item 1a. risk factors these risks, which should be considered carefully with the information provided elsewhere in this report, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
business & operational risk factors global pandemics have had, and may in the future have, an adverse impact on our business and operations.
our business relies on the health and wellbeing of our employees who run the day-to-day operations of the company. global pandemics, or localized epidemics, have had and may in the future have a significant adverse impact on our business and operations. specifically, the covid-19 pandemic negatively affected many parts of our business and operations, and the sustained, continuing impacts of the covid-19 pandemic (including indirect effects from the immediate impacts of the pandemic) remain difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of additional variants, the efficacy of vaccines against new variants and the speed at which normal economic and operating conditions can resume.
we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, an increase in operating costs in connection with higher costs associated with protecting the health and safety of team members. there can be no assurance that the health and safety measures we have taken with respect to new covid-19 variants or widespread illnesses, should a new global pandemic occur, will eradicate the risks associated with working in a critical infrastructure industry, including but not limited to, infection of our employees or a temporary reduction in the operating capacity of a facility. further, there can be no assurance that we will not incur additional direct incremental expenses related to new variants or widespread illnesses going forward, and that such amounts will not be material or have a material impact on our business, cash flows or results of operations.
if a significant percentage of our workforce is unable to work, including because of illness, this could have an adverse effect on our operations and results of operations. for example, certain of our team members who claim to have tested positive for covid-19, or their family members, have filed lawsuits seeking compensatory and punitive damages for wrongful death and personal injury claims in several states, and additional team members or family members of team members may assert similar claims as new covid-19 variants, other contagions or if a new global pandemic arises. if we are unsuccessful in defending against such claims, we may experience significant losses and expenses in connection with these lawsuits, which could adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition.
we have also experienced, and expect to continue to experience, disruption and volatility in our supply chain, which has resulted, and may continue to result, in increased costs for certain raw materials, packaging materials and transportation costs. any future disruptions within our supply chain from a global pandemic will depend on a variety of factors and circumstances that remain difficult to predict. other supply chain risks associated with a global pandemic include but are not limited to shutdowns or reduced operations at our suppliers' facilities, the continued inability of some of our contract producers to manage their livestock, supply chain disruptions for feed grains, changes in consumer orders due to shifting consumer patterns, changes in livestock and protein market prices, and additional disruptions in logistics or the distribution chain for our products, the occurrence of any of which have and may in the future result in a reduction in our fill rates to our customers. in addition, our operations, or those of independent contract poultry producers and producers who provide the live animals to our production operations, may become more limited in their ability to procure, deliver, or produce our food products because of labor shortages.
as a result of academic and in-restaurant dining shutdowns during the covid-19 pandemic, each of our segments previously experienced a shift in demand from foodservice to retail. while each of our segments has subsequently experienced varying levels of foodservice recovery, the long-term impact of covid-19 remains uncertain and will depend on a number of future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. in addition, in the event of a protracted period of economic downturn either in the near term or as a result of a future global pandemic, demand for our foodservice products may remain below expectations or decrease further, and demand for our retail consumption products may also decrease, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
we also face other risks associated with or potentially originated from the covid-19 pandemic, including:
•additional increase in input cost may not be adequately captured through pricing;
•adverse changes to the global economy may subject us to risk of material intangible and long-lived asset impairments, adjustments for inventory and market volatility for items subject to fair value measurements such as derivatives and investments;
•an increase in working capital needs and/or an increase in trade accounts receivable write-offs (and associated reserves) as a result of increased financial pressures on our suppliers or customers who are not able to pay in a timely manner or at all;
•a shift in consumer spending as a result of an economic downturn, which could result in consumers moving to private label or lower price products; and
•litigation.
actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to risks associated with covid-19, or if in the event of a new global pandemic, are unknown and are impossible to predict with certainty. nor can the company predict whether or when a covid-19 variant or widespread illness will or can disrupt our business in the future. any such disruption could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
we may not realize any or all of the anticipated benefits of our financial excellence programs, which may prove to be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected.
the company approved a restructuring program in fiscal 2022 (the "2022 program") to improve business performance, increase collaboration, enhance team member agility, enable faster decision-making and reduce redundancies. in conjunction with the 2022 program, the company relocated all of its corporate team members from its former chicago, downers grove and dakota dunes area corporate locations to its world headquarters in springdale, arkansas. we anticipate the remaining workstreams of the 2022 program and associated expenses will be complete in our fiscal 2025. for more information regarding this program, refer to part ii, item 8. notes to the consolidated financial statements, note 7: restructuring and related charges. additionally, in fiscal 2022, we launched a new productivity program to drive a better, faster and more agile organization that is supported by a culture of continuous improvement and faster decision-making.
the success of the financial excellence programs, or future financial excellence programs, including the realization of the anticipated benefits, will depend in part on our ability to successfully implement the programs in an efficient and effective manner. the implementation of the financial excellence programs may be more difficult, costly, or time consuming than expected, and the financial excellence programs may not result in any or all of the anticipated benefits. if we are unable to implement the financial excellence programs smoothly or successfully, or we otherwise do not capture the anticipated savings, our business, results of operations and financial condition for future periods could be negatively impacted.
in addition, we may incur higher costs than anticipated and the program impacts could result in performance shortfalls. the financial excellence programs may become a distraction for our organization and may disrupt our ongoing business operations; cause deterioration in team member morale; disrupt or weaken the internal control structures of the affected business operations; and result in negative publicity which could affect our corporate reputation. if we are unable to successfully manage the negative consequences of the financial excellence programs, our business, results of operations and financial condition for future periods could be adversely affected.
we are subject to risks associated with our international activities, which could negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign locations, as well as our operations and assets in such locations.
in fiscal 2023, we sold products to customers in approximately 140 countries. major sales markets include australia, canada, central america, chile, china, the european union, the united kingdom, japan, mexico, malaysia, the middle east, singapore, south korea, taiwan and thailand. our sales to customers in foreign countries for fiscal 2023 totaled $7.9 billion, of which $5.1 billion related to export sales from the united states. in addition, we had approximately $1.4 billion of long-lived assets located in foreign locations, primarily brazil, china, the european union, new zealand and thailand, at the end of fiscal 2023.
as a result, we are subject to various risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including:
•closing of borders by foreign countries to the import of beef, pork and poultry products due to animal disease or other perceived health or safety issues;
•impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the united states dollar and foreign currencies, particularly the australian dollar, the brazilian real, the british pound sterling, the canadian dollar, the chinese renminbi, the european euro, the malaysian ringgit, the mexican peso, and the thai baht;
•political and economic conditions, including the ongoing conflicts between ukraine and russia, as well as political tension and conflict in the middle east and elsewhere;
•difficulties and costs to comply with, and enforcement of remedies under, a wide variety of complex domestic and international laws, treaties and regulations, including, without limitation, the united states foreign corrupt practices act and economic and trade sanctions enforced by the united states department of the treasury's office of foreign assets control;
•different regulatory structures and unexpected changes in regulatory environments;
•tax rates that may exceed those in the united states and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation;
•potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws;
•distribution costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation; and
•the impact of covid-19 pandemic, including any resurgence and new or existing variants, on the global economy and on consumer demand worldwide; imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers and other trade protection measures imposed by foreign countries regarding the importation of beef, pork, poultry and prepared foods products, in addition to import or export licensing requirements imposed by various foreign countries.
negative consequences relating to these risks and uncertainties could jeopardize or limit our ability to transact business in one or more of those markets where we operate or in other developing markets and could adversely affect our financial results.
our business and reputation could suffer if we are unable to protect our information technology systems against, or effectively respond to, cyber attacks, other cyber incidents or security breaches or if our information technology systems are otherwise disrupted.
information technology is an important part of our business operations, and we rely on information technology systems to manage business data and increase efficiencies in our production and distribution facilities and inventory management processes. we also use information technology to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. in addition, we depend on information technology for digital marketing and electronic communications between our facilities, personnel, customers and suppliers, including ordering and managing raw materials and inputs, receiving and processing purchase orders, shipping products to customers and processing other transactions. communications between our facilities, personnel, customers and suppliers may include and is not limited to personal confidential information and payment card industry data, confidential and propriety intellectual property, trade secrets and other information and business and financial information. like other companies, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of disruptions, including but not limited to the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, user errors, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, cyber attacks, hackers, unauthorized access attempts and other security issues. in addition, such incidents could result in unauthorized or accidental disclosure of material confidential information or regulated individual personal data.
we have in the past experienced, and may in the future face, cyber attacks, other cyber incidents or security breaches, and there can be no assurance that we will always be able to sufficiently mitigate the impacts to our business and operations. we have implemented and continue to evaluate security initiatives and disaster recovery plans to mitigate our exposure to these risks, but these measures may not be adequate. attempted cyber attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise. techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems or networks, are constantly evolving and generally are not recognized until launched against a target. therefore, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, react in a timely manner, or implement adequate preventive measures, and we may face delays in our detection or remediation of, or other responses to, security breaches and other security-related incidents or vulnerabilities.
any significant failure of our systems, including failures that prevent our systems from functioning as intended or our failure to timely identify or appropriately respond to cyber attacks or other cyber incidents, could cause transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, loss of customers and sales, have negative consequences on our team members and our business partners, have a negative impact on our operations or business reputation and expose us to liability, litigation and regulatory enforcement actions. if there is wide scale disruption to our systems, we may need to shut parts or all of our systems down to run tests and repairs. any such downtime could have significant impacts on our ability to continue our business operations, including our ability to operate our facilities, manage and track inventory, manage and track incoming new orders and statuses of existing orders, and to continue to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. in the event any significant failure of our systems requires us to upgrade or set up new systems, oversight and implementation of the new system and training personnel could be costly, there may be further disruptions from potential instability in the new system, and there may be heightened cybersecurity risks in connection with the migration of data to the new system. in addition, we may suffer financial and reputational damage or penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our business partners, customers, consumers or suppliers. finally, the disclosure of non-public information through external media channels could lead to the loss of intellectual property or damage our reputation and brand image. similar risks exist with respect to the third-party vendors that we rely upon for aspects of our information technology support services and administrative functions, including health and benefit plan administration and certain finance and accounting functions, and systems managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties and their vendors. we have not experienced any significant cyber-related events in the current fiscal year.
we may not be able to successfully consummate favorable strategic acquisitions or divestitures or successfully integrate acquired businesses.
we periodically evaluate potential acquisitions, joint ventures and other initiatives, and may seek to expand our business through the acquisition of companies, processing plants, technologies, products and services. acquisitions and joint ventures involve financial and operational risks and uncertainties, including:
•challenges in realizing the anticipated benefits of the transaction;
•difficulty integrating acquired businesses, technologies, operations and personnel with our existing business;
•diversion of management attention in connection with negotiating transactions and integrating the businesses acquired;
•difficulty identifying suitable candidates;
•consummating a transaction on terms that are favorable to us;
•challenges in retaining the acquired businesses' customers and key team members;
•inability to implement and maintain consistent standards, controls, procedures and information systems;
•exposure to unforeseen or undisclosed liabilities of acquired companies; and
•the availability and terms of additional debt or equity financing for any transaction.
we may not be able to address these risks and successfully develop these acquired companies or businesses into profitable units. if we are unable to do this, such expansion could adversely affect our financial results. additionally, from time to time, we may divest businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives or do not meet our growth or profitability targets. we may not be able to complete desired or proposed divestitures on terms favorable to us. gains or losses on the sales of, or lost operating income from, those businesses may affect our profitability and margins. moreover, we may incur asset impairment charges related to divestitures that reduce our profitability. our divestiture activities may present financial, managerial and operational risks. those risks include diversion of management attention from existing businesses, difficulties separating personnel and financial and other systems, possible need for providing transition services to buyers, adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers and indemnities and potential disputes with the buyers. any of these factors could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
tyson limited partnership can exercise significant control.
as of september 30, 2023, tyson limited partnership (the "tlp") owns 99.985% of the outstanding shares of the company's class b common stock, $0.10 par value ("class b stock"), and the tlp and members of the tyson family own, in the aggregate, 2.44% of the outstanding shares of the company's class a common stock, $0.10 par value ("class a stock"), giving them, collectively, control of approximately 71.74% of the total voting power of the company's outstanding voting stock. at this time, the tlp does not have a managing general partner, as such, the management rights of the managing general partner may be exercised by a majority of the percentage interests of the general partners. as of september 30, 2023, through a series of trusts, mr. john tyson, chairman of the board of directors, controls 44.445% of the general partner percentage interests, and ms. barbara tyson, a director of the company, controls 11.115% of the general partner percentage interests (the remaining general partnership interests are held by the donald j. tyson revocable trust (44.44%)). as a result of these holdings, positions and directorships, the partners in the tlp have the ability to exert substantial influence or actual control over our management and affairs and over substantially all matters requiring action by our stockholders, including amendments to our restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws, the election and removal of directors, any proposed merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and other corporate transactions. this concentration of ownership may also delay or prevent a change in control otherwise favored by our other stockholders and could depress our stock price. additionally, as a result of the tlp's significant ownership of our outstanding voting stock, we are eligible for "controlled company" exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements of the new york stock exchange.
industry risk factors fluctuations in commodity prices and in the availability of raw materials, especially feed grains, live cattle, live swine and other inputs could negatively impact our earnings.
our results of operations and financial condition, as well as the selling prices for our products, are dependent upon the cost and supply of commodities and raw materials such as beef, pork, poultry, corn, soybean meal, packaging materials and energy and, to a lesser extent, cheese, fruit, seasoning blends, flour, corn syrup, corn oils, butter and sugar. corn, soybean meal and other feed ingredients, for instance, represented roughly 61% of our cost of growing a live chicken in fiscal 2023.
production and pricing of these commodities are determined by constantly changing market forces of supply and demand over which we have limited or no control. such factors include, among other things, weather patterns throughout the world, outbreaks of disease, the global level of supply inventories and demand for grains and other feed ingredients, as well as agricultural and energy policies of domestic and foreign governments.
volatility in our commodity and raw material costs directly impact our gross margin and profitability. the company's objective continues to be to offset commodity price increases with pricing actions over time. however, we may not always be able to increase our product prices enough to sufficiently offset increased raw material costs due to consumer price sensitivity or the pricing postures of our competitors. in addition, if we increase prices to offset higher costs, we could experience lower demand for our products and sales volumes. conversely, decreases in our commodity and other input costs may create pressure on us to decrease our prices. while we use derivative financial instruments, primarily futures and options, to reduce the effect of changing prices and as a mechanism to procure the underlying commodity, we do not fully hedge against changes in commodities prices.
over time, if we are unable to price our products to cover increased costs, to offset operating cost increases with continuous improvement savings or are not successful in our commodity hedging program, then commodity and raw material price increases could materially and adversely affect our profitability, financial condition and results of operations.
the prices we receive for our products may fluctuate due to competition from other food producers and processors.
the food industry in general is intensely competitive. we face competition from other food producers and processors that have various product ranges and geographic reach. some of the factors on which we compete include: pricing, product safety and quality, brand identification, innovation, breadth and depth of product offerings, availability of our products (including distribution channels used, such as e-commerce) and competing products, customer service, and credit terms.
from time to time in response to these competitive pressures or to maintain market share, we may need to reduce the prices for some of our products or increase or reallocate spending on marketing, advertising and promotions and new product innovation. such pressures also may restrict our ability to increase prices in response to raw material and other cost increases. any reduction in prices as a result of competitive pressures, or any failure to increase prices to offset cost increases, could harm our profit margins. if we reduce prices but we cannot increase sales volumes to offset the price changes, then our financial condition and results of operations will suffer. alternatively, if we do not reduce our prices and our competitors seek advantage through pricing or promotional changes, our revenues and market share could be adversely affected.
outbreaks of livestock diseases can adversely impact our ability to conduct our operations and the supply and demand for our products.
supply of and demand for our products can be adversely impacted by outbreaks of livestock diseases, including african swine fever ("asf"), bovine spongiform encephalopathy, foot and mouth disease and highly pathogenic avian influenza ("hpai"), which can have a significant impact on our financial results. in recent years, asf has impacted hog herds in china, asia, europe, and the caribbean, and if an outbreak of asf were to occur in the united states, the company's supply of hogs and pork could be materially impacted. hpai was detected within the united states in 2022 and additional new cases have been recently confirmed in certain states. efforts are taken to control disease risks by adherence to good production practices and extensive precautionary biosecurity measures designed to ensure the health of livestock. however, outbreaks of disease and other events, which may be beyond our control, either in our own livestock or livestock owned by independent producers who sell livestock to us, could significantly affect demand for our products, consumer perceptions of certain protein products, the availability of livestock for purchase by us and our ability to conduct our operations. moreover, the outbreak of livestock diseases, particularly in our chicken segment, could have a significant effect on the livestock we own by requiring us to, among other things, destroy any affected livestock. furthermore, an outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the import and export of our products to or from our suppliers, facilities or customers. this could also result in negative publicity that may have an adverse effect on our ability to market our products successfully and on our financial results.
changes in consumer preference and failure to maintain favorable consumer perception of our brands and products could negatively impact our business.
the food industry in general is subject to changing consumer trends, demands and preferences. trends within the food industry change often, and failure to identify and react to changes in these trends could lead to, among other things, reduced demand and price reductions for our brands and products. we strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations, but we may not be successful in our efforts.
we could be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products or ingredients, or the food safety system generally. prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health implications of certain food products or ingredients or loss of confidence in the food safety system generally could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
we have a number of iconic brands with significant value. maintaining and continually enhancing the value of these brands is critical to the success of our business. brand value is based in large part on consumer perceptions. success in promoting and enhancing brand value depends in large part on our ability to provide high-quality products. brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors, including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner, adverse publicity about our products (whether or not valid), our failure to maintain the quality of our products, the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences or the products becoming unavailable to consumers.
failure to continually innovate and successfully launch new products and maintain our brand image through marketing investment could adversely impact our operating results.
our financial success is dependent on anticipating changes in consumer preferences, purchasing behaviors and dietary habits and successfully developing and launching new products and product extensions that consumers want in the channels where they shop. we devote significant resources to new product development and product extensions, however we may not be successful in developing innovative new products or our new products may not be commercially successful. to the extent we are not able to effectively gauge the direction of our key markets and successfully identify, develop, manufacture and market new or improved products in these changing markets, such as adapting to emerging e-commerce channels, our financial results and our competitive position will suffer. in addition, our introduction of new products or product extensions may generate litigation or other legal proceedings against us by competitors claiming infringement of their intellectual property or other rights, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
we also seek to maintain and extend the image of our brands through marketing investments, including advertising, consumer promotions and trade spend. due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising, promotions and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance, our marketing investments may not prove successful in maintaining or increasing our market share and could result in lower sales and profits. continuing global focus on health and wellness, including weight management, and increasing media attention to the role of food marketing could adversely affect our brand image or lead to stricter regulations and greater scrutiny of food marketing practices.
our success in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image also depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including our increasing reliance on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. the growing use of social and digital media increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. negative posts or comments about us, our brands or our products on social or digital media could seriously damage our reputation and brand image.
we are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions on how and to whom we market our products, for instance marketing to children, which may limit our ability to maintain or extend our brand image. if we do not maintain or extend our brand image, then our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
the loss of one or more of our largest customers could negatively impact our business.
our business could suffer significant setbacks in sales and operating income if our customers' plans and/or markets change significantly or if we lost one or more of our largest customers, including, for example, walmart inc., which accounted for 18.6% of our sales in fiscal 2023. our retail customers typically do not enter into written contracts, and if they do sign contracts, they generally are limited in scope and duration. there can be no assurance that significant customers will continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past. alternative retail channels, such as convenience stores, dollar stores, drug stores, club stores and internet-based retailers have increased their market share.
this trend towards alternative channels is expected to continue in the future. if we are not successful in expanding sales in alternative retail channels, our business or financial results may be adversely impacted. many of our customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food distributors, have consolidated in recent years, and consolidation is expected to continue throughout the united states and in other major markets. these consolidations have produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories, opposing price increases, and demanding lower pricing, increased promotional programs and specifically tailored products. these customers also may use shelf space currently used for our products for their own private label products. because of these trends, our volume growth could slow or we may need to lower prices or increase promotional spending for our products. additionally, these large customers may demand more favorable terms that may expose us to greater risks, including uncapped indemnification and no limitation of liability provisions. such terms may obligate us to pay significant amounts in connection with potential losses arising from claims and related legal proceedings, and any such claims could also affect our reputation and our relationship with customers. we generally attempt to limit the maximum amount of indemnification or liability that we could be exposed to under our contracts, but this is not always possible without risking the loss of a customer relationship, particularly with our more significant customers. the loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales to, or adverse change to trade terms with, a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
failure to leverage our brand value propositions to compete against private label products, especially during economic downturn, may adversely affect our profitability.
in many product categories, we compete not only with other widely advertised branded products, but also with private label products that generally are sold at lower prices. consumers are more likely to purchase our products if they believe that our products provide a higher quality and greater value than less expensive alternatives. if the difference in quality between our brands and private label products narrows, or if there is a perception of such a narrowing, consumers may choose not to buy our products at prices that are profitable for us. in addition, in periods of economic uncertainty, consumers tend to purchase more lower-priced private label or other economy brands. to the extent this occurs, we could experience a reduction in the sales volume of our higher margin products or a shift in our product mix to lower margin offerings. in addition, in times of economic uncertainty, consumers reduce the amount of food that they consume away from home at our foodservice customers, which in turn reduces our product sales.
labor & employment risk factors labor shortages and increased turnover or increases in employee and employee-related costs could have adverse effects on our profitability.
a number of factors have had and may continue to have adverse effects on the labor force available to us, including government regulations, which include laws and regulations related to workers' health and safety, wage and hour practices and immigration. labor shortages and increased turnover rates within our team members have led to and could in the future lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our production facilities or otherwise operate at full capacity. an overall or prolonged labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation could have a material adverse impact on our operations, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.
we depend on the availability of, and good relations with, our team members and their labor unions.
we have approximately 139,000 team members, approximately 39,000 of whom are covered by collective bargaining agreements or are members of labor unions. our operations depend on the availability and relative costs of labor and maintaining good relations with team members and the labor unions. if we fail to maintain good relations with our team members or with the labor unions, we may experience labor strikes or work stoppages, which could adversely affect our financial results.
if we are unable to attract, hire or retain key team members or a highly skilled and diverse global workforce, it could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our continued growth requires us to attract, hire, retain and develop key team members, including our executive officers and senior management team, and maintain a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. we compete to attract and hire highly skilled team members and our own team members are highly sought after by our competitors and other companies. competition could cause us to lose talented team members, and unplanned turnover could deplete our institutional knowledge and result in increased costs due to increased competition for team members. in addition, our compensation arrangements may not always be successful in attracting new employees or retaining our existing team members.
we depend on contract farmers and independent producers to supply us with livestock.
we contract primarily with independent contract farmers to raise the live chickens and turkeys processed in our poultry operations. a majority of our cattle and hogs are purchased from independent producers who sell livestock to us under marketing contracts or on the open market. if we do not attract and maintain contracts with farmers or maintain marketing and purchasing relationships with independent producers, our production operations could be negatively affected. certain of our competitors may also negotiate more favorable contract terms that could provide them with competitive advantages and affect our supply.
legal & regulatory risk factors if our products become contaminated, we may be subject to product liability claims and product recalls, which could adversely affect our financial results and damage our reputation.
our products may be subject to contamination by foreign materials or disease-producing organisms or pathogens, such as listeria monocytogenes, salmonella and e. coli. these organisms and pathogens are found generally in the environment and there is a risk that one or more, as a result of food processing, could be present in our products. these organisms and pathogens also can be introduced to our products as a result of improper handling at the further-processing, foodservice or consumer level. these risks may be controlled, but may not be eliminated, by adherence to good manufacturing practices and finished product testing. we have little, if any, control over handling procedures once our products have been shipped for distribution. even an inadvertent shipment of contaminated products may be a violation of law and may lead to increased risk of exposure to product liability claims, increased scrutiny and penalties, including injunctive relief and plant closings, by federal and state regulatory agencies, and adverse publicity, which could exacerbate the associated negative consumer reaction. some of our commercial contracts with our customers have uncapped indemnification clauses or no limitation of liability provisions, so any of these occurrences could cause us to pay significant amounts in penalties and spend significant resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. while we also benefit from certain indemnification obligations from our customers, such protections may not adequately cover all claims brought against us or cover only a portion of such claim. in addition, we may be required to recall some of our products if they spoil, become contaminated, are tampered with or are mislabeled. a widespread product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. such a product recall also could result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results and the value of our brands.
new or more stringent domestic and international government regulations could impose material costs on us and could adversely affect our business.
our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and foreign laws and regulations by authorities that oversee food safety standards and processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, labeling and export of our products. see "environmental regulation and food safety" in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information. changes in laws or regulations that impose additional regulatory requirements on us (including the united kingdom's exit from the european union) could increase our cost of doing business or restrict our actions, causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. for example, increased governmental interest in advertising practices may result in regulations that could require us to change or restrict our advertising practices. additionally, new laws in the european union requiring traceability of commodities from source of origin and verification that commodities are deforestation free could impact commodity sourcing, pricing and our ability to place products in certain markets.
increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change, as well as alternative energy policies and sustainability initiatives (including those related to single use plastics), may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations for us. we use natural gas, diesel fuel and electricity in the manufacturing and distribution of our products. legislation or regulation affecting these inputs could materially affect our profitability.
climate change and any legal or regulatory responses may have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
climate change and rising global temperatures may contribute to changing weather patterns, elongated drought periods, heavier or more frequent storms and wildfires, and increased frequency and severity of natural disasters. decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world caused by changing weather patterns has limited and may continue to limit the availability, or may increase the cost, of key agricultural commodities and natural resource ingredients and manufacturing inputs, as well as raw materials such as beef, pork, poultry, corn, soybean meal and other feed ingredients. this in turn could lead to increased food insecurity in communities around the world. increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products. in addition, climate change could affect our ability to procure needed commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience and may require us to make additional unplanned capital expenditures.
increasing concern over climate change also may adversely impact demand for our products due to changes in consumer preferences and result in additional legal or regulatory requirements designed to manage greenhouse gas emissions, climate risks, and resulting environmental impacts. increased energy or compliance costs and expenses due to increased legal or regulatory requirements could be prohibitively costly and may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs associated with, the running of our production facilities. furthermore, compliance with any such legal or regulatory requirements may require us to make significant changes to our business operations and strategy, which will likely incur substantial time, attention and costs. even if we make changes to align ourselves with such legal or regulatory requirements, we may still be subject to significant fines if such laws and regulations are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices. the effects of climate change and legal or regulatory initiatives to address climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
finally, we currently provide certain climate-related disclosures, and from time to time, we establish and publicly announce goals and commitments to reduce our carbon footprint. these disclosures and goals, and our progress towards these commitments, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. there can be no assurance that our current disclosures and targets, and the methodologies that we currently use to support our disclosures and progress towards our targets, will satisfy any new regulations and legal requirements in the u.s. and abroad, and the costs of aligning our current disclosures and goals to any new legal requirements may be significant. additionally, if we fail to achieve or improperly report on our progress toward achieving our carbon emissions reduction goals and commitments, the resulting negative publicity could adversely affect consumer preference for our products.
the company is subject to stringent environmental regulation and potentially subject to environmental litigation, proceedings, and investigations.
our past and present business operations and ownership and operation of real property are subject to stringent federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations pertaining to the discharge of materials into the environment, and the handling and disposition of wastes (including solid and hazardous wastes) or otherwise relating to protection of the environment. compliance with these laws and regulations, and the ability to comply with any modifications to these laws and regulations, is material to our business. new matters or sites may be identified in the future that will require additional investigation, assessment, or expenditures. in addition, some of our facilities have been in operation for many years and, over time, we and other prior operators of these facilities may have generated and disposed of wastes that now may be considered hazardous. future discovery of contamination of property underlying or in the vicinity of our present or former properties or manufacturing facilities and/or waste disposal sites could require us to incur additional expenses. the occurrence of any of these events, the implementation of new laws and regulations, or stricter interpretation of existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect our financial results.
legal claims, class action lawsuits, other regulatory enforcement actions, or failure to comply with applicable legal standards or requirements could affect our product sales, reputation and profitability.
we operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. consequently, we are subject to heightened risk of legal claims or other regulatory enforcement actions. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our team members, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies and procedures. moreover, a failure to maintain effective control processes could lead to violations, unintentional or otherwise, of laws and regulations. legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those contained in item 3, legal proceedings and part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 20: commitments and contingencies in this annual report on form 10-k, could subject us to civil and criminal penalties, including debarment from governmental contracts that could materially and adversely affect our product sales, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. loss of or failure to obtain necessary permits and registrations could delay or prevent us from meeting current product demand, introducing new products, building new facilities or acquiring new businesses and could adversely affect operating results.
financial risk factors our level of indebtedness and the terms of our indebtedness could negatively impact our business and liquidity position.
our indebtedness, including borrowings under our revolving credit and term loan facilities and commercial paper program, may increase from time to time for various reasons, including fluctuations in operating results, working capital needs, capital expenditures and possible acquisitions, joint ventures or other significant initiatives. our consolidated indebtedness level could adversely affect our business because:
•it may limit or impair our ability to obtain financing in the future;
•our credit ratings (or any decrease to our credit ratings) could restrict or impede our ability to access capital markets at desired interest rates and increase our borrowing costs;
•it may reduce our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions or to take advantage of business opportunities that may arise;
•a portion of our cash flow from operations must be dedicated to interest payments on our indebtedness and is not available for other purposes; and
•it may restrict our ability to pay dividends.
our revolving credit and term loan facilities contain affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; merge, dissolve, liquidate or consolidate; make acquisitions and investments; dispose of or transfer assets; change the nature of our business; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and enter into hedging transactions, in each case, subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. in addition, we are required to maintain a minimum interest expense coverage ratio.
our senior notes also contain affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens; engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions; and engage in certain consolidations, mergers and sales of assets.
an impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill or indefinite life intangible assets could negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and net worth.
goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. in assessing the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, we make estimates and assumptions about sales growth, operating margins, royalty rates, valuation multiples, and discount rates based on budgets, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management's judgment in applying these factors. goodwill valuations have been calculated principally using income and market approaches. the income approach is based on the present value of future cash flows of each reporting unit and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. the market approach measures value based on what other purchasers in the market have paid for assets or business interests that can be considered reasonably similar to each reporting unit and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. indefinite life intangible asset valuations have been calculated principally using relief-from-royalty and excess earnings approaches and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. under these valuation approaches, we are required to make various judgmental assumptions about appropriate sales growth, operating margins, royalty rates and discount rates, amongst other assumptions. disruptions in global credit and other financial markets and deterioration of economic conditions, including as a result of inflation, could, among other things, cause us to increase the discount rate used in the valuations. we could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets prior to the annual assessment if we experience disruptions to the business, unexpected significant declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant component of our business, increased discount rates or sustained market capitalization declines. these types of events and the resulting analyses could result in impairment charges in the future, which could be substantial. at september 30, 2023, we had $14.0 billion of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, which represented approximately 38.5% of total assets.
participation in a multiemployer pension plan could adversely affect our business.
we participate in a "multiemployer" pension plan that provides defined benefits to certain team members covered by collective bargaining agreements. this type of plan is typically administered by a board of trustees composed of the management of the participating companies and labor representatives. we are required to make periodic contributions to this plan to allow the plan to meet its pension benefit obligation to its participants. our required contributions to this fund could increase because of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to this fund, inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. in the event that we withdraw from participation in this plan, then applicable law could require us to make additional lump-sum contributions to the plan, and we would have to reflect that as an expense in our consolidated statement of operations and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. our withdrawal liability would depend on the extent of the plan's funding of vested benefits. the plan in which we participate is reported to have a significant underfunded liability. such underfunding could increase the size of our potential withdrawal liability. in the event a withdrawal or partial withdrawal were to occur with respect to the multiemployer plan, the impact to our consolidated financial statements could be material.
volatility in the capital markets or interest rates could adversely impact our pension costs and the funded status of our pension plans.
we sponsor a number of defined benefit plans for team members. the difference between plan obligations and assets, which signifies the funded status of the plans, is a significant factor in determining the net periodic benefit costs of the pension plans and our ongoing funding requirements. at september 30, 2023, the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans was an underfunded position of $149 million, as compared to an underfunded position of $159 million at the end of fiscal 2022. changes in interest rates and the market value of plan assets can impact the funded status of the plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and our future funding requirements. the exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of factors, including minimum funding requirements.
market fluctuations could negatively impact our operating results as we hedge certain transactions.
our business is exposed to fluctuating market conditions. we use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to various market risks including changes in commodity prices, interest rates and foreign exchange rates. we hold certain positions, primarily in grain and livestock futures, that are not hedges for financial reporting purposes. these positions are marked to fair value, and the unrealized gains and losses are reported in earnings at each reporting date. therefore, losses on these contracts will adversely affect our reported operating results. while these contracts reduce our exposure to changes in prices for commodity products, the use of such instruments may ultimately limit our ability to benefit from favorable commodity prices.
general risk factors deterioration of economic conditions, including recession, financial instability or inflation, could negatively impact our business.
our business may be adversely affected by changes in economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, access to capital markets, consumer spending rates, energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges) and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. any such changes could adversely affect the demand for our products, or the cost and availability of our needed raw materials, cooking ingredients and packaging materials, thereby negatively affecting our financial results.
disruptions in global credit and other financial markets and deterioration of economic conditions could, among other things:
•make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain financing for our operations or investments or to refinance our debt in the future;
•cause our lenders to depart from prior credit industry practice and make more difficult or expensive the granting of any amendment of, or waivers under, our credit agreements to the extent we may seek them in the future;
•impair the financial condition of some of our customers and suppliers, thereby increasing customer bad debts or non-performance by suppliers;
•negatively impact global demand for protein products, which could result in a reduction of sales, operating income and cash flows;
•decrease the value of our investments in equity and debt securities, including our marketable debt securities, company-owned life insurance and pension and other postretirement plan assets;
•negatively impact our commodity purchasing activities if we are required to record losses related to derivative financial instruments; or
•impair the financial viability of our insurers.
in addition, consumer spending may decline at any time for reasons beyond our control, and the risks associated with our businesses may become more acute in periods of a slowing economy or recession, which may reduce consumer confidence and result in a decrease in consumer demand for our products. furthermore, inflation, which has significantly risen, has and may continue to increase our operational costs, including labor costs and grain and feed ingredient costs, and continued increases in interest rates in response to concerns about inflation may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. as a result, instability and weakness of the u.s. and global economies, including due to the effects caused by disruptions to financial markets, inflation, recession, high unemployment, geopolitical events and other effects caused by the covid-19 pandemic, and the negative effects on consumers' spending, may materially negatively affect our business and results of operations. a prolonged period of reduced consumer spending could have an adverse effect on our business and our results of operations.
extreme factors or forces beyond our control could negatively impact our business.
our ability to make, move and sell products is critical to our success. natural disasters, fire, bioterrorism, pandemic or extreme weather, including droughts, floods, excessive cold or heat, hurricanes or other storms, could impair the health or growth of livestock or interfere with our operations due to power outages, fuel shortages, decrease in availability of water, damage to our production and processing facilities or disruption of transportation channels or unfavorably impact the demand for, or our consumers' ability to purchase our products, among other things. any of these factors could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
failure to maximize or to successfully assert our intellectual property rights could impact our competitiveness.
we consider our intellectual property rights, particularly and most notably our trademarks, but also our trade secrets, patents and copyrights, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. we attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws, as well as licensing agreements, third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third-party misuses of our intellectual property. we cannot be sure that these intellectual property rights will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. there is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to support new product introductions.
we cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future. in addition, even if such rights are obtained in the united states, the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be sold do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states. our failure to perfect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights could make us less competitive and could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
we may incur additional tax expense or become subject to additional tax liabilities.
we are subject to taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. our total income tax expense could be affected by changes in tax rates in various jurisdictions, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. we are also subject to the examination of our tax returns and other tax matters by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities. there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we could face additional tax liability, including interest and penalties, which could adversely affect our financial results. in december 2021, we received an assessment from the mexican tax authorities related to the 2015 sale of our direct and indirect equity interests in subsidiaries which held our mexico operations. at september 30, 2023, the assessment totaled approximately $488 million (8.6 billion mexican pesos), which includes tax, inflation adjustment, interest and penalties. we believe the assertions made in the assessment letter have no merit and will defend our positions through the mexican administrative appeal process and litigation, if necessary. based on our analysis of this assessment in accordance with financial accounting standards board ("fasb") guidance related to unrecognized tax benefits, we have not recorded a liability related to the issue.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations objective the following discussion provides an analysis of the company's financial condition, cash flows and results of operations from management's perspective and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. our objective is to also provide discussion of events and uncertainties known to management that are reasonably likely to cause reported financial information not to be indicative of future operating results or of future financial condition and to offer information that provides understanding of our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. refer to the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended october 2, 2021 for additional information related to fiscal 2021.
description of the company we are one of the world's largest food companies and a recognized leader in protein. founded in 1935 by john w. tyson and grown under four generations of family leadership, the company has a broad portfolio of products and brands including tyson®, jimmy dean®, hillshire farm®, ball park®, wright®, aidells®, ibp® and state fair®.
we operate in four reportable segments: beef, pork, chicken and prepared foods. we measure segment profit as operating income (loss). international/other primarily includes our foreign operations in australia, china, malaysia, mexico, the netherlands, south korea, thailand and the kingdom of saudi arabia, third-party merger and integration costs and corporate overhead related to tyson new ventures, llc. for further description of the business, refer to part i, item 1, business.
overview fiscal year we utilize a 52- or 53-week accounting period ending on the saturday closest to september 30. the company's accounting cycle resulted in a 52-week year for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021.
general sales decreased slightly to $52.9 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022, largely due to decreased sales volumes in our beef and pork segments and lower average sales price in our chicken and pork segments, partially offset by increased sales volumes in our chicken segment. we incurred an operating loss of $395 million in fiscal 2023 as compared to operating income of $4,410 million fiscal 2022, as we experienced lower operating income in all our segments other than the prepared foods segment. in fiscal 2023, our operating income was impacted by $781 million of goodwill impairment charges, $322 million of plant closure charges, $156 million of legal contingency accruals, $124 million of restructuring and related charges, $17 million of product line discontinuation charges, and benefited by $53 million of insurance proceeds, net of costs incurred, related to fires at our production facilities and $19 million related to the relocation of a production facility in china. in fiscal 2022, our results were impacted by $66 million of restructuring and related charges and $62 million of insurance proceeds, net of costs incurred related to fires at our production facilities.
market environment according to the usda, domestic protein production (beef, pork, chicken and turkey) decreased slightly in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. all segments experienced inflation in operating costs, especially in labor and certain materials, however, the rate of inflation started to decrease and protein prices began to level off. we continue to pursue recovery of increased input costs through pricing. additionally, the conflict between ukraine and russia has led to economic sanctions against russia and certain regions of ukraine and belarus. as of september 30, 2023, the impact of this conflict has not had a material direct impact on our consolidated financial performance. however, the conflict is still ongoing and there are many risks and uncertainties in relation to the conflict that are outside of our control. furthermore, the conflict in the middle east escalated in october 2023 creating economic and political uncertainty within the region. if these conflicts escalate further, impact additional regions or countries, or additional economic sanctions are imposed, it could have a material impact on our business operations and financial performance. the beef segment experienced reduced supply of market-ready cattle and increased live cattle costs. the pork segment experienced sufficient supply and reduced live hog costs, but was negatively impacted by softening global demand. the chicken segment experienced increased feed ingredient and other input costs along with excess domestic supply impacts to sales pricing. the prepared foods segment experienced decreased raw material costs primarily due to lower meat costs.
the federal reserve has increased interest rates, and it is anticipated that interest rates will continue to rise in the near term. our direct exposure to rising interest rates is somewhat tempered given our strong liquidity position in addition to our current debt structure in which most of our borrowings have fixed interest rates. at september 30, 2023, we had $3.0 billion of liquidity and our current debt was $1.9 billion. should we need to issue additional debt or borrow under our existing revolving and term loan facilities, we may be exposed to higher interest rates than our current outstanding borrowings.
margins our total operating margin was (0.7)% in fiscal 2023. operating margins by segment were as follows:
•beef - (0.5)%
•pork - (2.4)%
•chicken - (4.5)%
•prepared foods - 8.4%
strategy our strategy is to sustainably feed the world with the fastest growing protein brands. we intend to achieve our strategy as we: grow our business by delivering superior value to consumers and customers; deliver fuel for growth and returns through commercial, operational and financial excellence; and sustain our company and our world for future generations.
we launched a new productivity program in fiscal 2022 to drive a better, faster and more agile organization that is supported by a culture of continuous improvement and faster decision-making. the execution of the program is supported by a program management office that ensures delivery of key project milestones and reports on savings achievements connected with the three pillars of the program. the first pillar is operational and functional excellence, which includes functional efficiency efforts in finance, hr and procurement focused on applying best practices to reduce costs. the second pillar is the use of new digital solutions like artificial intelligence and predictive analytics to drive efficiency in operations, supply chain planning, logistics and warehousing. the third pillar is automation, which will leverage automation and robotics technologies to automate difficult and higher turnover positions. we expect the productivity savings to be recognized in each of our reportable segments as they benefit from the achievements connected with the three pillars of the program. at this time, we do not anticipate costs associated with this program to be material and capital expenditures associated with automation and other activities are included in our capital expenditure expectations. we were targeting $1 billion in productivity savings by the end of fiscal 2024 relative to a fiscal 2021 cost baseline. we realized more than $700 million of productivity savings in fiscal 2022, which partially offset the impacts of inflationary market conditions, and we surpassed our aggregate $1 billion target in fiscal 2023, more than a year ahead of our plan.
the company approved a restructuring program in fiscal 2022, the 2022 program, which is expected to improve business performance, increase collaboration, enhance team member agility, enable faster decision-making and reduce redundancies. in conjunction with the 2022 program, the company relocated all of its corporate team members from the chicago, downers grove and dakota dunes area corporate locations to its world headquarters in springdale, arkansas, through a phased relocation commencing in early calendar year 2023. in the third quarter of fiscal 2023, the company approved an extension to the program related to removing additional redundancies in corporate overhead. we recognized $124 million and $66 million of pretax charges in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively, associated with the 2022 program consisting of severance related costs, relocation and related costs, accelerated depreciation, contract and lease termination and professional and other fees. the company currently anticipates the 2022 program will result in cumulative pretax charges of approximately $224 million. as the company continues to evaluate its business strategies and long-term growth targets, additional restructuring activities may occur. the following tables set forth the pretax impact of restructuring and related charges in the consolidated statements of income and the pretax impact by our reportable segments for fiscal years ended 2023 and 2022. for further description refer to part ii, item 8, notes to the consolidated financial statements, note 7: restructuring and related charges (in millions).
2023                                                                    2022
cost of sales                                             $29        $18
selling, general and administrative                        95         48
total restructuring and related charges, pretax          $124        $66
2022 charges                  2023 charges                  estimated future charges                  total estimated 2022 program charges beef                                                          $16                           $33                                    $3                                               $52
pork                                                            5                            11                                     1                                                17
chicken                                                         6                            16                                     2                                                24
prepared foods                                                 36                            49                                    24                                               109
international/other                                             3                            15                                     4                                                22
total restructuring and related charges, pretax               $66                          $124                                   $34                                              $224
summary of results sales                                                                                  in millions
2023                                                                  2022                    2021
sales                                 $52,881                  $53,282                  $47,049
change in sales volume                    1.0   %                (0.3)   %
change in average sales price           (1.5)   %                 12.3   %
sales growth                            (0.8)   %                 13.2   %
2023 vs. 2022 -
•sales volume - sales were positively impacted by a increase in sales volume, which accounted for an increase of $507 million, driven by increased volumes in our chicken segment partially offset by decreased volumes in our beef segment due to the reduced domestic availability of live cattle and our pork segment as a result of balancing our supply with customer demand.
•average sales price - sales were negatively impacted by lower average sales prices, which accounted for a decrease of $752 million, driven by reduced pricing in our pork and chicken segments, partially offset by higher average sales prices in our beef and prepared foods segments.
•the above change in average sales price for fiscal 2023 excludes the impact of a $156 million reduction of sales from the recognition of legal contingency accruals.
2022 vs. 2021 -
•sales volume - sales were negatively impacted by a decrease in sales volume, which accounted for a decrease of $121 million, driven by decreased volumes in our pork and prepared foods segments and impacts associated with the challenging labor environment and continued supply chain constraints, partially offset by an increase in sales volume in our chicken segment.
•average sales price - sales were positively impacted by higher average sales prices, which accounted for an increase of $5,809 million. the increase in average sales price was primarily due to the current inflationary environment and recovery of rapidly rising costs.
•the above change in average sales price for fiscal 2022 excludes the impact of a $545 million reduction of sales from the recognition of legal contingency accruals in fiscal 2021.
cost of sales                                                                           in millions
2023                                                                           2022            2021
cost of sales                                  $50,250                  $46,614         $40,523
gross profit                                     2,631                    6,668
cost of sales as a percentage of sales            95.0   %                 87.5   %
2023 vs. 2022 -
•cost of sales increased $3,636 million. higher sales volume increased cost of sales $444 million while higher input cost per pound increased cost of sales $3,192 million.
•the $3,192 million impact of higher input cost per pound was impacted by:
•increase in live cattle costs of approximately $2,135 million in our beef segment.
•increase due to net derivative losses of $117 million in fiscal 2023, compared to net derivative gains of $225 million in fiscal 2022 due to our risk management activities. these amounts exclude offsetting impacts from related physical purchase transactions, which are included in the change in live cattle and hog costs and raw material and feed ingredient costs described herein.
•increase of $322 million due to costs associated with plant closures.
•increase of $238 million related to inventory lower of cost or net realizable value adjustments.
•increase of approximately $36 million in our chicken segment related to net increases in feed ingredients costs and growout expenses, partially offset by reduced outside meat purchases.
•increase of approximately $24 million in our chicken segment due to $11 million of insurance proceeds, net of costs incurred, in fiscal 2023 compared to $35 million of insurance proceeds, net of costs incurred, in fiscal 2022 related to the fire at our production facility in fiscal 2021.
•decrease in live hog costs of approximately $295 million in our pork segment.
•decrease in freight and transportation costs of approximately $175 million.
•decrease in raw material and other input costs of approximately $45 million in our prepared foods segment.
•remaining increase in costs across all of our segments primarily driven by net impacts on average cost per pound from mix changes as well as the impact of the inflationary environment on our labor and other input costs, partially offset by savings from our productivity program.
•the $444 million impact of increased sales volume was primarily driven by increased volumes in our chicken segment.
2022 vs. 2021 -
•cost of sales increased $6,091 million. lower sales volume decreased cost of sales $104 million while higher input cost per pound increased cost of sales $6,195 million.
•the $6,195 million impact of higher input cost per pound was impacted by:
•increase in live cattle costs of approximately $1,950 million in our beef segment.
•increase of approximately $635 million in our chicken segment related to the net impact of increased feed ingredient costs and growout expenses, partially offset by a reduction in outside meat purchases.
•increase in raw material and other input costs of approximately $615 million in our prepared foods segment.
•increase in live hog costs of approximately $270 million in our pork segment.
•increase in freight and transportation costs of approximately $485 million.
•increase of approximately $120 million in frontline bonuses.
•increase due to the recognition of a $784 million gain on the sale of our pet treats business in fiscal 2021.
•decrease due to net derivative gains of $225 million in fiscal 2022, compared to net derivative gains of $14 million in fiscal 2021 due to our risk management activities. these amounts exclude offsetting impacts from related physical purchase transactions, which are included in the change in live cattle and hog costs and raw material and feed ingredient costs described herein.
•decrease of approximately $81 million in our chicken segment related to the recognition of legal contingency accruals in fiscal 2021.
•decrease of approximately $58 million in our chicken segment related to insurance proceeds, net of costs incurred, related to the fire at our production facility in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021.
•decrease of approximately $27 million in our beef segment related to insurance proceeds related to the fire at our production facility in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019.
•remaining increase in costs across all of our segments primarily driven by net impacts on average cost per pound from mix changes, the impact of the inflationary environment on our labor and other input costs and restructuring and related charges, partially offset by savings from our productivity program.
•the $104 million impact of lower sales volume was primarily driven by decreased volumes in our pork and prepared foods segments.
selling, general and administrative                                                          in millions
2023                                                                        2022                    2021
selling, general and administrative          $2,245                   $2,258                   $2,130
as a percentage of sales                        4.2   %                  4.2   %
2023 vs. 2022 -
•decrease of $13 million in selling, general and administrative was primarily driven by:
•decrease of $171 million in employee costs primarily from incentive-based compensation.
•decrease of $26 million in professional fees.
•increase of $71 million from a gain recognized in the fiscal year ended october 1, 2022 from recoveries related to a cattle suppliers misappropriation of company funds.
•increase of $57 million in marketing, advertising and promotion expenses.
•increase of $47 million in restructuring and related costs.
2022 vs. 2021 -
•increase of $128 million in selling, general and administrative was primarily driven by:
•increase of $48 million in restructuring and related costs.
•increase of $47 million in marketing, advertising and promotion expenses.
•increase of $38 million in technology related costs.
•increase of $34 million in employee costs.
•increase of $24 million in donations.
•increase of $15 million in travel and entertainment costs.
•decrease of $33 million in commission and brokerage fees.
•decrease of $27 million in depreciation and amortization.
•decrease of $16 million from the change in the impact of a cattle supplier's misappropriation of company funds, resulting from a $71 million gain related to the recovery of cattle inventory in the fiscal year ended october 1, 2022 as compared to a $55 million gain recognized in the fiscal year ended october 2, 2021.
goodwill impairment
2023 vs 2022
•during the third quarter of fiscal 2023, we experienced lower than anticipated operating results and changing market fundamentals, as well as a drop in our market capitalization to below our book value. consequently, we performed an interim assessment of goodwill and recorded a $448 million goodwill impairment charge. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, long-term treasury rates increased which caused an increase in the discount rates we utilize in determining the fair value of our reporting units. the increased discount rates caused the company to perform goodwill impairment assessments in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, which resulted in an additional $333 million goodwill impairment charge.
interest expense                                  in millions
2023                                  2022
$355                      $365
2023 / 2022 -
•interest expense primarily included interest expense related to our senior notes, commercial paper, term loans and commitment fees incurred on our revolving credit facility less capitalized interest. the decrease in interest expense in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to increased capitalized interest of $25 million and the impact of the redemption of the june 2022 senior notes in fiscal 2022, partially offset by increased commercial paper term loan balances.
other (income) expense, net         in millions
2023                                              2022
$(42)                     $(87)
2023 - included $22 million of production facilities fire insurance proceeds, $17 million of foreign exchange gains and $12 million of joint venture earnings.
2022 - included $58 million of foreign exchange losses, $52 million of production facilities fires insurance proceeds, $45 million of joint venture earnings and $37 million of gains on equity investments due to observable price changes in fiscal 2022.
effective tax rate
2023               2022
4.3   %           21.7   %
the percentage impacts on the effective tax rate were greater in fiscal 2023 due to the level of pretax income (loss) in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. additionally, tax benefits increased the effective tax rate on a pretax loss in fiscal 2023 and decreased the effective tax rate on pretax income in fiscal 2022.
2023 - the effective tax rate is lower than the statutory rate due to a $781 million non-deductible goodwill impairment, partially offset by income tax credits and a $26 million benefit from the remeasurement of deferred income taxes, primarily due to legislation decreasing state tax rates enacted in fiscal 2023.
2022 - the effective tax rate includes a $36 million benefit from the remeasurement of deferred income taxes, primarily due to legislation decreasing state tax rates enacted in fiscal 2022.
net income (loss) attributable to tyson                           in millions, except per share data
2023                                                                                                             2022
net income (loss) attributable to tyson                           $(648)                                 $3,238
net income (loss) attributable to tyson - per diluted share       (1.87)                                   8.92
2023 - included the following items:
•$757 million pretax, or ($2.13) per diluted share, of goodwill impairment charges (non-tax deductible) net of $24 million associated with net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests.
•$322 million pretax, or ($0.67) per diluted share, of charges related to plant closures.
•$156 million pretax, or ($0.33) per diluted share, related to the recognition of legal contingency accruals.
•$124 million pretax, or ($0.26) per diluted share, of restructuring and related charges.
•$75 million pretax, or $0.16 per diluted share, of production facilities fire insurance proceeds, net of costs incurred.
•$26 million post tax, or $0.07 per diluted share, from remeasurement of net deferred tax liabilities at lower enacted state tax rates.
•$17 million pretax, or ($0.04) per diluted share, of product line discontinuation charges.
•$16 million pretax, or $0.03 per diluted share, related to the relocation of a production facility in china net of $3 million associated with net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests.
2022 - included the following items:
•$114 million pretax, or $0.23 per diluted share, of production facilities fire insurance proceeds, net of costs incurred.
•$66 million pretax, or ($0.14) per diluted share, of restructuring and related charges.
•$36 million post tax, or $0.10 per diluted share, from remeasurement of net deferred tax liabilities at lower enacted state tax rates.
segment results we operate in four reportable segments: beef, pork, chicken, and prepared foods. international/other primarily includes our foreign operations in australia, china, malaysia, mexico, the netherlands, south korea, thailand and the kingdom of saudi arabia, third-party merger and integration costs and corporate overhead related to tyson new ventures, llc. additional information regarding the geographic areas of our foreign operations is set forth in part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 17: segment reporting. the following table is a summary of segment sales and operating income (loss) for fiscal years ended 2023, 2022 and 2021, which is how we measure segment income (loss):
in millions sales                                                            operating income (loss)
2023                                      2022                    2021                                      2023                        2022                          2021
beef                         $19,325                 $19,854                 $17,999                   $(91)                      $2,502                      $3,240
pork                           5,768                   6,414                   6,277                   (139)                         193                         328
chicken                       17,060                  16,961                  13,733                   (770)                         955                       (625)
prepared foods                 9,845                   9,689                   8,853                     823                         746                       1,456
international/other            2,515                   2,355                   1,990                   (218)                          14                         (3)
intersegment sales           (1,632)                 (1,991)                 (1,803)                       -                           -                           -
total                        $52,881                 $53,282                 $47,049                  $(395)                      $4,410                      $4,396
beef segment results                                                                                                                                         in millions
2023                                                               2022            change 2023 vs. 2022                         2021                change 2022 vs. 2021
sales                              $19,325                  $19,854                $(529)                                $17,999                         $1,855
sales volume change                                                                (3.1)             %                                                      0.1   %
average sales price change                                                                     0.4   %                                                     10.2   %
operating income (loss)              $(91)                   $2,502                $(2,593)                               $3,240                         $(738)
operating margin                     (0.5)   %                 12.6   %                                                     18.0   %
2023 vs. 2022 -
•sales volume - sales volume decreased in fiscal 2023 due to lower availability of live cattle.
•average sales price - average sales price increased slightly due to price increases associated with reduced live cattle supply and increased input costs, partially offset by reduced export demand and softening demand.
•operating income (loss) - operating income decreased due to unfavorable market conditions, including higher fed cattle costs. additionally, operating income in fiscal 2023 was impacted by a $333 million goodwill impairment charge and benefited from $42 million of insurance proceeds related to a fire at a production facility in fiscal 2019, partially offset by $33 million of restructuring and related charges. operating income in fiscal 2022 was impacted by $27 million of insurance proceeds related to a fire at a production facility in fiscal 2019, and $16 million of restructuring and related charges.
2022 vs. 2021 -
•sales volume - sales volume was relatively flat in fiscal 2022.
•average sales price - average sales price increased as input costs such as live cattle, labor and freight and transportation costs increased and demand for our beef products remained strong in the first half of the fiscal year.
•operating income - operating income decreased as margins compressed from historically high levels, paired with continued increased operating costs as a result of inflationary market environment. operating income benefited from a $71 million gain due to a settlement in fiscal 2022, compared to a $55 million gain from the recovery of cattle inventory in fiscal 2021, related to a cattle supplier's misappropriation of company funds. additionally, operating income in fiscal 2022 benefited from $27 million of insurance proceeds related to a fire at a production facility in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, partially offset by $16 million of restructuring and related charges.
pork segment results                                                                                                                   in millions
2023                                                               2022   change 2023 vs. 2022                         2021            change 2022 vs. 2021
sales                               $5,768                   $6,414       $(646)                                 $6,277                $137
sales volume change                                                       (2.2)             %                                          (1.9)             %
average sales price change                                                (7.9)             %                                                      4.1   %
operating income (loss)             $(139)                     $193       $(332)                                   $328                $(135)
operating margin                     (2.4)   %                  3.0   %                                             5.2   %
2023 vs. 2022 -
•sales volume - sales volume decreased as a result of balancing our supply with customer demand.
•average sales price - average sales price decreased due to reduced global demand.
•operating income (loss) - operating income decreased due to compressed pork margins, increased operating costs as a result of the inflationary market environment, losses incurred in our live hog operations and impacts from a production facility fire in the third quarter of fiscal 2023.
2022 vs. 2021 -
•sales volume - sales volume decreased due to reduced domestic availability of live hogs.
•average sales price - average sales price increased as input costs such as live hogs, labor, freight and transportation costs increased, partially offset by unfavorable mix associated with labor shortages.
•operating income - operating income decreased due to periods of compressed pork margins and increased operating costs as a result of the inflationary market environment. additionally, volatile market conditions resulted in net derivative gains of $10 million in fiscal 2022 and net derivative losses of $90 million in fiscal 2021, which excludes the impacts of related physical purchase transactions.
chicken segment results                                                                                                                                      in millions
2023                                                               2022                change 2023 vs. 2022                     2021                change 2022 vs. 2021
sales                              $17,060                  $16,961                            $99                       $13,733                         $3,228
sales volume change                                                                            3.4        %                                                 0.7        %
average sales price change                                                                   (1.9)        %                                                18.1        %
operating income (loss)             $(770)                     $955                       $(1,725)                        $(625)                         $1,580
operating margin                     (4.5)   %                  5.6   %                                                    (4.6)   %
2023 vs. 2022 -
•sales volume - sales volume increased primarily due to improved domestic production and the sell-through of inventory, partially offset by strategic initiative mix impacts.
•average sales price - average sales price decreased due to the challenging market conditions. the change in average sales price for the fiscal 2023 excludes the impact of a $156 million reduction of sales from the recognition of legal contingency accruals.
•operating income (loss) - operating income decreased in fiscal 2023 primarily due to the impacts of inflationary market conditions as well as operational impacts associated with strategic decisions in the first half of fiscal 2023. operating income in fiscal 2023 was impacted by $300 million of higher feed ingredient costs and $80 million of net derivative losses as compared to $195 million of net derivative gains in fiscal 2022. operating income in fiscal 2023 was impacted by $322 million in plant closure charges, $210 million of goodwill impairment charges, $156 million in legal contingency accruals and $16 million in restructuring and related charges, offset by $11 million of insurance proceeds, net of costs incurred associated with a production facility fire in fiscal 2021.
2022 vs. 2021 -
•sales volume - sales volume increased primarily due to improved domestic production partially offset by inventory growth and strategic initiative mix impacts.
•average sales price - average sales price increased primarily due to the effects of pricing initiatives in an inflationary cost environment.
•operating income (loss) - operating income increased in fiscal 2022 primarily due to higher average sales prices and increased sales volume, partially offset by the impacts of inflationary market conditions including increased supply chain and labor costs. operating income in fiscal 2022 was impacted by $595 million of higher feed ingredient costs, offset by $195 million of net derivative gains as compared to $65 million of net derivative gains in fiscal 2021. additionally, operating income in fiscal 2022 benefited from $35 million of insurance proceeds, net of costs incurred related to a fire at a production facility. operating income in fiscal 2021 was impacted by $626 million of losses from the recognition of legal contingency accruals and $23 million of expenses related to a fire at a production facility.
prepared foods segment results                                                                                                                                        in millions
2023                                                                     2022                change 2023 vs. 2022                     2021               change 2021 vs. 2020
sales                                     $9,845                   $9,689                           $156                        $8,853                   $836
sales volume change                                                                                  0.3        %                                        (4.1)             %
average sales price change                                                                           1.3        %                                                   13.5   %
operating income                            $823                     $746                            $77                        $1,456                   $(710)
operating margin                             8.4   %                  7.7   %                                                     16.4   %
2023 vs. 2022 -
•sales volume - sales volume increased slightly for fiscal 2023 as increased retail volumes were partially offset by a reduction in foodservice volumes.
•average sales price - average sales price increased due to the effects of revenue management in an inflationary cost environment and favorable product mix.
•operating income - operating income increased in fiscal 2023 driven by higher average sales prices and a $45 million reduction in raw material costs, partially offset by increased marketing, advertising and promotion spend. operating income in fiscal 2023 was impacted by $17 million of product line discontinuation charges and $49 million of restructuring and related charges.
2022 vs. 2021 -
•sales volume - sales volume decreased in fiscal 2022 due to the impacts of uneven foodservice recovery, the divestiture of our pet treats business in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, increased pricing and a challenging supply environment impacting the first half of fiscal 2022.
•average sales price - average sales price increased due to the effects of revenue management in an inflationary cost environment.
•operating income - operating income decreased in fiscal 2022 due to the recognition of a $784 million gain on the sale of our pet treats business in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. higher average sales prices were offset by the impacts of inflationary market conditions, including $615 million of increased raw materials and other input costs in fiscal 2022 in addition to increased supply chain and labor costs. additionally, operating income in fiscal 2022 was impacted by $36 million of restructuring and related charges.
international/other results                                                                                                                             in millions
2023                                                                2022       change 2023 vs. 2022   2021                                 change 2022 vs. 2021
sales                                  $2,515                  $2,355                 $160                        $1,990                   $365
operating income (loss)                 (218)                      14                (232)                           (3)       17
2023 vs. 2022 -
•sales - sales increased due to volume growth and pricing actions to offset the high inflationary cost environment, which was partially offset by foreign exchange rate movements.
•operating loss - operating income (loss) decreased in fiscal 2023 due to a $238 million goodwill impairment.
2022 vs. 2021 -
•sales - sales increased due to volume growth and higher pricing in an inflationary cost environment.
•operating loss - operating income increased primarily due to $27 million of charges incurred in 2021 related to the relocation of a production facility in china which did not recur in fiscal 2022, partially offset by the impacts of global inflationary market conditions.
liquidity and capital resources our cash needs for working capital, capital expenditures, growth opportunities, repurchases of senior notes, repayment of maturing debt, the payment of dividends and share repurchases are expected to be met with current cash on hand, cash flows provided by operating activities or short-term borrowings. based on our current expectations, we believe our liquidity and capital resources will be sufficient to operate our business. however, we may take advantage of opportunities to generate additional liquidity or refinance existing debt through capital market transactions. the amount, nature and timing of any capital market transactions will depend on our operating performance and other circumstances; our then-current commitments and obligations; the amount, nature and timing of our capital requirements; any limitations imposed by our current credit arrangements; and overall market conditions.
cash flows from operating activities                                              in millions
2023                                                                                     2022
net income (loss)                                        $(649)                  $3,249
non-cash items in net income (loss):
depreciation and amortization                             1,339                   1,202
deferred income taxes                                     (183)                     264
impairment of goodwill                                      781                       -
impairments and disposals of assets                         101                      34
stock-based compensation expense                             61                      93
other, net                                                  115                    (51)
net changes in operating assets and liabilities             187                 (2,104)
net cash provided by operating activities                $1,752                  $2,687
•the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to lower earnings as a result of operations and a decrease in accounts payable, offset by decreases in legal, annual incentive and tax payments, decreases in accounts receivable and inventory, and an increase in insurance proceeds received.
cash flows from investing activities                                                                     in millions
2023                                                                                                            2022
additions to property, plant and equipment                            $(1,939)                        $(1,887)
(purchases of)/proceeds from marketable securities, net                    (2)                             (1)
acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                       (262)                               -
acquisition of equity investments                                        (115)                           (177)
other, net                                                                  19                             130
net cash used for investing activities                                $(2,299)                        $(1,935)
•additions to property, plant and equipment included spending for production growth, safety and animal well-being, new equipment, infrastructure replacements and upgrades to maintain competitive standing and position us for future opportunities.
•approximately $1.3 billion will be necessary to complete buildings and equipment under construction at september 30, 2023.
•we expect capital expenditures between $1 billion and $1.5 billion for fiscal 2024. capital expenditures include investments in profit improvement projects as well as projects for maintenance and repair. this includes completion of capacity expansion projects as well as new equipment, automation technology and processes for product innovation.
•acquisitions, net of cash for fiscal 2023 included $223 million, net of cash acquired, for our acquisition of williams sausage company and $39 million for the 60% equity stake in supreme foods processing company, a producer and distributor of value-added and cooked chicken and beef products.
•acquisition of equity investments for fiscal 2023 primarily included: the purchase of minority interest in a global insect-based ingredients company; the purchase of a minority interest in a fully integrated poultry company in the middle east that produces broiler chickens and operates hatcheries and feed mills; and deferred payments related to prior year equity method investment.
•acquisition of equity investments for fiscal 2022 included the purchase of a minority interest in a south american-based fully integrated poultry company.
•other, net for fiscal 2023 primarily included insurance proceeds received related to fires at our production facilities. other, net for fiscal 2022 primarily included insurance proceeds received related to fires at our production facilities, proceeds from the disposition of assets and changes in deposits for capital expenditures.
cash flows from financing activities                                                                  in millions
2023                                                                                                         2022
proceeds from issuance of debt                                       $1,130                            $103
payments on debt                                                      (603)                         (1,191)
proceeds from issuance of commercial paper                            7,693                               -
repayments of commercial paper                                      (7,103)                               -
purchases of tyson class a common stock                               (354)                           (702)
dividends                                                             (670)                           (653)
stock options exercised                                                  11                             126
other, net                                                             (16)                             (6)
net cash provided by (used for) financing activities                    $88                        $(2,323)
•during fiscal 2023, proceeds from issuance of debt included $1 billion of proceeds from the issuance of a term loan facility due may 2026.
•payments on debt included:
•2023 - in september 2023, we extinguished the $400 million outstanding balance of our senior notes due september 2023.
•2022 - in march 2022, we extinguished the $1 billion outstanding balance of our senior notes due june 2022.
•purchases of tyson class a common stock included:
•$300 million and $587 million of cash paid for shares repurchased pursuant to our share repurchase program in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively.
•$54 million and $115 million for shares repurchased to fund certain obligations under our equity compensation plans in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively.
•dividends paid during fiscal 2023 included a 4% increase to our fiscal 2022 quarterly dividend rate.
liquidity                                                                                                                                                                                         in millions commitments                            facility   outstanding letters of credit (no draw downs)         amount                        amount available at september 30, 2023
expiration date                          amount                                                         borrowed cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                                 $573
short-term investments                                                                                                                                                                      15
term loan facility               may 2026                            $1,000        $-                                                    $1,000                                              -
term loan facility               may 2028                750                       -                                                     -                                                 750
revolving credit facility        september 2026                       2,250        -                                                     -                                               2,250
commercial paper                                                                                                                                                                         (592)
total liquidity                                                                                                                                                                         $2,996
•liquidity includes cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and availability under our revolving credit and term loan facilities, less the outstanding commercial paper balance.
•at september 30, 2023, we had current debt of $1,895 million, which we intend to pay with cash generated from our operating activities and other existing or new liquidity sources.
•in fiscal 2023, we executed two new term loan facilities totaling $1.75 billion to refinance our short-term promissory notes ("commercial paper program") and for general corporate purposes. the first term loan facility totaling $1.0 billion matures on may 3, 2026 and we borrowed the full $1.0 billion available under this loan facility. the second term loan facility totaling $750 million matures on may 3, 2028 and at september 30, 2023, we had no outstanding borrowings under this facility. in november 2023, we borrowed the full $750 million available under the second term loan facility to refinance the outstanding commercial paper and for general corporate purposes.
•the revolving credit facility supports our short-term funding needs and also serves to backstop our commercial paper program. we had no borrowings under the revolving credit facility during fiscal 2023. under the terms of the facility, we have the option to establish incremental commitment increases of up to $500 million if certain conditions are met.
•we expect net interest expense will approximate $400 million for fiscal 2024.
•our ratio of short-term assets to short-term liabilities ("current ratio") was 1.3 to 1 and 1.8 to 1 at september 30, 2023, and october 1, 2022, respectively. the decrease in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to decreased cash and cash equivalents and increased current debt.
•at september 30, 2023, $539 million of our cash was held in the international accounts of our foreign subsidiaries. generally, we do not rely on the foreign cash as a source of funds to support our ongoing domestic liquidity needs. we manage our worldwide cash requirements by reviewing available funds among our foreign subsidiaries and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. we intend to repatriate any excess cash (net of applicable withholding taxes) not subject to regulatory requirements and to indefinitely reinvest outside of the united states the remainder of cash held by foreign subsidiaries. we do not expect the regulatory restrictions or taxes on repatriation to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial condition or the results of operations for the foreseeable future.
capital resources credit and term loan facilities cash flows from operating activities and cash on hand are our primary sources of liquidity for funding debt service, capital expenditures, dividends and share repurchases. we also have a revolving credit facility, with a committed capacity of $2.25 billion, to provide additional liquidity for working capital needs and to backstop our commercial paper program. additionally, we have $1.75 billion in committed term loan facilities of which $1.0 billion was drawn upon as of september 30, 2023.
at september 30, 2023, amounts available for borrowing under our revolving credit and term loan facilities totaled $3.0 billion. our revolving credit facility is funded by a syndicate of 20 banks, with commitments ranging from $35 million to $175 million per bank.
commercial paper program our commercial paper program provides a low-cost source of borrowing to fund general corporate purposes including working capital requirements. the maximum borrowing capacity under the commercial paper program is $1.5 billion. the maturities of the notes may vary, but may not exceed 397 days from the date of issuance. as of september 30, 2023, we had $592 million commercial paper outstanding under this program with maturities less than 20 days. our ability to access commercial paper in the future may be limited or its costs increased.
capitalization to monitor our credit ratings and our capacity for long-term financing, we consider various qualitative and quantitative factors. we monitor the ratio of our net debt to ebitda as support for our long-term financing decisions. at september 30, 2023, and october 1, 2022, the ratio of our net debt to ebitda was 9.1x and 1.3x, respectively. refer to other key financial measures below for an explanation and reconciliation to comparable generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") measures. the increase in this ratio at september 30, 2023 is due to an increase in net debt of $1,629 million and a decrease of $4,712 million in ebitda.
credit ratings term loan facility due may 2028
standard & poor's rating services', a standard & poor's financial services llc business ("s&p"), applicable rating is "bbb+". moody's investor service, inc.'s ("moody's") applicable rating is "baa2". the below table outlines the commitment fee on any unused borrowing capacity and the borrowing spread on the outstanding principal balance of our term loan facility due may 2028 that corresponds to the applicable ratings levels from s&p and moody's.
ratings level (moody's/s&amp;p)               commitment fee        borrowing spread baal/bbb+ or above (current level)              0.100      %           1.625       %
baa2/bbb                                        0.125      %           1.750       %
baa3/bbb- or lower                              0.175      %           1.875       %
term loan facility due may 2026
s&p applicable rating is "bbb+" and moody's applicable rating is "baa2". the below table outlines the borrowing spread on the outstanding principal balance of our term loan facility due may 2026 that corresponds to the applicable ratings levels from s&p and moody's.
ratings level (moody's/s&amp;p)             borrowing spread a2/a or above                                  0.875       %
a3/a-                                          1.000       %
baal/bbb+ (current level)                      1.125       %
baa2/bbb                                       1.250       %
baa3/bbb- or lower                             1.375       %
revolving credit facility s&p's applicable rating is "bbb+." moody's applicable rating is "baa2." the below table outlines the fees paid on the unused portion of the facility ("facility fee rate") and letter of credit fees and borrowings ("all-in borrowing spread") that corresponds to the applicable ratings levels from s&p and moody's.
ratings level (s&amp;p/moody's)            facility fee rate       all-in borrowing spread a2/a or above                                  0.700       %               0.875         %
a3/a-                                          0.090       %               1.000         %
baal/bbb+ (current level)                      0.100       %               1.125         %
baa2/bbb                                       0.125       %               1.250         %
baa3/bbb or lower                              0.175       %               1.375         %
in the event the ratings fall within different levels, the applicable rate will be based upon the higher of the two levels or, if there is more than a one-notch split between the two levels, then the applicable rate will be based upon the level that is one level below the higher level.
debt covenants our revolving credit and term loan facilities contain affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; merge, dissolve, liquidate or consolidate; make acquisitions and investments; dispose of or transfer assets; change the nature of our business; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and enter into hedging transactions, in each case, subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. in addition, we are required to maintain a minimum interest expense coverage ratio.
our senior notes also contain affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens; engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions; and engage in certain consolidations, mergers and sales of assets.
we were in compliance with all debt covenants at september 30, 2023 and expect that we will maintain compliance.
pension plans as further described in part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 15: pensions and other postretirement benefits, the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans is defined as the amount the projected benefit obligation exceeds the plan assets. the funded status of the plans is an underfunded position of $149 million at the end of fiscal 2023 as compared to an underfunded position of $159 million at the end of fiscal 2022. we contributed $13 million in fiscal 2023 and expect to contribute approximately $15 million of cash to our pension plans in fiscal 2024. the exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of factors, including minimum funding requirements. as a result, the actual funding in fiscal 2024 may be different from the estimate.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements material to our financial position or results of operations. the off-balance sheet arrangements we have are guarantees of obligations related to certain outside third parties, including leases, debt and livestock grower loans, and residual value guarantees covering certain operating leases for various types of equipment. see part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 20: commitments and contingencies for further discussion.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of september 30, 2023 (in millions):
payments due by period
2024                                                                 2025-2026                  2027-2028                 2029 and thereafter                    total debt principal payments (1)               $1,899                  $1,844                     $1,387                           $4,452                        $9,582
interest payments (2)                        416                     696                        481                            2,800                         4,393
guarantees (3)                                12                      34                         15                               24                            85
operating lease obligations (4)              171                     221                        100                               99                           591
purchase obligations (5)                     424                     444                        129                              149                         1,146
capital expenditures (6)                   1,067                     248                          -                                -                         1,315
other long-term liabilities (7)                -                       -                          -                                -                           842
total contractual commitments             $3,989                  $3,487                     $2,112                           $7,524                       $17,954
(1)in the event of a default on payment, acceleration of the principal payments could occur.
(2)interest payments include interest on all outstanding debt. payments are estimated for variable rate and variable term debt based on effective interest rates at september 30, 2023, and expected payment dates.
(3)amounts include guarantees of obligations related to certain outside third parties, which consist of leases, debt and livestock grower loans, all of which are substantially collateralized by the underlying assets, as well as residual value guarantees covering certain operating leases for various types of equipment. the amounts included are the maximum potential amount of future payments.
(4)for additional information regarding operating leases, refer to part ii, item 8, notes to the consolidated financial statements, note 6: leases.
(5)amounts include agreements with a remaining term in excess of one year to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. the purchase obligations amount included items, such as future purchase commitments for grains and livestock purchase contracts, that provide terms that meet the above criteria. for certain grain purchase commitments with a fixed quantity provision, we have assumed the future obligations under the commitment based on available commodity futures prices as published in observable active markets as of september 30, 2023. we have excluded future purchase commitments for contracts that do not meet these criteria. purchase orders are not included in the table, as a purchase order is an authorization to purchase and is cancellable. contracts for goods or services that contain termination clauses without penalty have also been excluded.
(6)amounts include estimated amounts to complete buildings and equipment under construction as of september 30, 2023.
(7)other long-term liabilities primarily consist of deferred compensation, deferred income, self-insurance and asset retirement obligations. we are unable to reliably estimate the amount and timing of the remaining payments beyond fiscal 2023; therefore, we have only included the total liability in the table above. we also have employee benefit obligations consisting of pensions and other postretirement benefits of $193 million that are excluded from the table above. a discussion of the company's pension and postretirement plans, including funding matters, is included in part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 15: pensions and other postretirement benefits.
in addition to the amounts shown above in the table, we have unrecognized tax benefits of $117 million and related interest and penalties of $50 million at september 30, 2023, recorded in other long-term liabilities.
the potential maximum contractual obligation associated with our cash flow assistance programs at september 30, 2023, based on the estimated fair values of the livestock supplier's net tangible assets on that date, aggregated to approximately $295 million. after analyzing residual credit risks and general market conditions, we have recorded an $8 million allowance for these programs' estimated credit losses at september 30, 2023.
other key financial measures the following are other key financial measures used by the company for the purposes of assessing performance and highlighting operational trends as well as our ability to generate earnings sufficient to service our debt:
in millions, except ratio data
2023                                                                                   2022                         2021
net income (loss)                                  $(649)                       $3,249                            $3,060
less: interest income                                (30)                         (17)                               (8)
add: interest expense                                 355                          365                               428
add/(less): income tax expense (benefit)             (29)                          900                               981
add: depreciation                                   1,100                          945                               934
add: amortization (a)                                 229                          246                               261
ebitda                                               $976                       $5,688                            $5,656
total gross debt                                   $9,506                       $8,321                       $9,348
less: cash and cash equivalents                     (573)                      (1,031)                      (2,507)
less: short-term investments                         (15)                          (1)                            -
total net debt                                     $8,918                       $7,289                       $6,841
ratio calculations:
gross debt/ebitda                                         9.7x                         1.5x                         1.7x net debt/ebitda                                           9.1x                         1.3x                         1.2x return on invested capital (b)                       (1.4   %)                    13.4    %                    13.3    %
total debt to capitalization (c)                     34.2    %                    29.6    %                    34.4    %
book value per share (d)                                $51.37                       $55.04                       $48.95
(a)excludes the amortization of debt issuance and debt discount expense of $10 million, $11 million, $19 million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as it is included in interest expense.
(b)return on invested capital is calculated by dividing after-tax operating income (loss), calculated by applying the company's effective tax rate to operating income (loss), by the average of beginning and ending total debt and shareholders' equity less cash and cash equivalents.
(c)for the total debt to capitalization calculation, capitalization is defined as total debt plus total shareholders' equity.
(d)book value per share is calculated by dividing shareholders' equity by the sum of class a and b shares outstanding.
ebitda is defined as net income (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. net debt to ebitda represents the ratio of our debt, net of cash and short-term investments, to ebitda. ebitda and net debt to ebitda are presented as supplemental financial measurements in the evaluation of our business. we believe the presentation of these financial measures helps investors to assess our operating performance from period to period, including our ability to generate earnings sufficient to service our debt, enhances understanding of our financial performance and highlights operational trends. these measures are widely used by investors and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison, rating and investment recommendations of companies; however, the measurements of ebitda and net debt to ebitda may not be comparable to those of other companies, which limits their usefulness as comparative measures. ebitda and net debt to ebitda are not measures required by or calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and should not be considered as substitutes for net income or any other measure of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap or as a measure of operating cash flow or liquidity. ebitda is a useful tool for assessing, but is not a reliable indicator of, our ability to generate cash to service our debt obligations because certain of the items added to net income to determine ebitda involve outlays of cash. as a result, actual cash available to service our debt obligations will be different from ebitda. investors should rely primarily on our gaap results, and use non-gaap financial measures only supplementally, in making investment decisions.
recently issued/adopted accounting pronouncements refer to the discussion under part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 1: business and summary of significant accounting policies and note 2: changes in accounting principles.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. actual results could differ from those estimates. the following is a summary of certain accounting estimates we consider critical. these estimates require levels of subjectivity and judgment, which could result in actual results differing from our estimates.
contingent liabilities description we are subject to lawsuits, investigations and other claims related to wage and hour/labor, antitrust, environmental, product, taxing authorities and other matters, and are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters, as well as potential ranges of probable losses.
a determination of the amount of reserves and disclosures required, if any, for these contingencies is made after considerable analysis of each individual issue. we accrue for contingent liabilities when an assessment of the risk of loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. we disclose contingent liabilities when the risk of loss is reasonably possible or probable.
judgments and uncertainties our contingent liabilities contain uncertainties because the eventual outcome will result from future events, and determination of current reserves requires estimates and judgments related to future changes in facts and circumstances, differing interpretations of the law and assessments of the amount of damages, and the effectiveness of strategies or other factors beyond our control.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our contingent liabilities during the past three fiscal years. as set forth in part ii, item 8, notes to the consolidated financial statements, note 20: commitments and contingencies, we recognized $156 million and $626 million of charges in fiscal 2023 and 2021, respectively, from legal accruals related to our broiler antitrust civil litigation, broiler chicken grower litigation, and wage rate litigation based on our assessment of the likelihood and amount of probable losses. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our contingent liabilities. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material.
revenue recognition description we recognize revenue for the sale of our product at the point in time when our performance obligation has been satisfied and control of the product has transferred to our customer, which generally occurs upon shipment or delivery to a customer based on terms of the sale. revenue is measured by the transaction price, which is defined as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for providing goods to customers. the transaction price is adjusted for estimates of known or expected variable consideration, which includes consumer incentives, trade promotions, and allowances, such as coupons, discounts, rebates, volume-based incentives, cooperative advertising, and other programs. variable consideration related to these programs is recorded as a reduction to revenue based on amounts we expect to pay.
judgments and uncertainties the transaction price contains estimates of known or expected variable consideration. we base these estimates on current performance, historical utilization, and projected redemption rates of each program. we review and update these estimates regularly until the incentives or product returns are realized and the impact of any adjustments are recognized in the period the adjustments are identified.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to recognize revenue. as noted above, estimates are made based on historical experience and other factors. typically, programs that are offered have a short duration, and historically, the difference between actual experience compared to estimated redemptions and performance has not been significant to the quarterly or annual financial statements. however, if the level of redemption rates or performance were to vary significantly from estimates, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to recognize revenue during the past three fiscal years.
accrued self-insurance description we are self-insured for certain losses related to health and welfare, workers' compensation, auto liability and general liability claims. we use an independent third-party actuary to assist in determining our self-insurance liability. we and the actuary consider a number of factors when estimating our self-insurance liability, including claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. we periodically review our estimates and assumptions with our third-party actuary to assist us in determining the adequacy of our self-insurance liability. our policy is to maintain an accrual at the actuarial estimated median.
judgments and uncertainties our self-insurance liability contains uncertainties due to assumptions required and judgments used. costs to settle our obligations, including legal and healthcare costs, could increase or decrease causing estimates of our self-insurance liability to change. incident rates, including frequency and severity, could increase or decrease causing estimates in our self-insurance liability to change.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our self-insurance liability during the past three fiscal years. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our self-insurance liability. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. a 10% change in the actuarial estimate at september 30, 2023, would not have a significant impact on our liability.
income taxes description we estimate total income tax expense based on statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us in various jurisdictions in which we earn income. income tax includes an estimate for withholding taxes on earnings of foreign subsidiaries expected to be remitted but does not include an estimate for taxes on earnings considered to be indefinitely invested in the foreign subsidiary. deferred income taxes are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting using tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. valuation allowances are recorded when it is likely a tax benefit will not be realized for a deferred tax asset. we record unrecognized tax benefit liabilities for known or anticipated tax issues based on our analysis of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due.
judgments and uncertainties changes in projected future earnings could affect the recorded valuation allowances in the future. our calculations related to income taxes contain uncertainties due to judgment used to calculate tax liabilities in the application of complex tax regulations across the tax jurisdictions where we operate. our analysis of unrecognized tax benefits contains uncertainties based on judgment used to apply the more likely than not recognition and measurement thresholds.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions due to the complexity of some of these judgments and uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from the current estimate of the tax liabilities. to the extent we prevail in matters for which unrecognized tax benefit liabilities have been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our recorded unrecognized tax benefit liabilities, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement would require use of our cash and generally result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement would generally be recognized as a reduction in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. changes in tax laws and rates could affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. other than those potential impacts, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the tax related balances or valuation allowances.
defined benefit pension plans description we sponsor four defined benefit pension plans that provide retirement benefits to certain team members. we also participate in a multi-employer plan that provides defined benefits to certain team members covered by collective bargaining agreements. such plans are usually administered by a board of trustees composed of the management of the participating companies and labor representatives. we use independent third-party actuaries to assist us in determining our pension obligations and net periodic benefit cost. we and the actuaries review assumptions that include estimates of the present value of the projected future pension payment to all plan participants, taking into consideration the likelihood of potential future events such as salary increases and demographic experience. we accumulate and amortize the effect of actuarial gains and losses over future periods. net periodic benefit cost for the defined benefit pension plans was $6 million in fiscal 2023. the projected benefit obligation was $176 million at the end of fiscal 2023. unrecognized actuarial gain was $13 million at the end of fiscal 2023. we currently expect net periodic benefit cost associated with our pension plans to be approximately $7 million in fiscal 2024. we expect to contribute approximately $15 million of cash to our pension plans in fiscal 2024. the exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of factors, including minimum funding requirements.
judgments and uncertainties our defined benefit pension plans contain uncertainties due to assumptions required and judgments used. the key assumptions used in developing the required estimates include such factors as discount rates, expected returns on plan assets, retirement rates, and mortality. these assumptions can have a material impact upon the funded status and the net periodic benefit cost. the expected liquidation of certain plans has been considered along with these assumptions. the discount rates were determined using a cash flow matching technique whereby the rates of a yield curve, developed from high-quality debt securities, were applied to the benefit obligations to determine the appropriate discount rate. in determining the long-term rate of return on plan assets, we first examined historical rates of return for the various asset classes within the plans. we then determined a long-term projected rate-of-return based on expected returns. investment, management and other fees paid out of plan assets are factored into the determination of asset return assumptions. retirement rates are based primarily on actual plan experience, while standard actuarial tables are used to estimate mortality. it is reasonably likely that changes in external factors will result in changes to the assumptions used to measure pension obligations and net periodic benefit cost in future periods.
the risks of participating in multi-employer plans are different from single-employer plans. the net pension cost of the multi-employer plans is equal to the annual contribution determined in accordance with the provisions of negotiated labor contracts. assets contributed to such plans are not segregated or otherwise restricted to provide benefits only to our team members. the future cost of these plans is dependent on a number of factors including the funded status of the plans and the ability of the other participating companies to meet ongoing funding obligations.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our pension obligations and net periodic benefit cost during the past three fiscal years. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our pension obligations and net periodic benefit cost. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, they are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore generally affect the net periodic benefit cost in future periods. a 1% change in the discount rate at september 30, 2023, would not have a significant impact on the projected benefit obligation or net periodic benefit cost. a 1% change in the return on plan assets at september 30, 2023, would not have a significant impact on net periodic benefit cost. the sensitivities reflect the impact of changing one assumption at a time with the remaining assumptions held constant. economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and the effect of changes in assumptions are not necessarily linear.
impairment of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets description goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are evaluated for impairment annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite life intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. we have elected to make the first day of the fourth quarter the annual impairment assessment date for goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets. however, we could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets outside of the required annual assessment if, among other things, we experience disruptions to the business, unexpected significant declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant component of the business, sustained decline in market capitalization or significant changes in macro-economic factors such as increased interest and discount rates.
we evaluate goodwill for impairment by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative goodwill test is necessary. if it is determined, based on qualitative factors, the fair value of the reporting unit may more likely than not be less than its carrying amount or if significant changes to macro-economic factors related to the reporting unit have occurred that could materially impact fair value, a quantitative goodwill impairment test would be required. the quantitative test compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. additionally, we can elect to forgo the qualitative assessment and perform the quantitative test. upon performing the quantitative test, if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill.
for indefinite life intangible assets, a qualitative assessment can also be performed to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates it is more likely than not an intangible asset is impaired. similar to goodwill, we can also elect to forgo the qualitative test for indefinite life intangible assets and perform the quantitative test. upon performing the quantitative test, if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.
judgments and uncertainties we estimate the fair value of our reporting units considering the use of various valuation techniques, with the primary technique being an income approach (discounted cash flow method) and another technique being a market approach (guideline public company method), which use significant unobservable inputs, or level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value hierarchy. we include assumptions about sales growth, operating margins, discount rates and valuation multiples which consider our budgets, business plans, economic projections and marketplace data, and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. assumptions are also made for varying growth rates for periods beyond the long-term business plan period. generally, we utilize operating margin assumptions based on future expectations, macro-economic trends, operating margins historically realized in the reporting units' industries and industry marketplace valuation multiples. we consider reporting units that have 20% or less excess fair value over carrying amount to have a heightened risk of impairment. our fiscal 2022 and 2021 goodwill impairment analyses did not result in impairment charges.
during the third quarter of fiscal 2023, we experienced lower than previously anticipated operating results and changing market fundamentals, as well as a drop in our market capitalization to below book value. consequently, based on our qualitative assessment, we determined it was necessary to perform a quantitative assessment for all of our reporting units. based on this assessment, we determined that all of our reporting units' estimated fair values exceeded their carrying values other than one of our chicken segment reporting units and two of our international/other reporting units. for these reporting units, we recognized a $448 million goodwill impairment charge including $210 million to partially impair the goodwill of a chicken segment reporting unit and $238 million to fully impair the goodwill of two of our international/other reporting units.
we performed our annual impairment assessment as of the first day of our fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 and determined it was necessary to perform quantitative assessments for our beef, pork and two chicken segment reporting units, as all of these reporting units were at heightened risk of impairment following the third quarter assessment. based on this assessment, we determined that our beef, pork and two chicken reporting units' estimated fair values exceeded their carrying value, and thus, it did not result in any additional goodwill impairments.
however, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we experienced an increase in long-term treasury rates which caused a net 50 basis point increase in the discount rates used in estimating the fair value of the reporting units. consequently, because of our qualitative assessment, we determined it was necessary to perform a quantitative assessment for our beef, pork and two chicken segment reporting units as of september 30, 2023. based on this quantitative assessment, we determined that our pork and two chicken segment reporting units' estimated fair values exceeded their carrying values. the fair value of our beef reporting unit, which had $676 million of goodwill at the time of the assessment, did not exceed its carrying value. for the beef reporting unit, the increased discount rate resulted in a decrease in its estimated fair value to below its carrying value. accordingly, we recognized a $333 million goodwill impairment charge to partially impair its goodwill. following the september 30, 2023 assessment, our beef, pork and two chicken segment reporting units, with total goodwill of approximately $3.8 billion, are at heightened risk of impairment.
our beef segment reporting unit had goodwill of $0.3 billion at september 30, 2023, after the impairment. in estimating its fair value, we generally assumed operating margins in future years would normalize over time as we believe this is consistent with market participant views in an exit transaction. the current year results are not indicative of future market participant expectations in an exit transaction primarily due to challenging market conditions associated with lower cattle supplies which impacts we expect to be mostly temporary in nature. the beef reporting unit's goodwill was written down to its fair value resulting in no excess fair value over carrying amount as of september 30, 2023. any increase in the discount rate or reduced estimated long-term operating margins to below 2.0%-3.0% (breakeven), with all other assumptions unchanged, would have caused the carrying value of this reporting unit to exceed its fair value, which may have resulted in an additional material goodwill impairment loss.
our pork segment reporting unit had goodwill at september 30, 2023 of $0.4 billion. we generally assumed operating margins in future years would normalize over time as we believe this is consistent with market participant views in an exit transaction. had we assumed future operating margins consistent with those in fiscal 2023, we would have failed the impairment quantitative tests, which may have resulted in material goodwill impairment losses. the current year results are not indicative of future market participant expectations in an exit transaction primarily due to challenging market conditions associated with higher availability of live hogs supplies during a period of reduced global demand and compressed pork margins which impacts we expect to be mostly temporary in nature. to pass the impairment quantitative tests, projected long-term operating margins, utilizing the discounted cash flow method, had to average approximately 4.0%-5.0% (breakeven). additionally, a hypothetical increase in the discount rate of approximately 10-25 basis points at september 30, 2023, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have caused the carrying value of this reporting unit to exceed its fair value, which may have resulted in a material goodwill impairment loss.
our chicken segment reporting units had goodwill at september 30, 2023 of $3.1 billion. we generally assumed operating margins in future years would normalize over time as we believe this is consistent with market participant views in an exit transaction. had we assumed future operating margins consistent with those realized in fiscal 2023, we would have failed the impairment quantitative test, which may have resulted in material goodwill impairment losses. the current year results are not indicative of future market participant expectations in an exit transaction primarily due to challenging market conditions associated with excess domestic supply impacts, losses incurred associated with derivatives, legal contingencies, and restructuring, which impacts we expect to be mostly temporary in nature. to pass the impairment quantitative test, projected long-term operating margins, utilizing the discounted cash flow method, had to average approximately 5.0%-6.0% (breakeven). additionally, a hypothetical increase in the discount rate of approximately 25-50 basis points at september 30, 2023, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have caused the carrying values of the chicken segment's reporting units to approximate its fair value, which may have resulted in a material goodwill impairment loss.
our remaining reporting units had goodwill of $6.0 billion at september 30, 2023, and were not considered at heightened risk of impairment as of the date of its most recent estimated fair value determination which was in the third quarter of fiscal 2023. a hypothetical increase in the discount rate of approximately 125-150 basis points as of the date of its most recent estimated fair value determination, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have caused the carrying value of the prepared foods reporting unit, with goodwill of $5.9 billion at september 30, 2023, to approximate its fair value. discount rates utilized in the discounted cash flow method have increased approximately 50 basis points since the third quarter of fiscal 2023 assessment through september 30, 2023.
the fair value of our indefinite life intangible assets is calculated principally using multi-period excess earnings and relief-from-royalty valuation approaches, which uses significant unobservable inputs, or level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value hierarchy, and is believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. under these valuation approaches, we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales growth, operating margins, royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. we consider indefinite life intangible assets that have 20% or less excess fair value over carrying amount to have a heightened risk of impairment. our fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 indefinite life intangible assets impairment analyses did not result in an impairment charge.
all of our indefinite life intangible assets estimated fair values exceeded their carrying values by more than 20% at the date of the most recent estimated fair value determination, which was in the annual assessment as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, other than two of our prepared foods brands with carrying values of $0.5 billion and $0.3 billion at september 30, 2023. for the brand with a carrying value $0.5 billion, a hypothetical increase in the discount rate of approximately 50 basis points as of the date of the most recent estimated fair value, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have caused the carrying value to approximate its fair value. for the brand with a carrying value $0.3 billion, a hypothetical increase in the discount rate of approximately 100 basis points as of the date of the most recent estimated fair value, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have caused the carrying value to approximate its fair value. we generally assumed operating margins and growth rates in future years would normalize over time as we believe this is consistent with market participant views in an exit transaction. had we assumed future operating margins and growth rates consistent with those realized in fiscal 2023, we would have failed the impairment quantitative test, which may have resulted in material impairment losses. the current year results are not indicative of future market participant expectations in an exit transaction primarily due to the impacts of rapid inflationary pressures and volatile market conditions which impacts we expect to be mostly temporary in nature. we do not currently consider any of our other indefinite life intangible assets, which had aggregate carrying value of $3.3 billion at september 30, 2023, to be at heightened risk of impairment.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions we have not made material changes in the accounting methodology used to evaluate impairment of goodwill and intangible assets during the last three years.
our impairment analysis contains inherent estimates and assumptions, many of which are outside the control of management including interest rates, cost of capital, tax rates, market ebitda comparables and credit ratings, which could positively or negatively impact the anticipated future economic and operating conditions. the assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value require considerable judgement and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions. these assumptions can change in future periods as a result of overall economic conditions, including the impacts of inflationary pressures, increased interest and discount rates, global supply chain constraints and decreased market capitalization, amongst others. as a result, there can be no assurance that estimates and assumptions made for the purpose of assessing impairments will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future. potential circumstances that could have a negative effect on the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite life intangible assets include, but are not limited to, lower than forecasted growth rates or operating margins and changes in discount rates. a reduction in the estimated fair value of the reporting units and indefinite life intangible assets could trigger an impairment in the future. we cannot predict the occurrence of certain events or changes in circumstances that might adversely affect the carrying value of our goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets.
we continuously evaluate the changing macro-economic conditions including inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, demand outlook and export markets as well as the company's decreased market capitalization. our reporting units with heightened risk of future impairments with $3.8 billion carrying value at september 30, 2023, as well as the brand with $0.5 billion carrying value, as described above, all have less than 10% of excess fair value above carrying value as of the date of the most recent estimated fair value determination. consequently, their estimated fair values remain highly sensitive to future discount rate increases, changing macro-economic conditions and achievement of projected long-term operating margins. discount rates increased by approximately 50 basis points from the date of our annual impairment assessment to september 30, 2023. although the remaining reporting units and indefinite life intangible assets generally had more than 20% excess fair value over carrying amount as of the date of the most recent estimated fair value determination, they are also susceptible to impairments if any assumptions, estimates, or market factors significantly change in the future.
impairment of long-lived assets and definite life intangibles description long-lived assets and definite life intangibles are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. examples include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which we use the asset, a change in its physical condition, or an unexpected change in financial performance.
when evaluating long-lived assets and definite life intangibles for impairment, we compare the carrying value of the asset to the asset's estimated undiscounted future cash flows. an impairment is indicated if the estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset group. for assets held for sale, we compare the carrying value of the disposal group to fair value. the impairment is the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the asset.
we recorded charges related to long-lived assets of $101 million, $34 million and $60 million, in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
judgments and uncertainties our impairment analysis contains uncertainties due to judgment in assumptions, including useful lives and intended use of assets, observable market valuations, forecasted sales growth, operating margins, royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data that reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows to determine fair value.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to evaluate the impairment of long-lived assets or definite life intangibles during the last three fiscal years. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate impairments or useful lives of long-lived assets or definite life intangibles. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate estimated future cash flows, we may be exposed to impairment losses that could be material. we periodically conduct projects to strategically evaluate optimization of such items as network capacity, manufacturing efficiencies and business technology. if we have a significant change in strategies, outlook, or a manner in which we plan to use these assets, we may be exposed to future impairments.
business combinations description we account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that once control of a business is obtained, 100% of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including amounts attributed to noncontrolling interests, be recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.
we use various models to determine the value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed such as net realizable value to value inventory, cost method and market approach to value property, relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings to value intangibles and discounted cash flow to value goodwill.
for significant acquisitions we may use independent third-party valuation specialists to assist us in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
judgments and uncertainties significant judgment is often required in estimating the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, particularly intangible assets. we make estimates and assumptions about projected future cash flows including sales growth, operating margins, attrition rates, and discount rates based on historical results, business plans, expected synergies, perceived risk and marketplace data considering the perspective of marketplace participants.
determining the useful life of an intangible asset also requires judgment as different types of intangible assets will have different useful lives and certain assets may be considered to have indefinite useful lives.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions while management believes those expectations and assumptions are reasonable, they are inherently uncertain. unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions, which could result in subsequent impairments. for more information regarding business combinations, refer to part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 3: acquisitions and dispositions.
