item 1a.    risk factors.
any of the risks and uncertainties described below could significantly and negatively affect our business operations, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline significantly. additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or risks that we currently consider immaterial, could also impair our business operations, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings.
strategic and business development risks we may not be successful in executing elements of our strategic operating plan, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial results and market capitalization.
united next, the company's strategic operating plan, includes firm orders of over 700 narrow and widebody aircraft, retrofitting plans and plans to increase mainline daily departures and available seats across the company's north american network. in developing our united next plan, we made certain assumptions including, but not limited to, customer demand (in light of changing economic conditions), fuel costs, delivery of aircraft, aircraft certification approval timelines, labor market constraints and related costs, supply chain constraints, inflationary pressures, voluntary or mandatory groundings of aircraft, our regional network, competition, market consolidation and other macroeconomic and geopolitical factors. we also subsequently adjusted certain of our assumptions as a result of the increase in costs due to infrastructure improvements, new labor contracts and aircraft maintenance that were needed to support our united next plan as well as the expected delay in 737 max 10 aircraft deliveries. actual conditions may be different from our assumptions at any time and could cause the company to further adjust its strategic operating plan. in addition, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully execute our strategic plan, that the growth that we anticipate will occur through execution of our strategic plan will not exacerbate any other risk described in this form 10-k (especially relating to fuel costs, the impact of economic pressures or geopolitical events, our supply chain or our ability to attract, train and retain talent), that our strategic plan will not result in additional unanticipated costs, that our suppliers will timely provide adequate products or support for our products (including but not limited to certification and delivery of aircraft) or that our strategic plan will result in improvements in future financial performance. if we do not successfully execute our united next or other strategic plans, or if actual results vary significantly from our expectations, our business, operating results, financial condition and market capitalization could be materially and adversely impacted. the failure to successfully structure our business to meet market conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
changes in the company's network strategy over time or other factors outside of the company's control may make aircraft on order less economic for the company, result in costs related to modification or termination of aircraft orders or cause the company to enter into orders for new aircraft on less favorable terms, and any inability to accept or integrate new aircraft into the company's fleet as planned could increase costs or affect the company's flight schedules.
the company's orders for new aircraft are typically made years in advance of actual delivery of such aircraft and the financial commitment required for purchases of new aircraft is substantial. as a result of our network strategy changing or our demand expectations not being realized, our preference for the aircraft that we previously ordered may decrease; however, the company may be responsible for material liabilities to its counterparties if it were to attempt to modify or terminate any of its existing aircraft order commitments and our financial condition could be adversely impacted. these risks are heightened as a result of the company's sizeable united next aircraft orders. additionally, the company may have a need for additional aircraft that are not available under its existing orders and may seek to acquire aircraft from other sources, such as through lease arrangements, which may result in higher costs or less favorable terms, or through the purchase or lease of used aircraft. the company may not be able to acquire such aircraft when needed on favorable terms or at all.
furthermore, if, for any reason, the company is unable or does not want to accept deliveries of new aircraft or integrate such new aircraft into its fleet as planned, the company may face higher financing and operating costs than planned or litigation risks and may be required to seek extensions of the terms for certain leased aircraft or otherwise delay the exit of other aircraft from its fleet. unanticipated extensions or delays may require the company to operate existing aircraft beyond the point at which it is economically optimal to retire them, resulting in increased maintenance costs, or reductions to the company's schedule, thereby reducing revenues.
the imposition of new tariffs, or any increase in existing tariffs, on the importation of commercial aircraft that the company orders may also result in higher costs.
failure to effectively manage acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions could adversely impact our operating results. in addition, any businesses or assets that we acquire in the future increase our exposure to unknown liabilities or other issues and also may underperform as compared to expectations.
an important part of the company's strategy to expand its global network and operate an environmentally sustainable and responsible airline has included making significant investments, both domestically and in other parts of the world, including in other airlines and other aviation industry participants, producers of saf and manufacturers of electric and other new generation aircraft. for instance, the company plans to continue to make additional investments through its corporate venture capital arm, uav and as a limited partner of the fund. however, since there are a limited number of potential arrangements, and other airlines and industry participants seek to enter into similar relationships, this may make it difficult for the company to complete strategic investments on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
these investments are inherently risky and may not be successful. future revenues, profits and cash flows of these and future investments and repayment of invested or loaned funds may not materialize due to safety concerns, regulatory issues, supply chain constraints or other factors beyond our control. where we acquire debt or equity securities as all or part of the consideration for business development activities, such as in connection with a joint venture, the value of those securities will fluctuate and may depreciate in value. we may not control the companies in which we make investments and, as a result, we will have limited ability to determine their management, operational decisions, internal controls and compliance and other policies, which can result in additional financial and reputational risks. further, acquisitions and investments create exposure to assumed litigation and unknown liabilities, as well as undetected internal control, regulatory compliance or other issues, or additional costs not anticipated at the time the transaction was completed, and our due diligence efforts may not identify such liabilities or issues, or they may not be disclosed to us.
from time to time, we also divest assets. we may not be successful in separating any such assets, and losses on the divestiture of, or lost operating income from, such assets may adversely affect our earnings. any divestitures also may result in continued financial exposure to the divested businesses following the transaction, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements or potential litigation.
in addition, we have incurred, and may again in the future incur, asset impairment charges related to acquisitions, divestitures, investments or joint ventures that have the effect of reducing our earnings. moreover, new or revised accounting standards, rules and interpretations could result in changes to the recognition of income and expense that may materially and adversely affect our financial results.
if the execution or implementation of acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions is not successful, it could adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. in addition, due to the company's substantial amount of debt, there are certain limitations on the company's business development capacity. further, pursuing these opportunities may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing and could result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings.
business, operational and industry risks the company could experience adverse publicity, harm to its brand, reduced travel demand, potential tort liability and operational restrictions as a result of an accident, catastrophe or incident involving its aircraft or its operations or the aircraft or operations of another airline, which may result in a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results or financial condition.
an accident, catastrophe or incident involving an aircraft that the company operates, or an aircraft or aircraft type that is operated by another airline, or an incident involving the company's operations, or the operations of another airline, could have a material adverse effect on the company if such accident, catastrophe or incident created a public perception that the company's operations, or the operations of its codeshare partners or regional carriers, are not safe or reliable, or are less safe or reliable than other airlines. further, any such accident, catastrophe or incident involving the company, its regional carriers or its codeshare partners could expose the company to significant liability. although the company currently maintains liability insurance in amounts and of the type the company believes to be consistent with industry practice to cover damages arising from any such accident, catastrophe or incident, and the company's codeshare partners and regional carriers carry similar insurance and generally indemnify the company for their operations, if the company's liability exceeds the applicable policy limits or the ability of another carrier to indemnify it, the company could incur substantial losses from an accident, catastrophe or incident, which may result in a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results or financial condition. in addition, any such accident, catastrophe or incident involving the company, its regional carriers or its codeshare partners could result in operational restrictions on the company, including voluntary or mandatory groundings of aircraft. voluntary or involuntary groundings have also impacted, and could in the future impact, the company's financial results and operations in numerous ways, including reduced revenue, redistributions of other aircraft and deferrals of capital expenditure and other spending. for example, in january 2024, the faa issued an emergency airworthiness directive suspending service of all boeing 737 max 9 aircraft operated by u.s. airlines, resulting in the grounding of all 79 of the company's boeing 737 max 9 aircraft, which has negatively impacted the company's financial performance in the first quarter of 2024. previously, in february 2021, the faa issued an emergency airworthiness directive regarding certain boeing 777 pratt & whitney powered aircraft, which required the company to keep more than 50 aircraft out of service until required repairs were made to improve the safety of the engines. a prolonged period of time operating a reduced fleet in these circumstances could result in a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results or financial condition.
the global airline industry is highly competitive and susceptible to price discounting and changes in capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
the airline industry is highly competitive, marked by significant competition with respect to routes, fares, schedules (both timing and frequency), services, products, customer service and frequent flyer programs. consolidation in the airline industry, the rise of well-funded government sponsored international carriers, changes in international alliances, swaps of landing and slots and the creation of immunized jbas have altered and are expected to continue to alter the competitive landscape in the industry, resulting in the formation of airlines and alliances with increased financial resources, more extensive global networks and services and competitive cost structures. open skies agreements, including the longstanding agreements between the united states and each of the eu, canada, japan, korea, new zealand, australia, colombia and panama, as well as the more recent agreements between the united states and each of mexico, brazil and the uk, may also give rise to better integration opportunities among international carriers. movement of airlines between current global airline alliances could reduce joint network coverage for members of such alliances while also creating opportunities for jbas and bilateral alliances that did not exist before such realignment. further airline and airline alliance consolidations or reorganizations could occur in the future, and other airlines participating in such activities may significantly improve their cost structures or revenue generation capabilities, thereby potentially making them stronger competitors of the company and impairing the company's ability to realize expected benefits from its own strategic relationships.
airlines also compete by increasing or decreasing their capacity, including route systems and the number of destinations served. several of the company's domestic and international competitors have increased their international capacity by including service to some destinations that the company currently serves, causing overlap in destinations served and, therefore, increasing competition for those destinations. this increased competition in both domestic and international markets may have a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results and financial condition.
the company's u.s. operations are subject to competition from traditional network carriers, national point-to-point carriers and discount carriers, including low-cost carriers and ultra-low-cost carriers that may have lower costs and provide service at lower fares to destinations also served by the company. the significant presence of low-cost carriers and ultra-low-cost carriers, which engage in substantial price discounting, may diminish our ability to achieve sustained profitability on domestic and international routes and has also caused us to reduce fares for certain routes, resulting in lower yields on many domestic markets. our ability to compete in the domestic market effectively depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a competitive cost structure. if we cannot maintain our costs at a competitive level, then our business, operating results and financial condition could continue to be materially and adversely affected. in addition, our competitors have established new routes and destinations, including some at our hub airports, which may compete with our existing routes and destinations and expansion plans.
our international operations are subject to competition from both foreign and domestic carriers. for instance, competition is significant from government-subsidized competitors from certain middle east countries. these carriers have large numbers of international widebody aircraft on order and are increasing service to the u.s. from their hubs in the middle east. the government support provided to these carriers has allowed them to grow quickly, reinvest in their product, invest in other airlines and expand their global presence. we also face competition from foreign carriers operating under "fifth freedom" rights permitted under international treaties that allow certain carriers to provide service to and from stopover points between their home countries and ultimate destinations, including points in the united states, in competition with service provided by us.
through alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements with foreign carriers, u.s. carriers have increased their ability to sell international transportation, such as services to and beyond traditional global gateway cities. similarly, foreign carriers have obtained increased access to interior u.s. passenger traffic beyond traditional u.s. gateway cities through these relationships. in addition, several jbas among u.s. and foreign carriers have received grants of antitrust immunity allowing the participating carriers to coordinate schedules, pricing, sales and inventory. if we are not able to continue participating in these types of alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements in the future, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
our mileageplus frequent flyer program benefits from the attractiveness and competitiveness of united airlines as a material purchaser of award miles and the majority recipient for mileage redemption. if we are not able to maintain a competitive and attractive airline business, our ability to acquire, engage and retain customers in the loyalty program may be adversely affected, which could adversely affect the loyalty program's and our operating results and financial condition.
further, our mileageplus frequent flyer program also faces significant and increasing direct competition from the frequent flyer programs offered by other airlines, as well as from similar loyalty programs offered by banks and other financial services companies. competition among loyalty programs is intense regarding customer acquisition incentives, the value and utility of program currency, rewards range and value, fees, required usage, and other terms and conditions of these programs. if we are not able to maintain a competitive frequent flyer program, our ability to attract and retain customers to mileageplus and united alike may be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
substantially all of the company's aircraft, engines and certain parts are sourced from a limited number of suppliers; therefore, the company would be materially and adversely affected if it were unable to obtain timely deliveries, additional equipment or support from any of these suppliers.
the company currently sources substantially all of its aircraft and many related aircraft parts from the boeing company ("boeing") or airbus s.a.s. ("airbus"). in addition, our aircraft suppliers are dependent on other suppliers for certain other aircraft parts. therefore, if the company is unable to acquire additional aircraft at acceptable prices from boeing or airbus, or if boeing or airbus fails to make timely deliveries of aircraft (whether as a result of increased faa oversight of the production process, any failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval or certification for new model aircraft, such as the 737 max 10 aircraft, which has not received a type certificate from the faa, manufacturing delays or otherwise) or to provide adequate support for its products, including with respect to the aircraft subject to firm orders under our united next plan, the company's operations could be materially and adversely affected. for example, due to the delay of the certification of the 737 max 10 aircraft and continued supply chain issues, the company currently expects a reduction in deliveries from boeing during the next couple of years, which has caused the company to rework its fleet plan and may impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the company is also dependent on a limited number of suppliers for engines and certain other aircraft parts and could, therefore, also be materially and adversely affected in the event of the unavailability or increased cost of these engines and other aircraft parts.
many of our suppliers are experiencing inflationary pressures, as well as disruptions due to the lingering impacts of global supply chain and labor market constraints and related costs. if one or more of our suppliers, our contractors or their subcontractors continue to experience financial difficulties, delivery delays or other performance problems, they may be unable to meet their commitments to us and our financial position, results of operations and cash flows may continue to be adversely impacted.
disruptions to our regional network and united express flights provided by third-party regional carriers could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
while the company has contractual relationships that are material to its business with various regional carriers to provide regional aircraft service branded as united express that include contractually agreed performance metrics, each regional carrier is a separately certificated commercial air carrier, and the company does not control the operations of these carriers. a number of factors may impact the company's regional network, including weather-related effects, seasonality, equipment or software failures and cybersecurity attacks and any significant declines in demand for air travel services.
in addition, the decrease in qualified pilots driven primarily by changes to federal regulations has adversely impacted and could continue to adversely impact the company's regional flying. for example, the faa's expansion of minimum pilot qualification standards, including a requirement that a pilot have at least 1,500 total flight hours, as well as the faa's revised pilot flight and duty time requirements under part 117 of the federal aviation regulations, have contributed to a smaller supply of pilots available to regional carriers. the decrease in qualified pilots resulting from the regulations as well as other factors, including a decreased student pilot population and a shrinking u.s. military from which to hire qualified pilots, has led to increased competition from large, mainline carriers attempting to meet their hiring needs and has adversely impacted our regional carriers. united express regional carriers have been unable to hire adequate numbers of pilots to meet their needs, resulting in a reduction in the number of flights offered, disruptions in scheduled flights, increased costs of operations, financial difficulties and other adverse effects and these circumstances may become more severe in the future and could cause a material adverse effect on our business. in response, the company has been and may in the future be required to provide additional financial compensation and other support to its regional carriers or reduce its regional carrier flying, which could require the company to fly routes at a greater cost, reduce the number of destinations the company is able to serve or lead to negative public perceptions of the company.
disruptions to our regional networks, the pilot shortage or other factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
unfavorable economic and political conditions, in the united states and globally, may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
the company's business and operating results are significantly impacted by u.s. and global economic and political conditions. the airline industry is highly cyclical and the level of demand for air travel is correlated to the strength of the u.s. and global economies, including the strength of the domestic and foreign economies, unemployment levels, consumer confidence levels and the availability of consumer and business credit. air transportation is often a discretionary purchase that leisure travelers may limit or eliminate during difficult economic times. short-haul travelers, in particular, have the option to replace air travel with surface travel. in addition, during periods of unfavorable economic conditions, business travelers historically have reduced the volume of their travel, either due to cost-saving initiatives, the replacement of travel with alternatives such as videoconferencing or as a result of decreased business activity requiring travel. furthermore, an increase in price levels generally or in price levels in a particular sector (such as current rising inflationary pressures related to domestic and global supply chain constraints, which have led to both overall price increases and pronounced price increases in certain sectors) could result in a shift in consumer demand away from both leisure and business travel. reduced or flat consumer spending may drive us and our competitors to reduce or offer promotional prices, which would negatively impact our gross margin. any of the foregoing would adversely affect the company's business and operating results. significant declines in industry passenger demand, particularly with respect to the company's business and premium cabin travelers and a reduction in fare levels, as well as the continuing slow return of business travel demand to pre-covid-19 levels, could lead to a material reduction in revenue, changes to the company's operations and deferrals of capital expenditure and other spending. additionally, any deterioration in global trade relations, such as increased tariffs or other trade barriers, could result in a decrease in the demand for international air travel.
the company's business relies extensively on third-party service providers, including certain technology providers. failure of these parties to perform as expected, or interruptions in the company's relationships with these providers or their provision of services to the company, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results and financial condition.
the company has engaged third-party service providers to perform a large number of functions that are integral to its business, including regional operations, operation of customer service call centers, distribution and sale of airline seat inventory, provision of information technology infrastructure and services, transmitting or uploading of data, provision of aircraft maintenance and repairs, provision of various utilities and performance of airport ground services, aircraft fueling operations, catering services and air cargo handling services, among other vital functions and services. although generally the company enters into agreements that define expected service performance and compliance requirements, there can be no assurance that our third-party service providers will adhere to these requirements. accordingly, any of these third-party service providers may materially fail to meet their service performance commitments to the company or may suffer disruptions to their systems, labor groups or supply chains that could impact their services. for example, failures in certain third-party technology or communications systems may cause flight delays or cancellations. the failure of any of the company's third-party service providers to perform their service obligations adequately, or other interruptions of services, may reduce the company's revenues and increase its expenses, prevent the company from operating its flights and providing other services to its customers or result in adverse publicity or harm to our brand. we may also be subject to consequences from any illegal conduct of our third-party service providers, including for their failure to comply with anti-corruption laws, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act. in addition, the company's business and financial performance could be materially harmed if its customers believe that its services are unreliable or unsatisfactory.
the company may also have disagreements with such third-party providers and related contracts may be terminated or may not be extended or renewed. for example, the number of flight reservations booked through third-party gdss or otas may be adversely affected by disruptions in the business relationships between the company and these suppliers. such disruptions, including a failure to agree upon acceptable contract terms when contracts expire or otherwise become subject to renegotiation, may cause the company's flight information to be limited or unavailable for display by the affected gds or ota operator, significantly increase fees for both the company and gds/ota users and impair the company's relationships with its customers and travel agencies. any such disruptions or contract terminations may adversely impact our operations and financial results.
if we are not able to negotiate or renew agreements with third-party service providers, or if we renew existing agreements on less favorable terms, our operations and financial results may be adversely affected.
extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports where we operate could have a material adverse impact on our operations, including our ability to operate our existing flight schedule and to expand or change our route network in the future, and space, facility and infrastructure constraints at our hubs or other airports may prevent the company from maintaining existing service and/or implementing new service in a commercially viable manner.
the airline industry is heavily dependent on business models that concentrate operations in major airports in the united states and throughout the world. an extended interruption or disruption at one of our hubs or other airports where we have a significant presence resulting from atc delays, weather conditions, natural disasters, growth constraints, relationships with or the performance of third-party service providers, cybersecurity incidents and other failures of computer systems, disruptions to government agencies or personnel (including as a result of government shutdowns), regulatory changes, disruptions at airport facilities or other key facilities used by us to manage our operations, labor relations and market constraints, power supplies, fuel supplies, terrorist activities, international hostilities or other factors could result in the cancellation or delay of a significant portion of our flights and, as a result, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. for example, we perform significant aircraft and engine maintenance operations at our sfo airport hub and any disruption or interruption at our sfo hub could have a serious impact on our overall operations. we have minimal control over the operation, quality or maintenance of these services or whether our suppliers will improve or continue to provide services that are essential to our business. for example, because we prioritize operational excellence and continually work to optimize our route network and schedule, in light of the industry-wide operational challenges at airports in our network that have limited our system-wide capacity (two of the more prominent examples being the grounding of a number of the company's transatlantic flights in response to the capacity cut by london heathrow during the summer of 2022 and the flight disruptions experienced at ewr during the summer of 2023), we have reconfigured our proposed flight schedule and capacity to help improve our operational performance and our customers' experience. these industry-wide operational challenges have had a negative impact on our business and operating results and are expected to continue. in the future, we may not be able to adjust our operations to mitigate their effect, which may have a negative impact on our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity and limit our ability to expand or change our route network and execute our united next strategy.
in addition, as airports around the world become more congested, space, facility and infrastructure constraints at our hubs or other airports where we operate now or may operate in the future may prevent the company from maintaining existing service and/or implementing new service in a commercially viable manner because of a number of factors, including capital improvements at such airports being imposed by the relevant airport authorities without the company's approval. capital spending projects of airport authorities currently underway and additional projects that we expect to commence over the next several years are expected to result in increased costs to airlines and the traveling public that use those facilities as the airports seek to recover their investments through increased rental rates, landing fees and other facility costs. these actions have caused and may continue to cause the company to experience increased space rental rates at various airports in its network, including a number of our hubs and gateways, as well as increased operating costs. furthermore, the company is not able to control decisions by other airlines to reduce their capacity, causing certain fixed airport costs to be allocated among fewer total flights and resulting in increased landing fees and other costs for the company. we have sufficient slots or analogous authorizations to operate our existing flights and we have generally, but not always, been able to obtain the rights to expand our operations and to change our schedules, but there can be no assurance that we can maintain existing service or implement new service in a cost-effective manner in the future.
geopolitical conflict, terrorist attacks or security events may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as a global business with operations outside of the united states from which it derives significant operating revenues, volatile conditions in certain international regions may have a negative impact on the company's operating results and its ability to achieve its business objectives. the company's international operations are a vital part of its worldwide airline network. political disruptions and instability in certain regions have negatively impacted the demand and network availability for air travel, as well as fuel prices, and may continue to have a negative impact on these and other items. for example, the suspensions of the company's overflying in russian airspace as a result of the russia-ukraine military conflict and to tel aviv as a result of the israeli-hamas military conflict have significantly impacted our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. in addition, terrorist attacks or international hostilities, even if not made on or targeted directly at the airline industry, or the fear of or the precautions taken in anticipation of such attacks (including elevated national threat warnings, travel restrictions, selective cancellation or redirection of flights and new security regulations) could materially and adversely affect the company and the airline industry. the company's financial resources and insurance coverage may not be sufficient to absorb the adverse effects of any future terrorist attacks, international hostilities or other security events, which could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial condition, liquidity and operating results. in addition, due to threats against the aviation industry, the company has incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenditures to comply with security-related requirements to mitigate threats and protect the safety of our employees and customers.
any damage to our reputation or brand image could adversely affect our business or financial results.
we operate in a public-facing industry and maintaining a good reputation is critical to our business. the company's reputation or brand image could be adversely impacted by any failure to maintain satisfactory practices for all of our operations and activities; any failure or perceived failure to achieve and/or make progress toward our environmental, safety, diversity, equity and inclusion or other social and governance ("esg") goals, which are aspirational and subject to risks and uncertainties that are outside of our control; our stakeholders not being satisfied with our esg goals or strategy or efforts to meet such goals; public pressure from investors or policy groups to change our policies and strategies; customer perceptions of our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements or marketing programs, including greenwashing concerns regarding our advertising campaigns and marketing programs related to our sustainability initiatives; deficiencies in the quantitative data that we disclose in relation to our esg goals; or customer perceptions of statements made by us, our employees and executives, agents or other third parties. damage to our reputation or brand image or loss of customer confidence in our services could adversely affect our business and financial results, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation.
regulators, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are focusing more on esg impacts of operations and related disclosures, which are subject to rules, regulations and standards for collecting, measuring and reporting that are still developing, involve internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, depend in part on third-party performance or data that is outside the company's control and have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such expectations, rules, regulations and standards. the ongoing relevance of our brand may depend on our ability to achieve our esg goals, make progress on our esg initiatives and comply with applicable federal, state and international binding or non-binding legislation, regulation, standards and accords as well as on the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of our disclosures relating to our esg goals and initiatives and progress towards those goals.
information technology, cybersecurity and data privacy risks the company relies heavily on technology and automated systems to operate its business and any significant failure or disruption of, or failure to effectively integrate and implement, these technologies or systems could materially harm its business or business strategy.
the company depends on technology and automated systems, including artificial intelligence ("ai"), to operate its business, including, but not limited to, computerized airline reservation systems, electronic tickets, electronic airport kiosks, demand prediction software, flight operations systems, in-flight wireless internet, cloud-based technologies, technical and business operations systems and commercial websites and applications, including www.united.com and the united airlines mobile app. these systems could suffer substantial or repeated disruptions due to various events, some of which are beyond the company's control (including natural disasters (which may occur more frequently or intensely as a result of the impacts of climate change), power failures, terrorist attacks, dependencies on third-party technology services, equipment or software failures, cybersecurity attacks, insider threats or other security breaches and the deployment by certain wireless carriers of "5g" service networks), which could reduce the attractiveness of the company's services versus those of our competitors, materially impair our ability to market our services and operate our flights, result in the unauthorized release of confidential or sensitive information, or information that should be protected from inadvertent disclosures, negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public, subject us to liability to third parties, regulatory action or contract termination and result in other increased costs, lost revenue and the loss of, or compromise to the integrity, availability or confidentiality of, important data. these systems have in the past and may in the future be subject to failure, disruption or cyber incidents as a result of these or other factors. substantial or repeated systems failures or disruptions may adversely affect the company's business, operating results, financial condition and business strategy. we have cybersecurity frameworks, resiliency initiatives and disaster recovery plans in place designed to prevent and mitigate disruptions, and we continue to invest in improvements to these initiatives and plans. we also maintain property and business interruption insurance. however, these measures may not be adequate to prevent or mitigate disruptions or provide coverage for the company's associated costs, some of which may be unforeseeable.
the company may also face challenges in implementing, integrating and modifying the automated systems and technologies required to operate its business or new systems and technologies designed to enhance its business, each of which may require significant expenditures, human resources, the development of effective internal controls and the transformation of business and financial processes. our competitors or other third parties may incorporate ai into their products more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. additionally, if the content, analyses, or recommendations that ai applications assist in producing are or are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, or biased, our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. ai also presents emerging ethical issues, and if our use of ai becomes controversial, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability. the rapid evolution of ai, including proposed government regulation of ai, may require significant resources to develop, test and maintain our ai platform and services to help us implement ai in a compliant and ethical manner in order to minimize any adverse impact to our business. if the company is generally unable to timely or effectively implement, integrate or modify its systems and technology, the company's operations could be adversely affected.
increasing privacy, data security and cybersecurity obligations or a significant data breach may adversely affect the company's business.
in our regular business operations, we collect, process, store and transmit to commercial partners sensitive data, including personal information of our customers and employees such as payment processing information and information of our business partners, to provide our services and operate our business.
the company must manage increasing legislative, regulatory and consumer focus on privacy issues, data security and cybersecurity risk management in a variety of jurisdictions domestically and across the globe. for example, the eu's general data protection regulation imposes significant privacy and data security requirements, as well as potential for substantial penalties for non-compliance that have resulted in substantial adverse financial consequences to non-compliant companies. depending on the regulatory interpretation and enforcement of emerging data protection regulations and industry standards, the company's business operations could be impacted, up to and including being unable to operate, within certain jurisdictions. also, some of the company's commercial partners, such as credit card companies, have imposed data security standards that the company must meet. the company will continue its efforts to meet its privacy, data security and cybersecurity risk management obligations; however, it is possible that certain new obligations or customer expectations may be difficult to meet and could require changes in the company's operating processes and increase the company's costs. any significant liabilities associated with violations of any related laws or regulations could also have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity, reputation and consumer relationships.
additionally, the company must manage the increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. our network, systems and storage applications, and those systems and applications maintained by our third-party commercial partners (such as aircraft and engine suppliers, cloud computing companies, credit card companies, regional airline carriers and international airline partners) have been and likely will continue to be subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access, breaches, malfeasance or other system disruptions, including those involving criminal hackers, denial of service attacks, hacktivists, state-sponsored actors, corporate espionage, employee malfeasance and human or technological error. in some cases, it is difficult to anticipate or to detect immediately such incidents and the damage caused thereby, and we may not be able to realize the benefits of our proactive defense measures and may experience operational difficulty in implementing them. our use of ai applications has resulted in, and may in the future result in cybersecurity incidents that implicate the personal data of our customers, employees or users of such applications. in addition, as attacks by cybercriminals and nation state actors become more sophisticated, frequent and intense, the costs of proactive defense measures have increased and will likely continue to increase. furthermore, the company's remote work arrangements may make it more vulnerable to targeted activity from cybercriminals and significantly increase the risk of cyberattacks or other security breaches. while we continually work to safeguard our network, systems and applications, including through risk assessments, system monitoring, cybersecurity and data protection policies, processes and technologies and employee awareness and training, and seek to require that third-parties adhere to security standards, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent actual or perceived cybersecurity incidents or data breaches or the damages and impacts to our business that result therefrom.
any such cybersecurity incident or data breach could result in significant costs, including monetary damages, operational impacts, including service interruptions and delays, and reputational harm. furthermore, the loss, disclosure, misappropriation of or access to sensitive company information, customers', employees' or business partners' information or the company's failure to meet its privacy or data protection obligations could result in legal claims or proceedings, penalties and remediation costs. a significant data breach or the company's failure to meet its data privacy or data protection obligations may adversely affect the company's operations, reputation, relationships with our business partners, business, operating results, financial condition and business strategy.
increased use of social media platforms present risks and challenges.
we are increasing our use of social media to communicate company news and events. the inappropriate and/or unauthorized use of certain media vehicles could cause brand damage or information leakage or could lead to legal implications, including from the improper collection and/or dissemination of personally identifiable information from employees, customers or other stakeholders. in addition, negative or inaccurate posts or comments about us on any social networking website could damage our reputation, brand image and goodwill. further, the disclosure of non-public company-sensitive information by our workforce or others, whether intentional or unintentional, through external media channels could lead to information loss and reputational or competitive harm.
human capital management risks union disputes, employee strikes or slowdowns, and other labor-related disruptions or regulatory compliance costs could adversely affect the company's operations and could result in increased costs that impair its financial performance.
united is a highly unionized company. as of december 31, 2023, the company and its subsidiaries had approximately 103,300 employees, of whom approximately 83% were represented by various u.s. labor organizations. see part i, item 1. business-human capital management and resources of this report for additional information on our represented employee groups and collective bargaining agreements. there is a risk that unions or individual employees might pursue judicial or arbitral claims arising out of changes implemented as a result of the company entering into collective bargaining agreements with its represented employee groups. there is also a possibility that employees or unions could engage in job actions such as slowdowns, work-to-rule campaigns, sick-outs or other actions designed to disrupt the company's normal operations, in an attempt to pressure the company in collective bargaining negotiations. although the railway labor act makes such actions unlawful until the parties have been lawfully released to self-help, and the company can seek injunctive relief against premature self-help, such actions can cause significant harm even if ultimately enjoined. similarly, if the operations of our third-party regional carriers, ground handlers or other vendors are impacted by labor-related disruptions, our operations could be adversely affected. in addition, collective bargaining agreements with the company's represented employee groups increase the company's labor costs and such costs could become material. we remain in negotiations regarding certain of these collective bargaining agreements and anticipate that any new contracts involving the relevant labor groups may include material increases in salaries and other benefits, which would significantly increase our labor expense. furthermore, there is increasing litigation in the airline industry over the application of state and local employment and labor laws to airline employees, particularly those based in california. for example, the u.s. supreme court denied review of a ninth circuit ruling which held that federal law did not preempt california state meal and rest break laws from applying to certain california based flight attendants. this decision adversely affects the company's defenses with respect to certain employee groups in california and it may give rise to additional litigation in these and other areas previously found to be preempted by federal law. the company is a defendant in a number of proceedings regarding alleged non-compliance with wage and hour laws. adverse decisions in these cases could adversely impact our operational flexibility, uniform application of our negotiated collective bargaining agreements, and result in imposition of damages and fines which could be significant.
if we are unable to attract, train or retain skilled personnel, including our senior management team or other key employees, our business could be adversely affected.
much of our future success is largely dependent on our continued ability to attract, train and retain skilled personnel with industry experience and knowledge, including our senior management team and other key employees. competition for qualified talent in the aviation industry is intense and labor market constraints may arise in the future. if we are unable to attract, train and retain talented, highly qualified employees or experience a shortage of skilled labor, the cost of hiring and retaining quality talent could materially increase and our operations could continue to be impacted, which could impair our ability to adjust capacity or otherwise execute our strategic operating plan. in addition, if we are unable to effectively provide for the succession of senior management or other key employees, our business, ability to execute our strategic operating plan or company culture may be adversely affected.
regulatory, tax, litigation and legal compliance risks the airline industry is subject to extensive government regulation, which imposes significant costs and may adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition.
airlines are subject to extensive regulatory and legal oversight. compliance with u.s. and international regulations imposes significant costs and may have adverse effects on the company.
united provides air transportation under certificates of public convenience and necessity issued by the dot. if the dot modified, suspended or revoked these certificates, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. the dot also regulates consumer protection and, through its investigations or rulemaking authority (including, for example, the dot's recent enforcement settlement against southwest airlines for its operational disruption resulting in an announced fine of $140 million, and any rulemakings or initiatives in response to the executive order on promoting competition in the american economy issued by the president on july 9, 2021), could impose restrictions that materially impact the company's business. united also operates pursuant to an air carrier operating certificate issued by the faa and faa orders and directives have previously resulted in the temporary grounding of an entire aircraft type when the faa identifies design, manufacturing, maintenance or other issues requiring immediate corrective action (including the faa emergency airworthiness directives suspending service of the company's boeing 737 max 9 aircraft in january 2024 and grounding our boeing 777 pratt & whitney powered aircraft in february 2021), which has had and could in the future have a material effect on the company's business, operating results and financial condition.
in 2018, the u.s. congress approved a five-year reauthorization for the faa, which encompasses a range of policy issues related to aviation tax, airline customer service and aviation safety. the current authorization was recently extended to march 8, 2024, and the legislative process to renew this authorization (the "faa authorization renewal") could impact the company by imposing new rules or regulations concerning, among other things, airline customer service, aviation safety, labor, managing new entrants in the u.s. national airspace system, as well as new or increased fees or taxes intended to fund these policies. any new or enhanced requirements resulting from the faa authorization renewal may materially impact our operations and costs.
additionally, the u.s. congress may consider legislation related to environmental issues relevant to the airline industry, such as the implementation of corsia, which could negatively impact the company and the airline industry.
the company's operations may also be adversely impacted due to the existing antiquated atc system utilized by the u.s. government and regulated by the faa, which may not be able to effectively handle projected future air traffic growth. the outdated atc system has led to short-term capacity constraints imposed by government agencies and has resulted in delays and disruptions of air traffic during peak travel periods in certain markets due to its inability to handle demand and reduced resiliency in the event of a failure causing flight cancellations and delays. failure to update the atc system in a timely manner and the substantial funding requirements of a modernized atc system that may be imposed on air carriers may have an adverse impact on the company's financial condition or operating results.
access to slots at several major u.s. airports and many foreign airports served by the company is subject to government regulation on airspace management and competition that might limit the number of slots or change the rules on the use and transfer of slots. if slots are eliminated at one of our hubs or other airports, or if the number of hours of operation governed by slots is reduced at an airport, the lack of controls on take-offs and landings could result in greater congestion both at the affected airport and in the regional airspace and could significantly impact the company's operations. similarly, a government or regulatory agency, including dot, could choose to impose slot restrictions at one of our hubs or other airports or grant increased access to another carrier and limit or reduce our operations at an airport, whether or not slot-controlled, which could have significant impact on our operations. the dot (including faa) may limit the company's airport access by limiting the number of departure and arrival slots at congested airports, which could affect the company's ownership and transfer rights, and local airport authorities may have the ability to control access to certain facilities or the cost to access their facilities, which could have an adverse effect on the company's business. if the dot were to take actions that adversely affect the company's slot holdings, the company could incur substantial costs to preserve its slots or may lose slots.
the company currently operates a number of flights on international routes under government arrangements, regulations or policies that designate the number of carriers permitted to operate on such routes, the capacity of the carriers providing services on such routes, the airports at which carriers may operate international flights or the number of carriers allowed access to particular airports. applicable arrangements between the united states and foreign governments (such as open skies) may be amended from time to time, government policies with respect to airport operations may be revised and the availability of appropriate slots or facilities may change, which could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial condition and operating results and could result in the impairment of material amounts of related tangible and intangible assets. for instance, the covid-19 pandemic resulted in increased regulatory burdens in the u.s. and around the globe, which included closure of international borders to flights and/or passengers from specific countries, passenger and crew quarantine requirements and other regulations promulgated to protect public health but that have had and may continue to have a negative impact on travel and airline operations.
in addition, disruptions to the company's business could result from the deployment of new cellular networks (e.g., "5g") by wireless carriers, which, due to potential interference with aircraft systems, could cause flights to be cancelled or diverted, which in turn could affect consumer perceptions of the safety of air travel. for example, over the past two years regulators have addressed potential "5g" interference on a temporary and piecemeal basis tailored to specific aircraft and airports, which could occur again. systematic regulation of the overlap between aviation systems and cellular networks may not occur in the near term or may not involve terms that are favorable to the company.
moreover, any legislation that would result in a reshaping of the benefits that the company is able to provide to its consumers through the co-branded credit cards issued by our partner could also materially negatively affect the company's profitability and competitive position.
in addition, competition from revenue-sharing jbas and other alliance arrangements by and among other airlines could impair the value of the company's business and assets on the open skies routes. the company's plans to enter into or expand u.s. antitrust immunized alliances and jbas on various international routes are subject to receipt of approvals from applicable u.s. federal authorities and other applicable foreign government clearances or satisfaction of other applicable regulatory requirements. there can be no assurance that such approvals and clearances will be granted or will continue in effect upon further regulatory review or that changes in regulatory requirements or standards can be satisfied.
see part i, item 1. business-industry regulation, of this report for additional information on government regulation impacting the company.
current or future litigation and regulatory actions, or failure to comply with the terms of any settlement, order or agreement relating to these actions, could have a material adverse impact on the company.
from time to time, we are subject to litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings relating to our business or investigations or other actions by governmental agencies, including as described in part i, item 3. legal proceedings, of this report. in addition, the company was subject to an increased risk of litigation and other proceedings as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and responsive measures. for example, the company is involved in litigation relating to its vaccination requirements for employees. no assurances can be given that the results of these or new matters will be favorable to us. an adverse resolution of lawsuits, arbitrations, investigations or other proceedings or actions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results, including as a result of non-monetary remedies, and could also result in adverse publicity. defending ourselves in these matters may be time-consuming, expensive and disruptive to normal business operations and may result in significant expense and a diversion of management's time and attention from the operation of our business, which could impede our ability to achieve our business objectives. additionally, any amount that we may be required to pay to satisfy a judgment, settlement, fine or penalty may not be covered by insurance. if we fail to comply with the terms contained in any settlement, order or agreement with a governmental authority relating to these matters, we could be subject to criminal or civil penalties, which could have a material adverse impact on the company. under our charter and certain indemnification agreements that we have entered into (and may in the future enter into) with our officers, directors and certain third parties, we could be required to indemnify and advance expenses to them in connection with their involvement in certain actions, suits, investigations and other proceedings. any of these payments may be material.
we are subject to many forms of environmental regulation and liability as well as risks associated with climate change and may incur substantial costs as a result. in addition, failure to achieve or demonstrate progress towards our climate goals may expose us to liability and reputational harm.
many aspects of the company's operations are subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local and international laws regarding the environment, including those relating to water discharges, safe drinking water and the use and management of hazardous materials and wastes. compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations has required and may in the future require significant expenditures and operational changes. violations have led and may in the future lead to significant fines, penalties, lawsuits and reputational harm. in addition, we have in the past been identified and may in the future be identified as a responsible party for environmental investigation and remediation costs under applicable environmental laws due to the disposal or release of hazardous substances generated by our operations, including pfas, which are expected to be designated by u.s. epa as hazardous substances under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation & liability act. we could also be subject to environmental liability claims from various parties, including airport authorities and other third parties, related to our operations at our owned or leased premises, including our use of pfas-containing fire suppression systems as required by fire codes, or the off-site disposal of waste generated at our facilities.
as discussed in part i, item 1. business-environmental, social and governance approach-environmental sustainability strategy, the company has made several commitments regarding its intended reduction of carbon emissions, including reducing its ghg emissions by 100% by 2050 and by reducing its carbon emission intensity by 50% by 2035 compared to 2019. the company has incurred, and expects to continue to incur, costs to achieve its goal of net zero carbon emissions, which will involve a transition to lower-carbon technologies (such as saf), and to comply with environmental sustainability legislation and regulation and non-binding standards and accords. such activity may require the company to modify its supply chain practices, make capital investments to modify certain aspects of its operations or increase its operating costs (including fuel costs). the potential transition cost to a lower-carbon economy could be prohibitively expensive without appropriate government policies and incentives in place. the precise nature of future binding or non-binding legislation, regulation, standards and accords in this area of increased focus by global, national and regional regulators is difficult to predict and the financial impact to the company would likely be significant if future legal standards do not align with the company's plans to achieve its climate goals or if u.s. legislation establishing financial incentives to accelerate the production of saf development expires and is not renewed. for instance, corsia-related costs cannot be fully predicted at this time, but the program, which requires the purchasing of carbon offsets, is expected to increase operating costs for airlines that operate internationally. there is also a risk that the increased regulatory focus on airline ghg emissions could result in a patchwork of inconsistent or conflicting regional requirements that could unduly shift excessive cost burden to airlines and inhibit the development of carbon reduction technologies that the company needs to reach its climate goals. the company believes that climate change presents, along with challenges, strategic opportunities and that the sustainability-related solutions the company is pursuing to advance its climate goals will help mitigate several of these potential risks posed by the transition to a lower-carbon economy. while the company has not yet purchased carbon offsets for corsia compliance, the company anticipates being required to do so by january 2028 if a regulatory framework to implement corsia within the united states is established. there is a risk that insufficient corsia-eligible carbon offsets will be available for purchase for corsia compliance, leading to potential regulatory enforcement risks. there is also a risk that any carbon offsets purchased by the company for corsia compliance, even if accepted by regulators, could be viewed by third parties as not sufficiently reflecting real, verifiable, and additional ghg reductions, leading to reputational harm.
there can be no assurance of the extent to which any of our climate goals will be achieved or that any current or future investments that we make in furtherance of achieving our climate goals will produce the expected results or meet stakeholders' evolving expectations. moreover, future events could lead the company to prioritize other nearer-term interests over progressing toward our current climate goals based on business strategy, economic, regulatory and social factors or pressure from investors, activist groups or other stakeholders. if we fail-or are perceived to fail-to meet or properly report on our progress toward achieving our climate change goals and commitments, we could face adverse publicity and reactions from investors, activist groups, or other stakeholders, which could result in reputational harm, liability or other adverse effects to the company. in addition, the company believes it is possible that, in the future, segments of the public may choose to fly less frequently as a result of negative perception of the environmental impact of air travel or fly on an airline based on carriers' ghg emissions or which carrier they perceive as operating in a manner that is more sustainable to the climate, which presents both a challenge and an opportunity for the company and is why the company is resolute in attaining its mid-term and long-term climate goals; if this trend materializes, the company's results of operations could be adversely impacted and those impacts could be exacerbated if the company fails to meet or properly report on its climate change goals and commitments. moreover, we could also be subject to climate litigation, as groups, individuals, and governmental authorities affected by climate change seek to recover climate-related damages from entities they perceive as being partially responsible for human-induced climate change because of the emission of ghgs from their operations.
the company's key pathways to achieving its climate goals include investing in and using more saf, reducing its conventional jet fuel consumption and working with strategic partners to advance the future of more sustainable flight. the company has been able to increase its purchases of saf in recent years due to its corporate customers' funding of the price premium for saf through the company's eco-skies alliance, but the willingness of corporate customers to assist the company in covering the price premium for saf in the future could decrease, including based on economic factors or concerns regarding the validity of a book and claim approach for claiming the emissions reductions from saf, or emerging saf certification schemes developed by non-governmental organizations or practices whereby corporate customers purchase the environmental attributes from saf directly from fuel producers, bypassing the airlines.
the company may incur substantial costs and operational disruptions as a result of both its physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels) and transition risks (such as regulatory or technological changes) associated with climate change. climate change is expected to increase the frequency, severity, unpredictability and duration of severe weather events and other natural cycles and could affect travel demand as well as result in increases in delays and cancellations, turbulence-related injuries and fuel consumption to avoid such weather, any of which could result in a significant loss of revenue and higher costs. in addition, certain of our operations and facilities around the world are in locations that may be impacted by the physical impacts of climate change and we could incur significant costs to improve the climate resiliency of our infrastructure and supply chain and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate the effects of climate change. we are not able to reasonably predict the future materiality of any potential losses or costs associated with the effects of climate change.
see part i, item 1. business-industry regulation-environmental regulation, of this report for additional information on environmental regulation impacting the company.
market, liquidity, accounting and financial risks high and/or volatile fuel prices or significant disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel could have a material adverse impact on the company's strategic plans, operating results, financial condition and liquidity.
aircraft fuel is critical to the company's operations and is one of our largest operating expenses. during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company's fuel expense was approximately $12.7 billion. the timely and adequate supply of fuel to meet operational demand depends on the continued availability of reliable fuel supply sources as well as related service and delivery infrastructure. although the company has some ability to cover short-term fuel supply and infrastructure disruptions at some major demand locations, it depends significantly on the continued performance of its vendors and service providers to maintain supply integrity. consequently, the company can neither predict nor guarantee the continued timely availability of aircraft fuel throughout the company's system.
aircraft fuel has historically been the company's most volatile operating expense due to the highly unpredictable nature of market prices for fuel. the company generally sources fuel at prevailing market prices, which have historically fluctuated substantially in short periods of time and continue to be highly volatile due to a multitude of unpredictable factors beyond the company's control, including changes in global crude oil prices, the balance between aircraft fuel supply and demand, natural disasters, prevailing inventory levels and fuel production and transportation infrastructure. prices of fuel are also impacted by indirect factors, such as geopolitical events, economic growth indicators, fiscal/monetary policies, fuel tax policies, changes in regulations, environmental concerns and financial investments in energy markets. both actual changes in these factors, as well as changes in related market expectations, can potentially drive rapid changes in fuel prices in short periods of time. rising fuel prices can also lead to constraints on the company's regional partners, reduced capital available for other spending or other outcomes that could adversely impact the company.
given the highly competitive nature of the airline industry, the company historically had limited ability to, and may not be able to in the future, increase its fares and fees sufficiently to offset the full impact of increases in fuel prices, especially if these increases are significant, rapid and sustained. further, any such fare or fee increase may not be sustainable, may reduce the general demand for air travel and may also eventually impact the company's operations, strategic growth and investment plans for the future. in addition, decreases in fuel prices for an extended period of time may result in increased industry capacity, increased competitive actions for market share and lower fares or surcharges. if fuel prices were to then subsequently rise quickly, there may be a lag between the rise in fuel prices and any improvement of the revenue environment.
the company does not currently hedge its future fuel requirements. however, to the extent the company decides to start a hedging program to hedge a portion of its future fuel requirements, such hedging program may not be successful in mitigating higher fuel costs and any price protection provided may be limited due to the choice of hedging instruments and market conditions, including breakdown of correlation between hedging instrument and market price of aircraft fuel and failure of hedge counterparties. to the extent that the company decides to use hedge contracts that have the potential to create an obligation to pay upon settlement if fuel prices decline significantly, such hedge contracts may limit the company's ability to benefit fully from lower fuel prices in the future. if fuel prices decline significantly from the levels existing at the time the company enters into a hedge contract, the company may be required to post collateral (margin) beyond certain thresholds. there can be no assurance that the company's hedging arrangements, if any, would provide any particular level of protection against rises in fuel prices or that its counterparties will be able to perform under the company's hedging arrangements. additionally, deterioration in the company's financial condition could negatively affect its ability to enter into hedge contracts in the future.
the company has a significant amount of financial leverage from fixed obligations and insufficient liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and business.
the company has a significant amount of financial leverage from fixed obligations, including aircraft lease and debt financings, leases of airport property, secured bonds, secured loan facilities and other facilities, and other material cash obligations. in addition, the company has substantial noncancelable commitments for capital expenditures, including for the acquisition of new aircraft and related spare engines. if the company's liquidity is materially diminished, the company's substantial level of indebtedness, the company's non-investment grade credit ratings and the lack of availability of company assets as collateral for loans or other indebtedness may make it difficult for the company to raise additional capital if needed to meet its liquidity needs on acceptable terms, or at all, and the company may not be able to timely pay its leases and debts or comply with material provisions of its contractual obligations, including covenants under its financing and credit card processing agreements.
in addition to the foregoing, the degree to which we are leveraged could have important consequences to holders of our securities, including the following: (1) we must dedicate a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on applicable indebtedness, which, in turn, reduces funds available for operations and capital expenditures; (2) our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete may be limited; (3) we may be at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors with less indebtedness; (4) we are rendered more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions; (5) we are exposed to increased interest rate risk given that a portion of our indebtedness obligations are at variable interest rates; and (6) our credit ratings may be reduced and our debt and equity securities may significantly decrease in value.
see part ii, item 7., management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, of this report for additional information regarding the company's liquidity.
agreements governing our debt include financial and other covenants. failure to comply with these covenants could result in events of default.
our financing agreements include various financial and other covenants. certain of these covenants require ual or united, as applicable, to maintain minimum liquidity and/or minimum collateral coverage ratios. ual's or united's ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond its control, including the overall industry revenue environment, the level of fuel costs and the appraised value of the collateral. in addition, our financing agreements contain other negative covenants customary for such financings. if we fail to comply with these covenants and are unable to remedy or obtain a waiver or amendment, an event of default would result.
if an event of default were to occur, the lenders could, among other things, declare outstanding amounts immediately due and payable. in addition, an event of default or declaration of acceleration under one financing agreement could also result in an event of default under other of our financing agreements due to cross-default and cross-acceleration provisions. the acceleration of significant amounts of debt could require us to renegotiate, repay or refinance the obligations under our financing arrangements, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
the mileageplus financing agreements in particular contain stringent covenants, limit our flexibility to manage our capital structure and limit our ability to make financial and operational changes to the mileageplus program. if we were to default under the mileageplus financing agreements, the lenders' exercise of remedies could result in our loss of the mileageplus program, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. as a result we may take actions to ensure that the mileageplus financing debt is satisfied or that the lenders' remedies under such debt are not exercised, potentially to the detriment of our other creditors.
the company's ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income for u.s. federal income tax purposes may be significantly limited due to various circumstances, including certain possible future transactions involving the sale or issuance of ual common stock, or if taxable income does not reach sufficient levels.
as of december 31, 2023, ual reported consolidated u.s. federal net operating loss ("nol") carryforwards of approximately $12.0 billion. the company's ability to use its nol carryforwards and certain other tax attributes will depend on the amount of taxable income it generates in future periods and, as a result, certain of the company's nol carryforwards and other tax attributes may expire before it can generate sufficient taxable income to use them in full. in addition, the company's ability to use its nol carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be limited if it experiences an "ownership change" as defined in section 382 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended. potential future transactions involving the sale or issuance of ual common stock may increase the possibility that the company will experience a future "ownership change" under section 382. such transactions may include the exercise of warrants issued in connection with the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act") programs, the issuance of ual common stock for cash, the conversion of any future convertible debt, the repurchase of any debt with the company's common stock, the acquisition or disposition of any stock by a stockholder owning 5% or more of the outstanding shares of ual common stock, or a combination of the foregoing.
the company has established a tax benefits preservation plan (the "plan") in order to preserve the company's ability to use its nols and certain other tax attributes to reduce potential future income tax obligations. on december 4, 2023, the company entered into an amendment to extend the plan until december 4, 2026, subject to stockholder approval at the company's 2024 annual meeting of stockholders. the plan is designed to reduce the likelihood that the company experiences an "ownership change" by deterring certain acquisitions of company securities. there is no assurance, however, that the deterrent mechanism in the plan will be effective, and such acquisitions may still occur. in addition, the plan may adversely affect the marketability of ual common stock by discouraging existing or potential investors from acquiring ual common stock or additional shares of ual common stock because any non-exempt third party that acquires 4.9% or more of the then-outstanding shares of ual common stock would suffer substantial dilution of its ownership interest in the company.
the company may never realize the full value of its intangible assets or its long-lived assets causing it to record impairments that may negatively affect its financial condition and operating results.
in accordance with applicable accounting standards, the company is required to test its indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently where there is an indication of impairment, and certain of its other assets for impairment where there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. the company may be required to recognize losses in the future due to, among other factors, extreme fuel price volatility, tight credit markets, government regulatory changes, decline in the fair values of certain tangible or intangible assets, such as our aircraft, route authorities, airport slots and frequent flyer database, unfavorable trends in historical or forecasted results of operations and cash flows and an uncertain economic environment, as well as other uncertainties. for example, during 2021, the company recorded $97 million of impairments, which includes impairments resulting from current market conditions for used aircraft that are being held for sale and the decision to retire single-cabin 50-seat regional aircraft as a result of the 2021 united next order. the company can provide no assurance that a material impairment loss of tangible or intangible assets will not occur in a future period.
the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly.
the closing price for our common stock has varied between a high of $57.61 and a low of $33.90 in the year ended december 31, 2023. volatility in the market price of our common stock may prevent holders from selling shares at or above the prices paid for them. the market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for various reasons which include: the market reaction to events like the covid-19 pandemic and our responses thereto; changes in the prices or availability of oil or jet fuel; our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry; changes in our earnings or recommendations by research analysts who track our common stock or the stock of other airlines; the public's reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the sec; changes in the competitive landscape for the airline industry, including any changes resulting from industry consolidation whether or not involving our company; an accident, catastrophe or incident involving an aircraft that the company operates; mandatory grounding of an aircraft that the company operates; changes in general conditions in the united states and global economy, financial markets or airline industry, including those resulting from changes in fuel prices or fuel shortages, war, incidents of terrorism, pandemics or responses to such events; our liquidity position; the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock; and the other risks described in these "risk factors."
in addition, in recent periods, the stock market has experienced extreme declines and volatility. this volatility has had a significant negative impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies, including us and other companies in our industry.
the company's operating results fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors associated with the airline industry, many of which are beyond the company's control.
due to greater demand for air travel during the spring and summer months, revenues in the airline industry in the second and third quarters of the year are generally stronger than revenues in the first and fourth quarters of the year, which are periods of lower travel demand. the company's operating results generally reflect this seasonality but have also been impacted by numerous other factors that are not necessarily seasonal, including, among others, extreme or severe weather, outbreaks of disease, public health issues (including global health epidemics or pandemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic, as well as the potential increased government restrictions and regulation), atc congestion, geological events, political instability, terrorism, natural disasters, changes in the competitive environment due to industry consolidation, tax obligations, general economic conditions and other factors, as well as related consumer perceptions. such factors have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the company. as a result, the company's quarterly operating results are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year and historical operating results in a quarterly or annual period are not necessarily indicative of future operating results.
increases in insurance costs or inadequate insurance coverage may materially and adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition.
the company maintains insurance policies, including, but not limited to, terrorism, aviation hull and liability, workers' compensation and property and business interruption insurance, but we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business. if the company is unable to obtain sufficient insurance with acceptable terms, the costs of such insurance increase materially, or if the coverage obtained is unable to pay or is insufficient relative to actual liability or losses that the company experiences, whether due to insurance market conditions, policy limitations and exclusions or otherwise, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this form 10-k and the description of our business and reportable segments in part i, item 1. business of this form 10-k to enhance the understanding of our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
this section generally discusses 2023 and 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022. discussions of 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 are not included in this form 10-k and can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022 filed with the sec on february 16, 2023 (the "2022 annual report").
executive summary overview united airlines holdings, inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "ual" or the "company") is a holding company and its wholly-owned subsidiary is united airlines, inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "united").
as ual consolidates united for financial statement purposes, disclosures that relate to activities of united also apply to ual, unless otherwise noted. united's operating revenues and operating expenses comprise nearly 100% of ual's revenues and operating expenses. in addition, united comprises approximately the entire balance of ual's assets, liabilities and operating cash flows. when appropriate, ual and united are named specifically for their individual contractual obligations and related disclosures and any significant differences between the operations and results of ual and united are separately disclosed and explained. we sometimes use the words "we," "our," "us," and the "company" in this report for disclosures that relate to all of ual and united.
our current expectations described below are forward-looking statements and our actual results and timing may vary materially based on various factors that include, but are not limited to, those discussed below under "strategy," "economic and market factors," "governmental actions," "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements" and in part i, item 1a. risk factors, of this form 10-k. the results presented in this report are not necessarily indicative of future operating results.
strategy our shared purpose is "connecting people. uniting the world." we have the most comprehensive route network among north american carriers, including u.s. mainland hubs in chicago, denver, houston, los angeles, new york/newark, san francisco and washington, d.c.
our united next plan is our fundamental strategic evolution for driving future growth that we believe will have a transformational effect on the customer experience and earnings power of our business. as part of our united next plan, in september 2023, united exercised options to purchase 50 boeing 787-9 aircraft scheduled for delivery between 2028 and 2031 and was granted options to purchase up to an additional 50 boeing 787 aircraft. in addition, united exercised purchase rights to purchase 60 a321neo aircraft scheduled for delivery between 2028 and 2030 and was granted purchase rights to purchase up to an additional 40 a321neo aircraft. we now expect to take delivery of over 700 new narrow and widebody aircraft by the end of 2033.
our groundbreaking united next strategy is expected to increase united's average gauge in north america, to increase the total number of available seats per departure and to significantly lower carbon emissions per seat. united is in the process of retrofitting its mainline, narrow-body planes with its signature interior that includes seat-back entertainment in every seat, larger overhead bins for every passenger's carry-on bag and the industry's fastest available in-flight wi-fi, as well as a bright look-and-feel with led lighting. the carrier's international widebodies will feature the united polaris business class seat as well as united premium plus seating. the company plans to replace older, smaller mainline jets and at least 200 single-class regional jets with larger aircraft, which we expect will lead to fuel efficiency benefits compared to older planes, including an expected 17-25% lower carbon emissions per seat compared to older planes. we believe that united next will allow us to differentiate our network and segment our products with a greater premium offering while also maintaining fare competitiveness with low-cost carriers.
the company will be squarely focused on delivering on four strategic pillars:
united next: along with the items mentioned above, additional elements of the united next plan include hiring over 50,000 new employees, expanding our leading global network to underserved countries and making significant technology changes designed to improve the customer experience and drive operational efficiency.
operational excellence: the most important factor for customer satisfaction is on-time flights. we face some unique challenges in this respect because we operate hubs in the most congested and constrained airports in the country. that backdrop means that united needs to be a leader at using technology to overcome these challenges. we believe that we have been working strategically to overcome operational challenges, but we continue to innovate in order to make advancements in this area.
pre-tax margin: we believe that best-in-class margin performance will enable us to provide the cash flow needed to support our planned investments in growth.
customer service: we believe that excellent customer service is part of de-commoditizing air travel. our people are our greatest asset and they are by far the most important part of our product. aspects of the customer experience such as a great route network, new aircraft, and great wi-fi are necessary, but not sufficient, conditions for a great airline brand. ultimately our people provide customers with the service they expect.
economic and market factors the airline industry is highly competitive, marked by significant competition with respect to routes, fares, schedules (both timing and frequency), services, products, customer service and frequent flyer programs. we, like other companies in our industry, have been subject to these and other industry-specific competitive dynamics. in addition, our operations, supply chain, partners and suppliers have been subject to various global macroeconomic factors. we expect to continue to remain vulnerable to a number of industry-specific and global macroeconomic factors that may cause our actual results of operations to differ from our historical results of operations or current expectations. the economic and market factors and trends that we currently believe are or will be most impactful to our results of operations and financial condition include the following: the execution risks associated with our united next plan, especially relating to the growth in the scale of our operations as a result of the plan; the impact on the company of significant operational challenges by third parties on which we rely; rising inflationary pressures; labor market and supply chain constraints and related costs affecting us and our partners; volatile fuel prices; aircraft delivery delays; increasing maintenance expenses; high interest rates; and changes in general economic conditions in the markets in which the company operates, including an economic downturn leading to a decrease in demand for air travel or fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that may impact international travel demand. we continue to monitor the potential favorable or unfavorable impacts of these and other factors on our business, operations, financial condition, future results of operations, liquidity and financial flexibility, which are dependent on future developments, including as a result of those factors discussed in part i, item 1a. risk factors, of this form 10-k. our future results of operations may be subject to volatility and our growth plans may be delayed, particularly in the short term, due to the impact of the above factors and trends.
governmental actions we operate in complex, highly regulated environments in the u.s., the european union, the united kingdom and other regions around the world. compliance with laws, regulations, administrative practices and other restrictions or legal requirements in the countries in which we do business is onerous and expensive. in addition, changes to existing legal requirements or the implementation of new legal requirements and any failure to comply with such legal requirements could negatively impact our business, operations, financial condition, future results of operations, liquidity and financial flexibility by increasing the company's costs, limiting the company's ability to offer a product, service or feature to customers, impacting customer demand for the company's products and services and requiring changes to the company's supply chain and its business. legal requirements that we currently believe are or will be most impactful to our results of operations and financial condition include the following: the closure of our flying airspace and termination of other operations due to regional conflicts, including the suspension of our overflying in russian airspace as a result of the russia-ukraine military conflict and to tel aviv as a result of the israeli-hamas military conflict, as well as any escalation of the broader economic consequences of these conflicts beyond their current scope; delays in aircraft certification (especially relating to the 737 max 10 aircraft); increased faa oversight of the aircraft production process; and any legal requirement that would result in a reshaping of the benefits that we provide to our consumers through the co-branded credit cards issued by our partner. changes in existing applicable legal requirements or new applicable legal requirements as well as the related interpretations and enforcement practices regarding them, create uncertainty about how such laws and regulations will be understood and applied. as a result, the impact of changing and new legal requirements generally cannot be reasonably predicted and those requirements may ultimately require extensive system and operational changes, be difficult to implement, increase our operating costs and require significant capital expenditures.
results of operations select financial data and operating statistics are provided in the tables below:
(in millions)                                      2023                    2022   2021
operating revenue                           $53,717                  $44,955                   $24,634
operating expense                            49,506                   42,618                    25,656
operating income (loss)                       4,211                    2,337                   (1,022)
nonoperating expense, net                     (824)                  (1,347)                   (1,535)
income (loss) before income taxes             3,387                      990                   (2,557)
income tax expense (benefit)                    769                      253                     (593)
net income (loss)                            $2,618                     $737                  $(1,964)
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                  2021
passengers (thousands) (a)                                                                                                                                                                  164,927                                                                                                                                                                                               144,300                                                                                                                                                                                               104,082
revenue passenger miles ("rpms") (millions) (b)                                                                                                                                             244,435                                                                                                                                                                                               206,791                                                                                                                                                                                               128,979
available seat miles ("asms") (millions) (c)                                                                                                                                                291,333                                                                                                                                                                                               247,858                                                                                                                                                                                               178,684
cargo revenue ton miles (millions) (d)                                                                                                                                                        3,159                                                                                                                                                                                                 3,041                                                                                                                                                                                                 3,285
passenger load factor (e)                                                                                                                                     83.9                                %                                                                                                                                                                 83.4                                %                                                                                                                                                                 72.2                                %
passenger revenue per available seat mile ("prasm") (cents)                                                                                                                                   16.84                                                                                                                                                                                                 16.15                                                                                                                                                                                                 11.30
total revenue per available seat mile ("trasm") (cents)                                                                                                                                       18.44                                                                                                                                                                                                 18.14                                                                                                                                                                                                 13.79
average yield per revenue passenger mile ("yield") (cents) (f)                                                                                                                                20.07                                                                                                                                                                                                 19.36                                                                                                                                                                                                 15.66
cost per available seat mile ("casm") (cents)                                                                                                                                                 16.99                                                                                                                                                                                                 17.19                                                                                                                                                                                                 14.36
average stage length (miles) (g)                                                                                                                                                              1,479                                                                                                                                                                                                 1,437                                                                                                                                                                                                 1,315
employee headcount, as of december 31                                                                                                                                                       103,300                                                                                                                                                                                                92,800                                                                                                                                                                                                84,100
(a)the number of revenue passengers measured by each flight segment flown.(b)the number of scheduled miles flown by revenue passengers.(c)the number of seats available for passengers multiplied by the number of scheduled miles those seats are flown.(d)the number of cargo revenue tons transported multiplied by the number of miles flown.(e)rpms divided by asms.(f)the average passenger revenue received for each revenue passenger mile flown.(g)average stage length equals the average distance a flight travels weighted for size of aircraft.
operating revenue. the table below illustrates the year-over-year percentage change in the company's operating revenues for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):
2023                                         2022                                  increase (decrease)                  % change passenger revenue               $49,046                 $40,032                        $9,014                          22.5
cargo                             1,495                   2,171                         (676)                        (31.1)
other operating revenue           3,176                   2,752      424                                               15.4
total operating revenue         $53,717                 $44,955                        $8,762                          19.5
the table below presents passenger revenue and select operating data of the company, broken out by geographic region, expressed as year-over-year changes:
increase (decrease) from 2022:
domestic                     atlantic                      pacific                     latin                       total passenger revenue (in millions)                    $3,641                       $2,225                       $2,525                       $623                      $9,014
passenger revenue                                    14.0    %                    28.0    %                   118.8    %                  15.4   %                    22.5   %
average fare per passenger                            0.9    %                     8.9    %                     6.7    %                   7.4   %                     7.2   %
yield                                                 3.2    %                     9.7    %                   (1.9)    %                   6.2   %                     3.7   %
prasm                                                 2.7    %                     9.5    %                    12.8    %                   9.7   %                     4.3   %
passengers                                           13.0    %                    17.6    %                   105.1    %                   7.4   %                    14.3   %
rpms                                                 10.5    %                    16.7    %                   123.1    %                   8.6   %                    18.2   %
asms                                                 11.0    %                    16.9    %                    94.0    %                   5.2   %                    17.5   %
passenger load factor (points)                      (0.4)                        (0.1)                         10.2                        2.8                         0.5
passenger revenue increased $9.0 billion, or 22.5%, in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to a 17.5% increase in capacity, strength in yield, and a 0.5 point increase in passenger load factor.
cargo revenue decreased $676 million, or 31.1%, in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to lower yields as a result of increased market capacity and rate pressures.
other operating revenue increased $424 million, or 15.4%, in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to an increase in mileage revenue from non-airline partners, including credit card spending and new credit card member acquisitions with the co-branded credit card partner, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as well as increases in the purchases of united club memberships and one-time lounge passes as compared to the year-ago period.
operating expense. the table below includes data related to the company's operating expense for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):
2023                                                                                                             2022                 increase (decrease)                  % change (a)
salaries and related costs                                               $14,787                           $11,466                        $3,321                            29.0
aircraft fuel                                                             12,651                            13,113                         (462)                           (3.5)
landing fees and other rent                                                3,076                             2,576                           500                            19.4
aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs                         2,736                             2,153                           583                            27.1
depreciation and amortization                                              2,671                             2,456                           215                             8.8
regional capacity purchase                                                 2,400                             2,299                           101                             4.4
distribution expenses                                                      1,977                             1,535                           442                            28.8
aircraft rent                                                                197                               252                          (55)                          (21.8)
special charges                                                              949                               140                           809                                     nm other operating expenses                                                   8,062                             6,628                         1,434                            21.6
total operating expenses                                                 $49,506                           $42,618                        $6,888                            16.2
(a) nm - greater than 100% change or otherwise not meaningful.
salaries and related costs increased $3.3 billion, or 29.0%, in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to an approximately 11% increase in headcount from increased flight activity, pay rate increases related to a new collective bargaining agreement with employees represented by alpa, annual wage rate increases across employee groups and an increase of $548 million in profit sharing expense due to both an increase in pre-tax income and a change in the profit sharing formula as a result of the new collective bargaining agreement with employees represented by alpa.
aircraft fuel expense decreased $462 million, or 3.5%, in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to a lower average price per gallon of fuel, partially offset by increased consumption from higher flight activity. the table below presents the significant changes in aircraft fuel cost per gallon for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes and per gallon data):
2023                    2022                                   % change fuel expense                                      $12,651                 $13,113                   (3.5)
total fuel consumption (gallons)                    4,205                   3,608      16.5
average price per gallon                            $3.01                   $3.63                  (17.1)
landing fees and other rent increased $500 million, or 19.4%, in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to increased rates and increased flight activity driving higher landed weight volume and a higher number of enplaned passengers as well as expansion in airport rental space at certain hubs.
aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs increased $583 million, or 27.1%, in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to increased flight activity and increased volumes of both engine overhauls and airframe heavy maintenance checks.
depreciation expense increased $215 million, or 8.8%, in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to new aircraft inducted into service.
regional capacity purchase costs increased $101 million, or 4.4%, in 2023 as compared to 2022, despite an approximately 13% reduction in regional capacity, primarily due to rate increases under various capacity purchase agreements with regional carriers.
distribution expenses increased $442 million, or 28.8%, in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to higher credit card fees, travel agency commissions and global distribution fees driven by the overall increase in passenger revenue. also, starting in the fourth quarter of 2023, the company reclassified certain commissions totaling $80 million from contra-revenue to distribution expense as an immaterial reclassification correction.
the table below presents special charges recorded by the company during the years ended december 31 (in millions):
2023                                                                                          2022
labor contract ratification bonuses                                  $814                    $-
(gains) losses on sale of assets and other special charges            135                   140
total special charges                                                $949                  $140
see note 13 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
other operating expenses increased $1.4 billion, or 21.6%, in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily as a direct result of the increase in flight activity and the impacts of inflationary pressures. other operating expenses include expenditures related to ground handling, passenger services, food and beverage offerings, navigation fees, personnel-related costs and information technology projects and services.
nonoperating income (expense). the following table illustrates the year-over-year dollar and percentage changes in the company's nonoperating income (expense) for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):
2023                                                                             2022                 increase (decrease)                  % change interest expense                                $(1,956)                  $(1,778)                          $178                          10.0
interest income                                      827                       298                           529                                 nm interest capitalized                                 182                       105                            77                          73.3
unrealized gains on investments, net                  27                        20                             7                          35.0
miscellaneous, net                                    96                         8                            88                                 nm total nonoperating expense, net                   $(824)                  $(1,347)                        $(523)                        (38.8)
interest expense increased $178 million, or 10.0%, in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to higher interest rates on variable rate debt and new debt issuances in the current period, partially offset by reduced interest expense on the prepayment of $1.0 billion of the outstanding principal amount under a 2021 term loan facility in the second quarter of 2023.
interest income increased $529 million in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to higher interest rates on the company's cash balances and u.s. government and agency notes. see note 8 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
interest capitalized increased $77 million in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to increased capitalization associated with aircraft purchases and increased interest rates.
unrealized gains on investments, net was $27 million in 2023 as compared to $20 million in 2022, primarily due to the change in the market value of the company's investments in equity securities. see notes 8 and 13 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
miscellaneous, net changed by $88 million in 2023 as compared to the year-ago period, primarily due to lower foreign exchange losses and lower net cost from the pensions and postretirement benefit plans.
income taxes. see note 6 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for information related to income taxes.
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2023, the company had $14.4 billion in unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as compared to approximately $16.4 billion as of december 31, 2022. we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated liquidity needs for the next twelve months and we expect to meet our long-term liquidity needs with our anticipated access to the capital markets and projected cash from operations. we regularly assess our anticipated working capital needs, debt and leverage levels, debt maturities, capital expenditure requirements (including in connection with our capital commitments for our firm order aircraft) and future investments or acquisitions in order to maximize shareholder return, efficiently finance our ongoing operations and maintain flexibility for future strategic transactions. we also regularly evaluate our liquidity and capital structure to ensure financial risks, adequate liquidity access and cost of capital are efficiently managed.
the revolving credit and guaranty agreement, under the term loan credit and guaranty agreement, provides revolving loan commitments of up to $1.75 billion until april 21, 2025, subject to certain customary conditions. no borrowings were outstanding under this facility at december 31, 2023. on february 15, 2024, the company amended its 2021 revolving credit facility to increase its borrowing capacity by $1.115 billion. also, on february 22, 2024, the company refinanced its 2021 term loans by paying down $1.37 billion of its outstanding balance and lowering the margin applied to these term loans by 1.00%. see note 9 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information on these financing transactions.
we have a significant amount of fixed obligations, including debt, leases of aircraft, airport and other facilities, and pension funding obligations. as of december 31, 2023, the company had approximately $36.7 billion of debt, finance lease, operating lease and other financial liabilities, including $4.8 billion that will become due in the next 12 months. in addition, we have substantial noncancelable commitments for capital expenditures, including the acquisition of certain new aircraft and related spare engines. our debt agreements contain customary terms and conditions as well as various affirmative, negative and financial covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of the company and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness and pay dividends or repurchase stock. as of december 31, 2023, ual and united were in compliance with their respective debt covenants. as of december 31, 2023, a substantial portion of the company's assets, principally aircraft and certain related assets, its loyalty program, route authorities and airport slots, was pledged under various loan and other agreements. see note 9 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information on aircraft financing and other debt instruments.
for 2024, the company expects approximately $8 billion of adjusted capital expenditures. adjusted capital expenditures is a financial measure not calculated in accordance of generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). it is calculated as capital expenditures, net of flight equipment purchase deposit returns, plus property and equipment acquired through the issuance of debt, finance leases, and other financial liabilities. we are not providing a target for or a reconciliation to capital expenditures, net of flight equipment purchase deposit returns, the most directly comparable gaap measure, because we are not able to predict non-cash capital expenditures without unreasonable efforts, and therefore we also are not able to determine the probable significance of such items. we believe that adjusting capital expenditures for assets acquired through the issuance of debt, finance leases and other financial liabilities is useful to investors in order to appropriately reflect the total amounts spent on capital expenditures. the company's estimate for aircraft expenditures reflects its current assumptions regarding delayed aircraft deliveries. see note 12 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information on commitments, including aircraft expenditures reflecting contractual delivery dates without adjustment for expected delays. the company has backstop financing commitments available from certain of its aircraft manufacturers for a limited number of its future aircraft deliveries, subject to certain customary conditions.
the following table summarizes our cash flow for the years ended december 31 (in millions):
2023                      2022                      2021
total cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                                                                        $6,911                    $6,066                  $2,067
investing activities                                                                       (6,106)                  (13,829)                 (1,672)
financing activities                                                                       (1,892)                   (3,349)                   6,396
net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                     $(1,087)                 $(11,112)                  $6,791
see the statements of consolidated cash flows included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
operating activities. cash flows provided by operating activities for 2023 were $0.8 billion higher than 2022 primarily due to an approximately $1.9 billion increase in operating income as improvements in the demand for air travel continued partially offset by a decrease in various working capital items.
investing activities. cash flows used in investing activities decreased $7.7 billion in 2023 as compared to the year-ago period mainly related to approximately $10.2 billion due to lower purchase and higher sales activity in short-term and other investments, partially offset by a $2.4 billion increase in capital expenditures. capital expenditures were primarily attributable to the purchase of aircraft, aircraft improvements and advance deposits for future aircraft purchases.
financing activities. significant financing events in 2023 were as follows:
debt, finance lease and other financial liability principal payments. during 2023, the company made $4.2 billion of principal payments on debt, finance leases, and other financial liabilities. the payments in 2023 included a prepayment of $1.0 billion of the outstanding principal amount under a 2021 term loan facility.
debt issuances. in 2023, the company and wilmington trust, national association, as subordination agent and pass through trustee (the "trustee") under a certain pass through trust newly formed by the company, entered into the note purchase agreement, dated as of june 20, 2023 (the "note purchase agreement"). the note purchase agreement provides for the issuance by the company of equipment notes (the "equipment notes") in the aggregate principal amount of $1.3 billion to finance 39 boeing aircraft delivered new to the company from august 2022 to may 2023. pursuant to the note purchase agreement, the trustee purchased equipment notes issued under a trust indenture and mortgage (each, an "indenture" and, collectively, the "indentures") with respect to each aircraft entered into by the company and wilmington trust, national association, as mortgagee. each indenture provides for the issuance of equipment notes in a single series, series a, bearing interest at the rate of 5.80% per annum. the equipment notes were purchased by the trustee, using the proceeds from the sale of pass through certificates, series 2023-1a, issued by a pass through trust newly-formed by the company to facilitate the financing of the aircraft. the interest on the equipment notes is payable semi-annually on each january 15 and july 15, beginning on january 15, 2024. the principal payments on the equipment notes are scheduled on january 15 and july 15 of each year, beginning on july 15, 2024. the final payments on the equipment notes will be due on january 15, 2036.
also, during 2023, united borrowed $1.1 billion for aircraft financings.
see note 9 and note 10 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information on aircraft financing.
significant financing events in 2022 were as follows:
debt, finance lease and other financial liability principal payments. during 2022, the company made $4.0 billion of principal payments on debt, finance leases, and other financial liabilities.
debt issuances. during 2022, united borrowed $0.8 billion for aircraft financings.
for additional information regarding these liquidity and capital resource matters, see notes 9, 10 and 12 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report. for information regarding non-cash investing and financing activities, see the company's statements of consolidated cash flows. for a discussion of the company's sources and uses of cash in 2022 as compared to 2021, see "liquidity and capital resources" in part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the 2022 annual report.
credit ratings. as of the filing date of this report, ual and united had the following corporate credit ratings:
s&amp;p                                   moody's                                   fitch ual                  bb-                                       ba2                                       bb-
united               bb-                                       *                                         bb-
*the credit agency does not issue corporate credit ratings for subsidiary entities.
these credit ratings are below investment grade levels; however, the company has been able to secure financing with investment grade credit ratings for certain eetcs, term loans and secured bond financings. downgrades from these rating levels, among other things, could restrict the availability, or increase the cost, of future financing for the company as well as affect the fair market value of existing debt. a rating reflects only the view of a rating agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. ratings can be revised upward or downward at any time by a rating agency if such rating agency decides that circumstances warrant such a change.
other liquidity matters below is a summary of additional liquidity matters. see the indicated notes to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional details related to these and other matters affecting our liquidity and commitments.
pension and other postretirement plans          note 7
long-term debt and debt covenants               note 9
leases and capacity purchase agreements         note 10
commitments and contingencies                   note 12
the company's business is capital intensive, requiring significant amounts of capital to fund the acquisition of assets, particularly aircraft. in the past, the company has funded the acquisition of aircraft with cash, by using eetc financing, by entering into finance or operating leases, or through other financings. the company also often enters into long-term lease commitments with airports to ensure access to terminal, cargo, maintenance and other required facilities.
the table below provides a summary of the company's current and long-term material cash requirements as of december 31, 2023 (in billions):
2024                  2025                  2026                  2027                  2028                 after 2028
long-term debt (a)                                          $4.0                  $3.5                  $5.2                  $2.5                  $5.3                    $8.9
finance leases-principal portion                             0.2                   0.1                     -                     -                     -                       -
interest on debt and finance leases (b)                      1.5                   1.3                   1.1                   0.9                   0.6                     0.8
operating leases (c)                                         0.8                   0.7                   0.7                   0.9                   0.7                     2.9
leases not yet commenced (d)                                   -                   0.1                   0.1                   0.2                   0.2                     1.0
other financial liabilities                                  0.2                   0.2                   0.2                   0.5                   0.1                     2.1
regional cpas (e)                                            2.4                   2.1                   2.1                   1.6                   1.3                     4.1
postretirement benefit payments (f)                          0.1                   0.1                   0.1                   0.1                   0.1                     0.3
pension funding (g)                                            -                   0.2                   0.3                   0.2                   0.2                     0.3
capital and other purchases (h)                             12.1                   7.9                   6.0                   4.5                   6.1                    23.5
total                                                      $21.3                 $16.2                 $15.8                 $11.4                 $14.6                   $43.9
(a)long-term debt presented in the company's financial statements is net of $277 million of debt discount, premiums and debt issuance costs which are being amortized over the debt terms. cash requirements do not include the debt discount, premiums and debt issuance costs.
(b)future interest payments on variable rate debt were computed using the rates as of december 31, 2023.
(c)represents future payments under fixed rate operating lease obligations. see note 10 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for information on variable rate and short-term operating leases.
(d)represents future payments under leases that have not yet commenced and are not included in the consolidated balance sheet. see note 10 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for information on these leases.
(e)represents our estimates of future minimum noncancelable commitments under our cpas and does not include the portion of the underlying obligations for aircraft and facility rent that is disclosed as part of operating lease obligations. amounts also exclude a portion of united's finance lease obligations recorded for certain of its cpas. see note 10 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for the significant assumptions used to estimate the payments.
(f)amounts represent postretirement benefit payments through 2033. benefit payments approximate plan contributions as plans are substantially unfunded.
(g)represents an estimate of the minimum funding requirements as determined by government regulations for united's u.s. pension plans. amounts are subject to change based on numerous assumptions, including the performance of assets in the plans and bond rates.
(h)represents contractual commitments for firm order aircraft, spare engines and other capital purchase commitments. see note 12 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for a discussion of our purchase commitments.
in addition to the material cash requirements discussed above, the company has made certain guarantees that could have a material future effect on the company's cash requirements:
letters of credit and surety bonds. as of december 31, 2023, united had approximately $518 million of letters of credit and surety bonds securing various obligations with expiration dates through 2033. certain of these amounts are cash collateralized and reported within restricted cash on our statement of financial position. see note 12 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for more information related to these letters of credit and surety bonds.
guarantee of debt of others. as of december 31, 2023, united is the guarantor of $77 million of aircraft mortgage debt issued by one of united's regional carriers. the aircraft mortgage debt is subject to increased cost provisions and the company would potentially be responsible for those costs under the guarantees. the increased cost provisions in the $77 million of aircraft mortgage debt are similar to those in certain of the company's debt agreements. see discussion under increased cost provisions, below, for additional information on increased cost provisions related to the company's debt.
fuel consortia. united participates in numerous fuel consortia with other air carriers at major airports to reduce the costs of fuel distribution and storage. interline agreements govern the rights and responsibilities of the consortia members and provide for the allocation of the overall costs to operate the consortia based on usage. the consortia (and in limited cases, the participating carriers) have entered into long-term agreements to lease certain airport fuel storage and distribution facilities that are typically financed through various debt obligations. in general, each consortium lease agreement requires the consortium to make lease payments in amounts sufficient to pay the maturing principal and interest payments on these debt obligations. as of december 31, 2023, approximately $2.5 billion principal amount of such loans was secured by significant fuel facility leases in which united participates, as to which united and each of the signatory airlines has provided indirect guarantees of the debt. as of december 31, 2023, the company's contingent exposure was approximately $447 million principal amount of such obligations based on its recent consortia participation. the company's contingent exposure could increase if the participation of other air carriers decreases. the guarantees will expire when these obligations are paid in full, which ranges from 2027 to 2056. the company concluded it was not necessary to record a liability for these indirect guarantees.
increased cost provisions. in united's financing transactions that include loans in which united is the borrower, united typically agrees to reimburse lenders for any reduced returns with respect to the loans due to any change in capital requirements and, in the case of loans with respect to which the interest rate is based on the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"), for certain other increased costs that the lenders incur in carrying these loans as a result of any change in law, subject, in most cases, to obligations of the lenders to take certain limited steps to mitigate the requirement for, or the amount of, such increased costs. the company elected to apply the guidance in accounting standards codification 848, reference rate reform, to contracts and transactions that transitioned from the london interbank offered rate (libor) to sofr. the application of this guidance did not have any material impact on the company's financial statements. at december 31, 2023, the company had $11.3 billion of floating rate debt with remaining terms of up to approximately 12 years that are subject to these increased cost provisions. in several financing transactions involving loans or leases from non-u.s. entities, with remaining terms of up to approximately 12 years and an aggregate balance of $8.1 billion, the company bears the risk of any change in tax laws that would subject loan or lease payments thereunder to non-u.s. entities to withholding taxes, subject to customary exclusions.
critical accounting policies critical accounting policies are defined as those that are affected by significant judgments and uncertainties which potentially could result in materially different accounting under different assumptions and conditions. the company has prepared the financial statements in conformity with gaap, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements. actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. the company has identified the following critical accounting policies that impact the preparation of the financial statements.
revenue recognition. passenger revenue is recognized when transportation is provided. passenger tickets and related ancillary services sold by the company for flights are purchased primarily via credit card transactions, with payments collected by the company in advance of the performance of related services. the company initially records ticket sales in its advance ticket sales liability, deferring revenue recognition until the travel occurs. for travel that has more than one flight segment, the company deems each segment as a separate performance obligation and recognizes revenue for each segment as travel occurs. tickets sold by other airlines where the company provides the transportation are recognized as passenger revenue at the estimated value to be billed to the other airline when travel is provided. differences between amounts billed and the actual amounts may be rejected and rebilled or written off if the amount recorded was different from the original estimate. when necessary, the company records a reserve against its billings and payables with other airlines based on historical experience.
the company sells certain tickets with connecting flights with one or more segments operated by its other airline partners. for segments operated by its other airline partners, the company has determined that it is acting as an agent on behalf of the other airlines as they are responsible for their portion of the contract (i.e. transportation of the passenger). the company, as the agent, recognizes revenue within other operating revenue at the time of the travel for the net amount representing commission to be retained by the company for any segments flown by other airlines.
advance ticket sales represent the company's liability to provide air transportation in the future. all tickets sold at any given point in time have travel dates through the next 12 months. the company defers amounts related to future travel in its advance ticket sales liability account.
the company estimates the value of advance ticket sales that will expire unused ("breakage") and recognizes revenue and any changes in estimates in proportion to the usage of the related tickets. to determine breakage, the company uses its historical experience with expired tickets and certificates and other facts, such as recent aging trends, program changes and modifications that could affect the ultimate expiration patterns.
frequent flyer accounting. united's mileageplus loyalty program builds customer loyalty by offering awards, benefits and services to program participants. members in this program earn miles for travel on united, united express, star alliance members and certain other airlines that participate in the program. members can also earn miles by purchasing goods and services from our network of non-airline partners. we have contracts to sell miles to these partners with the terms extending from one to six years. these partners include domestic and international credit card issuers, retail merchants, hotels, car rental companies and our participating airline partners. miles can be redeemed for free (other than taxes and government-imposed fees), discounted or upgraded air travel and non-travel awards.
co-brand agreement. united has a contract (the "co-brand agreement") to sell mileageplus miles to its co-branded credit card partner chase. chase awards miles to mileageplus members based on their credit card activity. united identified the following significant separately identifiable performance obligations in the co-brand agreement:
mileageplus miles awarded - united has a performance obligation to provide mileageplus cardholders with miles to be used for air travel and non-travel award redemptions. the company records passenger revenue related to the travel awards when the transportation is provided and records other revenue related to the non-travel awards when the goods or services are delivered. the company records the cost associated with non-travel awards in other operating revenue, as an agent.
marketing - united has a performance obligation to provide chase access to united's customer list and the use of united's brand. marketing revenue is recorded to other operating revenue as miles are delivered to chase.
advertising - united has a performance obligation to provide advertising in support of the mileageplus card in various customer contact points such as united's website, email promotions, direct mail campaigns, airport advertising and in-flight advertising. advertising revenue is recorded to other operating revenue as miles are delivered to chase.
other travel-related benefits - united's performance obligations are comprised of various items such as waived bag fees, seat upgrades and lounge passes. lounge passes are recorded to other operating revenue as customers use the lounge passes. bag fees and seat upgrades are recorded to passenger revenue at the time of the associated travel.
we account for all the payments received under the co-brand agreement by allocating them to the separately identifiable performance obligations. the fair value of the separately identifiable performance obligations is determined using management's estimated selling price of each component. the objective of using the estimated selling price based methodology is to determine the price at which we would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a stand-alone basis. accordingly, we determine our best estimate of selling price by considering multiple inputs and methods including, but not limited to, discounted cash flows, brand value, volume discounts, published selling prices, number of miles awarded and number of miles redeemed. the company estimated the selling prices and volumes over the term of the co-brand agreement, at the inception of the contract, in order to determine the allocation of proceeds to each of the components to be delivered. we also evaluate volumes on an annual basis, which may result in a change in the allocation of the estimated consideration from the co-brand agreement on a prospective basis.
indefinite-lived intangible assets. the company has indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis as of october 1, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. when there is a triggering event, the company typically determines fair value using either market or variation of the income approach valuation techniques. these measurements include the following key assumptions: (1) forecasted revenues, expenses, margin and cash flows, (2) terminal period growth rate, (3) an estimated weighted average cost of capital, (4) asset-specific risk factor and (5) a tax rate. these assumptions are consistent with those that hypothetical market participants would use. because we are required to make estimates and assumptions when evaluating goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, actual results may differ materially from these estimates. actual results will be influenced by the competitive environment, fuel costs and other expenses, and potentially other unforeseen events or circumstances that could have a material impact on future results. we recognize an impairment when the fair value of an intangible asset is less than its carrying value.
every year, the company evaluates its indefinite-lived intangible assets for possible impairments. for the company's china route authority, the company performed a quantitative assessment which involved determining the fair value of the asset and comparing that amount to the asset's carrying value. for all other intangible assets, the company performed a qualitative assessment of whether it was more likely than not that an impairment had occurred. to determine the fair value of the china route authority, the company used a discounted cash flow method. key inputs into the models included forecasted revenues, fuel costs, other operating costs, margin and an overall discount rate. these assumptions are inherently uncertain as they relate to future events and circumstances.
see notes 1 and 13 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements this report contains certain "forward-looking statements," within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, including in part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and elsewhere, relating to, among other things, goals, plans and projections regarding the company's financial position, results of operations, market position, capacity, fleet, product development, esg-related strategy initiatives and business strategy. such forward-looking statements are based on historical performance and current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the company's future financial results, goals, plans, commitments, strategies and objectives and involve inherent risks, assumptions and uncertainties, known or unknown, including internal or external factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, that are difficult to predict, may be beyond the company's control and could cause the company's future financial results, goals, plans, commitments, strategies and objectives to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the statements. words such as "should," "could," "would," "will," "may," "expects," "plans," "intends," "anticipates," "indicates," "remains," "believes," "estimates," "projects," "forecast," "guidance," "outlook," "goals," "targets," "pledge," "confident," "optimistic," "dedicated," "positioned," and other words and terms of similar meaning and expression are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such terms. all statements, other than those that relate solely to historical facts, are forward-looking statements.
additionally, forward-looking statements include conditional statements and statements that identify uncertainties or trends, discuss the possible future effects of known trends or uncertainties, or that indicate that the future effects of known trends or uncertainties cannot be predicted, guaranteed or assured. all forward-looking statements in this report are based upon information available to us on the date of this report. we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except as required by applicable law or regulation.
our actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to numerous factors including, without limitation, the following: execution risks associated with our strategic operating plan; changes in our network strategy or other factors outside our control resulting in less economic aircraft orders, costs related to modification or termination of aircraft orders or entry into less favorable aircraft orders, as well as any inability to accept or integrate new aircraft into our fleet as planned, including as a result of any mandatory groundings of aircraft; any failure to effectively manage, and receive anticipated benefits and returns from, acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions, as well as related costs or other issues, or related exposures to unknown liabilities or other issues or underperformance as compared to our expectations; adverse publicity, harm to our brand, reduced travel demand, potential tort liability and operational restrictions as a result of an accident, catastrophe or incident involving us, our regional carriers, our codeshare partners or another airline; the highly competitive nature of the global airline industry and susceptibility of the industry to price discounting and changes in capacity, including as a result of alliances, joint business arrangements or other consolidations; our reliance on a limited number of suppliers to source a majority of our aircraft, engines and certain parts, and the impact of any failure to obtain timely deliveries, additional equipment or support from any of these suppliers; disruptions to our regional network and united express flights provided by third-party regional carriers; unfavorable economic and political conditions in the united states and globally; reliance on third-party service providers and the impact of any significant failure of these parties to perform as expected, or interruptions in our relationships with these providers or their provision of services; extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports where we operate and space, facility and infrastructure constraints at our hubs or other airports; geopolitical conflict, terrorist attacks or security events (including the suspension of our overflying in russian airspace as a result of the russia-ukraine military conflict and to tel aviv as a result of the israeli-hamas military conflict and an escalation of the broader economic consequences of the conflicts beyond their current scope); any damage to our reputation or brand image; our reliance on technology and automated systems to operate our business and the impact of any significant failure or disruption of, or failure to effectively integrate and implement, these technologies or systems; increasing privacy, data security and cybersecurity obligations or a significant data breach; increased use of social media platforms by us, our employees and others; the impacts of union disputes, employee strikes or slowdowns, and other labor-related disruptions or regulatory compliance costs on our operations or financial performance; any failure to attract, train or retain skilled personnel, including our senior management team or other key employees; the monetary and operational costs of compliance with extensive government regulation of the airline industry; current or future litigation and regulatory actions, or failure to comply with the terms of any settlement, order or agreement relating to these actions; costs, liabilities and risks associated with environmental regulation and climate change, and any failure to achieve or demonstrate progress towards our climate goals; high and/or volatile fuel prices or significant disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel; the impacts of our significant amount of financial leverage from fixed obligations and the impacts of insufficient liquidity on our financial condition and business; failure to comply with financial and other covenants governing our debt, including our mileageplus financing agreements; limitations on our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income for u.s. federal income tax purposes; our failure to realize the full value of our intangible assets or our long-lived assets, causing us to record impairments; fluctuations in the price of our common stock; the impacts of seasonality and other factors associated with the airline industry; increases in insurance costs or inadequate insurance coverage and other risks and uncertainties set forth under part i, item 1a. risk factors, of this form 10-k, and under "economic and market factors" and "governmental actions" in part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, of this report, as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth from time to time in the reports we file with the sec.
the foregoing list sets forth many, but not all, of the factors that could impact our ability to achieve results described in any forward-looking statements. investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. it is routine for our internal projections and expectations to change as the year or each quarter in the year progresses, and therefore it should be clearly understood that the internal projections, beliefs and assumptions upon which we base our expectations may change. for instance, we regularly monitor future demand and booking trends and adjust capacity, as needed. as such, our actual flown capacity may differ materially from currently published flight schedules or current estimations.
