item 1a.    risk factors cautionary statements the statements, estimates, projections or outlook contained in this annual report on form 10-k include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 (pslra). when used in this annual report on form 10-k and in future filings by us with the sec, in our news releases, presentations to securities analysts or investors, and in oral statements made by or with the approval of one of our executive officers, the words "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "forecast," "outlook," "plan," "project," "should" or similar words or phrases are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. these statements are intended to take advantage of the "safe harbor" provisions of the pslra. these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. any forward-looking statement in this report speaks only as of the date of this report and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances, including unanticipated events, after the date of this report.
the following discussion contains cautionary statements regarding our business, which investors and others should consider. we do not undertake to address in future filings with the sec or other communications regarding our business or results of operations how any of these factors may have caused our results to differ from discussions or information contained in our previous filings or communications. in addition, any of the matters discussed below may have affected past, as well as current, forward-looking statements about future results. any or all forward-looking statements in this annual report on form 10-k and in any other sec filings or public statements we make may turn out to be wrong. our forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. many factors discussed below will be important in determining our future results. by their nature, forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to predict or quantify.
risks related to our business and our industry if we fail to estimate, price for and manage our medical costs or design benefits in an effective manner, the profitability of our risk-based products and services could decline and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
through our risk-based benefit products, we assume the risk of both medical and administrative costs for our customers in return for monthly premiums. we generally use approximately 80% to 85% of our premium revenues to pay the costs of health care services delivered to these customers. the profitability of our products depends in large part on our ability to predict and effectively price for and manage medical costs. our optum health business also enters into fully accountable value-based arrangements with payers. premium revenues from risk-based products constitute nearly 80% of our total consolidated revenues. estimates of benefit expense payments involve extensive judgement and are subject to considerable inherent variability. relatively small differences between predicted and actual medical costs, or utilization rates as a percentage of revenues, can result in significant changes in our financial results. if we fail to predict accurately, or effectively price for or manage, the costs of providing care under risk-based arrangements, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we manage medical costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of competitive provider contracts and care management programs. total medical costs are affected by the number of individual services rendered, the cost of each service and the type of service rendered. although we base the premiums we charge on our estimates of future medical costs over the fixed contract period, many factors may cause, and have previously caused, actual costs to exceed those estimated and reflected in premiums or bids. these factors may include medical cost inflation, increased use of services, business mix, unexpected differences among new customer populations, increased cost of individual services, costs to deliver care, large-scale medical emergencies, the potential effects of climate change, pandemics, the introduction of new or costly drugs or increases in drug prices, treatments and technology, new treatment guidelines, newly mandated benefits or other regulatory changes and insured population characteristics. cost increases in excess of our forecasts typically cannot be recovered in the fixed premium period through higher premiums. for optum health's fully accountable value-based care, any inability to provide higher-quality outcomes and better experiences at lower costs or to integrate our care delivery models could impact our results of operations, financial positions and cash flows.
in addition, the financial results we report for any particular period include estimates of costs incurred for which claims are still outstanding. these estimates involve an extensive degree of judgment. if these estimates prove inaccurate, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
if we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade or expand our existing information systems, or if our technology products do not operate as intended, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
our business depends on the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our members, customers and health care professionals and to operate our business. if the data we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to effectively maintain or protect the integrity of our data and information systems, including systems powered by or incorporating artificial intelligence and machine learning (ai/ml), we could experience failures in our health, wellness and information technology products; lose existing customers; have difficulty attracting new customers; experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing; have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud; have disputes with customers, physicians and other health care professionals; become subject to regulatory sanctions, penalties, investigations or audits; incur increases in operating expenses; or suffer other adverse consequences.
the volume of health care data generated, and the uses of data, including electronic health records, are rapidly expanding. we depend on the integrity of the data in our information systems to implement new and innovative services, automate and deploy new technologies to simplify administrative processes and clinical decision making, price our products and services adequately, provide effective service to our customers and consumers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, provide timely payments to care providers, and accurately report our results of operations. in addition, connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important and recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices and new tools and products that leverage ai/ml to improve the customer experience. we anticipate that fast-evolving ai/ml technologies, including generative ai, will play an increasingly important role in our information systems and customer-facing technology products. our ability to protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with changes in information processing technology (including ai/ml), regulatory standards and changing customer preferences will require an ongoing commitment of significant development and operational resources. if these commitments fail to provide the anticipated benefits, if we are unable to successfully anticipate future technology developments, or if the cost to keep pace with the technological changes exceed our estimates, we could be exposed to reputational harm and experience adverse effects on our business.
we may not successfully implement our initiatives to consolidate the number of systems we operate, upgrade and expand our information systems' capabilities, integrate and enhance our systems and develop new systems to keep pace with recent regulations and changes in information processing technology. failure to protect, consolidate and integrate our systems successfully could result in higher than expected costs.
some of our businesses sell and install software products which may contain unexpected design defects or may encounter unexpected complications during installation or when used with other technologies utilized by the customer. a failure of our technology products to operate as intended and in a seamless fashion with other products could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
uncertain and rapidly evolving u.s. federal and state, non-u.s. and international laws and regulations related to health data and health information technologies, including those powered by or incorporating ai/ml, may alter the competitive landscape or impose new compliance requirements and could materially and adversely affect the configuration of our information systems and platforms, and our ability to compete in our markets.
if we or third parties we rely on sustain cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents resulting in disruption to our operations or the disclosure of protected personal information or proprietary or confidential information, we could suffer a loss of revenue and increased costs, negative operational affects, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm and other serious negative consequences.
we routinely process, store and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including protected personal information subject to privacy, security or data breach notification laws, as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties. some of the data we process, store and transmit may be outside of the united states due to our information technology systems and international business operations. we are regularly the target of attempted cyber-attacks and other security threats and have previously been, and may in the future be, subject to compromises of the information technology systems we use, information we hold, or information held on our behalf by third parties. while we have programs in place to detect, contain and respond to data security incidents and provide employee awareness training regarding phishing, malware and other cyber threats to protect against cyber risks and security incidents, we expect that we will continue to experience these incidents, some of which may negatively affect our business. further, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and are increasing in sophistication, in part due to use of evolving ai/ml technologies (including generative ai), and because our businesses are changing as well, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques and threats, detect data security incidents or implement adequate preventive measures. threat actors and hackers have previously been, and may in the future be, able to negatively affect our operations by penetrating our security controls and causing system and operational disruptions or shutdowns, accessing, misappropriating or otherwise compromising protected personal information or proprietary or confidential information or that of third parties, and developing and deploying viruses, ransomware and other malware that can attack our systems, exploit any security vulnerabilities, and disrupt or shutdown our systems and operations. in addition, hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects or other problems which could unexpectedly compromise our information security controls. our systems may also be vulnerable to financial fraud schemes, misplaced or lost data, human error, malicious social engineering, or other events which could negatively affect the data or financial accounts, proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties, or our operations. there have previously been and may be in the future heightened vulnerabilities due to the lack of physical supervision and on-site infrastructure for remote workforce operations and for recently-acquired or non-integrated businesses. we rely in some circumstances on third-party vendors to process, store and transmit large amounts of data for our business whose operations are subject to similar risks.
the costs to eliminate or address the foregoing security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be material. we have business continuation and resiliency plans which are maintained, updated and tested regularly in an effort to contain and remediate potential disruptions or cyber events. if our remediation efforts are not successful, we may experience operational interruptions, delays, or cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers. in addition, compromises of our security measures or the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information, proprietary information or confidential information about us, our customers or other third parties, previously and in the future, could expose us or them to the risk of financial or medical identity theft, negative operational affects, expose us or them to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and liability, including regulatory penalties, for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business.
if we fail to compete effectively to maintain or increase our market share, including maintaining or increasing enrollments in businesses providing health benefits, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
our businesses face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. in particular geographies or product segments, our competitors may have certain competitive advantages. our competitive position may also be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity in the industries in which we operate, among both our competitors and suppliers. consolidation may make it more difficult for us to retain or increase our customer base, improve the terms on which we do business with our suppliers, or maintain or increase our profitability.
in addition, our success in the health care marketplace and future growth depends on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. if we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services which are useful and relevant to health care payers, consumers and our customers, we may not remain competitive and risk losing market share to existing competitors and disruptive new market entrants. we may face risks from new technologies and market entrants which could affect our existing relationship with health plan enrollees in these areas. we could sustain competitive disadvantages and loss of market share if we fail to continue developing innovative care models, including by accelerating the transition of care to value-based models that achieve higher quality outcomes and better experiences at lower costs and expand access to virtual and in-home care. additionally, our competitive position could be adversely affected by any failure to develop and apply innovative technologies and other effective data and analytics capabilities or to provide services to our clients focused on these technologies and capabilities.
our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows also could be materially and adversely affected if we do not compete effectively in our markets, if we set rates too high or too low in highly competitive markets, if we do not design and price our products properly and competitively, if we are unable to innovate and deliver products and services demonstrating value to our customers, if we do not provide a satisfactory level of services, if membership or demand for other services does not increase as we expect or declines, or if we lose accounts with more profitable products while retaining or increasing membership in accounts with less profitable products. the resumption of medicaid redeterminations has impacted our membership levels and may impact our ability to maintain market share if we are unable to retain or add new consumers to other benefit offerings.
if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care payers, physicians, hospitals and other service providers, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
we depend substantially on our continued ability to contract with health care payers (as a service provider to those payers), as well as physicians, hospitals, pharmaceutical benefit service providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers and other care and service providers at competitive prices. if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers, whether in-network or out-of-network, our failure to do so could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, some of our activities related to network design, provider participation in networks and provider payments could result in disputes, which may be costly and attract negative publicity.
in any particular market, physicians and health care providers could refuse to contract with us, demand higher payments, or take other actions which could result in higher medical costs, less desirable products for customers or difficulty meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. in some markets, certain health care providers, particularly hospitals, physician and hospital organizations or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions which could diminish our bargaining power. in addition, accountable care organizations (acos); physician group management services organizations (which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency); and other organizational structures adopted by physicians, hospitals and other care providers may change the way in which these providers do business with us and may change the competitive landscape. such organizations or groups of physicians may compete directly with us, which could adversely affect our business, and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows by impacting our relationships with these providers or affecting the way we price our products and estimate our costs, which might require us to incur costs to change our operations in an effort to mitigate these impacts. in addition, if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected.
our health care benefits businesses have risk-based arrangements with some physicians, hospitals and other health care providers. these arrangements limit our exposure to the risk of increasing medical costs, but expose us to risk related to the adequacy of the financial and medical care resources of the health care providers. to the extent a risk-based health care provider organization faces financial difficulties or otherwise is unable to perform its obligations under the arrangement, we may be held responsible for unpaid health care claims which should have been the responsibility of the health care provider and for which we have already paid the provider. further, payment or other disputes between a primary care provider and specialists with whom the primary care provider contracts could result in a disruption in the provision of services to our members or a reduction in the services available to our members. health care providers with which we contract may not properly manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with other providers. they may also fail to provide us with the information we need to effectively conduct our businesses, such as information enabling us to estimate costs of care. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our operations.
some providers that render services to our members do not have contracts with us. in some instances, those providers may dispute the payment for these services and may institute litigation or arbitration relying on state and federal laws that define the compensation that must be paid to out-of-network providers in some circumstances.
the success of some of our businesses depends on maintaining satisfactory relationships with physicians as our employees, independent contractors or joint venture partners. the physicians who practice medicine or contract with our affiliated physician organizations could terminate their provider contracts or otherwise become unable or unwilling to continue practicing medicine or contracting with us. we face and will likely continue to face heightened competition to acquire or manage physician practices or to employ or contract with individual physicians. our revenues could be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to maintain or expand satisfactory relationships with physicians, to acquire, recruit or, in some instances, employ physicians, or to retain enrollees following physician departures. in addition, our affiliated physician organizations contract with competitors of unitedhealthcare. our businesses could suffer if our affiliated physician organizations fail to maintain relationships with or fail to adequately price their contracts with these third-party payer competitors.
further, physicians, hospitals, pharmaceutical benefit service providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers and certain health care providers are customers of our optum businesses. physicians also provide medical services at facilities owned by our optum businesses. given the importance of health care providers and other constituents to our businesses, failure to maintain satisfactory relationships with them could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we are routinely subject to various private party and governmental legal actions and investigations, which could damage our reputation and, if resolved unfavorably, could result in substantial penalties or monetary damages and materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we are routinely made party to a variety of private party and governmental legal actions and investigations related to, among other matters, the design, management and delivery of our product and service offerings. any failure by us to adhere to the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could subject us to civil and criminal penalties.
legal actions to which we are a party have included and in the future could include matters related to health care benefits coverage and payment of claims (including disputes with enrollees, customers and contracted and non-contracted physicians, hospitals and other health care professionals), tort claims (including claims related to the delivery of health care services, such as medical malpractice by personnel at our affiliates' facilities, or by health care practitioners who are employed by us, have contractual relationships with us, or serve as providers to our managed care networks, including as a result of a failure to adhere to applicable clinical, quality and/or patient safety standards), antitrust claims (including as a result of changes in the enforcement of antitrust laws), whistleblower claims (including claims under the false claims act or similar statutes), matters related to our use of personal information or other proprietary data, claims related to alleged failure of our technology products to operate properly or fairly, contract and labor disputes, tax claims and claims related to disclosure of certain business practices. in addition, some of our pharmacy services operations are subject to clinical quality, patient safety and other risks inherent in the dispensing, packaging and distribution of drugs, including claims related to purported dispensing and other operational errors. we may also be party to certain class action lawsuits brought by health care professional groups and consumers. we operate in jurisdictions outside of the united states where contractual rights, tax positions and applicable regulations may be subject to interpretation or uncertainty to a greater degree than in the united states, and therefore subject to dispute by customers, government authorities or others.
we are largely self-insured with regard to litigation risks, including claims of medical malpractice against our affiliated physicians and us. although we record liabilities for our estimates of the probable costs resulting from self-insured matters, it is possible the level of actual losses will significantly exceed the liabilities recorded. additionally, physicians and other healthcare providers have become subject to an increasing number of legal actions alleging medical malpractice and general professional liabilities. even in states that have imposed caps on damages for such actions, litigants are seeking recoveries under new theories of liability that might not be subject to the caps on damages. these actions involve significant defense costs and could result in substantial monetary damages or damage to our reputation.
we cannot predict the outcome of significant legal actions in which we are involved. even in situations where we engage external insurers, our coverage may not be sufficient to cover the entirety of certain claims. we incur expenses to resolve these matters and current and future legal actions could further increase our cost of doing business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. moreover, certain legal actions could result in adverse publicity which could damage our reputation and materially and adversely affect our ability to retain our current business or grow our market share in some markets and businesses.
our business could suffer, and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected, if we fail to successfully manage our strategic alliances, to complete, manage or integrate acquisitions and other significant strategic transactions or relationships domestically or outside the united states.
as part of our business strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties regarding possible investments, acquisitions, divestitures, strategic alliances, joint ventures and outsourcing transactions and often enter into agreements relating to such transactions. if we fail to meet the needs of our alliance or joint venture partners, including by developing additional products and services, providing high levels of service, pricing our products and services competitively or responding effectively to applicable federal and state regulatory changes, our alliances and joint ventures could be damaged or terminated, which in turn could adversely impact our reputation, business and results of operations. further, governmental actions, such as actions by the ftc or doj, may affect our ability to complete strategic transactions, which could adversely affect our future growth. if we fail to identify and successfully complete transactions to meet our strategic objectives, including as a result of antitrust regulatory enforcement actions, such as those that have been brought against us in the past, we may be required to expend resources to develop products and technology internally, be placed at a competitive disadvantage or be adversely affected by negative market perceptions, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
successful acquisitions also require us to effectively integrate the acquired business into our existing operations, including our internal control environment and culture, or otherwise leveraging its operations which may present risks different from those presented by organic growth and may be difficult for us to manage. in addition, even with appropriate diligence, pre-acquisition practices of an acquired business have in the past and may in the future expose us to legal challenges and investigations that could subject us to criminal fines or reputational harm. even if we are ultimately successful, defending such claims may be costly and result in negative publicity. if we cannot successfully integrate our acquired businesses and realize contemplated revenue growth opportunities, cost savings and other synergies, our business, prospects, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
as we operate our business outside of the united states, we face risks different from those presented by acquisitions of domestic businesses, including risks in adapting to new markets, languages, business, labor and cultural practices and regulatory environments. managing these risks could require us to devote significant senior management attention and other resources to the acquired businesses before we realize anticipated synergies or other benefits from those businesses. these risks vary widely by country and, outside of the united states, may include political instability, government intervention, unanticipated court decisions, discriminatory regulation and currency exchange controls or other restrictions, which could prevent us from transferring funds from these operations out of the countries in which our acquired businesses operate, or converting local currencies we hold into u.s. dollars or other currencies.
foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations have had and may in future periods have an impact on our shareholders' equity from period to period, which could adversely affect our debt to debt-plus-equity ratio, and our future revenues, costs and cash flows from international operations. any measures we may implement to reduce the effect of volatile currencies may be costly or ineffective.
we are subject to risks associated with public health crises arising from large-scale medical emergencies, pandemics, natural disasters and other extreme events, which have and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and financial performance.
large-scale medical emergencies, pandemics, natural disasters, public health crises and other extreme events could have a material adverse effect on our business operations, cash flows, financial conditions and results of operations. for example, disruptions in public and private infrastructure resulting from such events could increase our operating costs and impair our ability to provide services to our clients and customers. in addition, as a result of these events, the premiums and fees we charge may not be sufficient to cover our medical and administrative costs, deferred medical care could be sought in future periods at potentially higher acuity levels, we could experience reduced demand for our services, and our clinical and non-clinical workforce could be affected and sustain a reduced capacity to handle demand for care. public health crises arising from natural disasters, such as wildfires, hurricanes, and snowstorms, or effects of climate change could impact our business operations and result in increased medical care costs. government enactment of emergency powers in response to public health crises could disrupt our business operations, including by restricting availability of or our ability to deliver pharmaceuticals or other supplies, and could increase the risk of shortages of necessary items.
our sales performance will suffer if we do not adequately attract, retain and provide support to a network of independent producers and consultants.
our products and services are sold in part through nonexclusive producers and consultants for whose services and allegiance we must compete. our sales could be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to attract, retain and support independent producers and consultants or if our sales strategy is not appropriately aligned across distribution channels. our relationships with producers could be impaired by changes in our business practices and the terms of our relationships, including commission levels.
our businesses are subject to risks associated with unfavorable economic conditions.
unfavorable economic conditions may have a range of impacts on the demand for our products and services. such conditions also have caused and in future periods could continue to cause employers to stop offering certain health care coverage as an employee benefit or elect to offer particular coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis to reduce their operating costs. in addition, unfavorable economic conditions could adversely impact our ability to increase premiums or result in the cancellation by certain customers of our products and services. these conditions could lead to a decrease in people served and in the premium and fee revenues we generate.
a prolonged unfavorable economic environment could constrain state and federal budgets and result in reduced reimbursements or payments in our federal and state government health care coverage programs, including medicare, medicaid and chip. a reduction in state medicaid reimbursement rates could be implemented retroactively to apply to payments already negotiated or received from the government. in addition, state and federal budgetary pressures could cause the affected governments to impose new or a higher level of taxes or assessments for our commercial programs, such as premium taxes on health insurance and surcharges or fees on select fee-for-service and capitated medical claims. any of these developments or actions could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
a prolonged unfavorable economic environment could also adversely impact the financial position of hospitals and other care providers which could negatively affect our contracted rates with these parties and increase our medical costs or materially and adversely affect their ability to purchase our service offerings. further, unfavorable economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our financial results by impacting the customers of our optum businesses, including health plans, hospitals, care providers, employers and others.
our failure to attract, develop, retain, and manage the succession of key employees and executives could adversely affect our business, results of operations and future performance.
we depend on our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified employees and executives, including those with diverse backgrounds, experiences and skills, to operate and expand our business. while we have development and succession plans in place for our key employees and executives, these plans do not guarantee that the services of our key employees and executives will continue to be available to us. if we are unable to attract, develop, retain and effectively manage the development and succession plans for key employees and executives, our business, results of operations and future performance could be adversely affected. experienced and highly skilled employees and executives in the health care and technology industries are in high demand and the market for their services is competitive. we may have difficulty in replacing key executives because of the limited number of qualified individuals in these industries with the breadth of skills and experience required to operate and successfully expand our business. adverse changes to our corporate culture could harm our business operations and our ability to retain key employees and executives.
our investment portfolio may sustain losses which could adversely affect our profitability.
market fluctuations could impair the value of our investment portfolio and our profitability. volatility in interest rates affects our interest income and the market value of our investments in debt securities of varying maturities which constitute the substantial majority of the fair value of our investments as of december 31, 2023. in addition, a delay in payment of principal or interest by issuers, or defaults by issuers (primarily issuers of our investments in corporate and municipal bonds), could reduce our investment income and require us to write down the value of our investments which could adversely affect our profitability and equity.
our investments may not produce total positive returns and we may sell investments at prices which are less than their carrying values. changes in the value of our investment assets, as a result of interest rate fluctuations, changes in issuer financial or market conditions, illiquidity or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on our equity. in addition, if it should become necessary for us to liquidate a material portion of our investment portfolio on an accelerated basis, such an action could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and the capital position of our regulated subsidiaries.
if the value of our intangible assets is materially impaired, our results of operations, equity and credit ratings could be materially and adversely affected.
as of december 31, 2023, our goodwill and other intangible assets had a carrying value of $119 billion, representing 43% of our total consolidated assets. we periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may be impaired, in which case a charge to earnings may be necessary. the value of our goodwill may be materially and adversely impacted if businesses we acquire perform in a manner inconsistent with our assumptions. in addition, from time to time we divest businesses, and any such divestiture could result in significant asset impairment and disposition charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets. any future evaluations requiring an impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and equity in the period in which the impairment occurs. a material decrease in equity could, in turn, adversely affect our credit ratings.
if we are not able to protect our proprietary rights to our databases, software and related products, or other intellectual property, our ability to market our knowledge and information-related businesses could suffer.
we rely on our agreements with customers, confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties, and our trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and patents to protect our proprietary rights. these legal protections and precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information. in addition, intellectual property rights inherent in software are the subject of substantial litigation, and we expect our software products to be increasingly subject to third-party infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in the health care-focused software industry segment grows. such litigation and misappropriation of our proprietary information could hinder our ability to market and sell products and services which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
any downgrades in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing and operating costs.
claims paying ability, financial strength and debt ratings by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations are important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. ratings information is broadly disseminated and generally used by customers and creditors. we believe our claims paying ability and financial strength ratings are important factors in marketing our products to certain of our customers. our credit ratings impact both the cost and availability of future borrowings. each of the credit rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically. our ratings reflect each credit rating agency's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations or obligations to policyholders. we may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings in the future. any downgrades in our credit ratings could materially increase our costs of or ability to access funds in the debt capital markets and otherwise materially increase our operating costs.
risks related to the regulation of our business our business activities in the united states and other countries are highly regulated and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could materially and adversely affect our business.
we are regulated by federal, state and local governments in the united states and other countries where we do business. our insurance and hmo subsidiaries must be licensed by and are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. for example, states require periodic financial reports and enforce minimum capital or restricted cash reserve requirements. health plans and insurance companies are also regulated under state insurance holding company regulations and some of our activities may be subject to other health care-related regulations and requirements, including regulations and licensure requirements related to ppos, mcos, ur and tpas. under state guaranty association laws, certain insurance companies can be assessed (up to prescribed limits) for certain obligations to the policyholders and claimants of impaired or insolvent insurance companies which write the same line or similar lines of business. any such assessment could expose our insurance entities and other insurers to the risk they would be required to pay a portion of an impaired or insolvent insurance company's claims through state guaranty associations.
some of our businesses provide products or services to government agencies. for example, some of our optum and unitedhealthcare businesses hold government contracts or provide services related to government contracts and are subject to u.s. federal and state and non-u.s. self-referral, anti-kickback, medical necessity, risk adjustment, false claims and other laws and regulations governing government contractors and the use of government funds. our relationships with these government agencies are subject to the terms of our contracts with the agencies and to laws and regulations regarding government contracts. among others, certain laws and regulations restrict or prohibit companies from performing work for government agencies which might be viewed to involve an actual or potential conflict of interest. these laws and regulations may limit our ability to pursue and perform certain types of engagements, thereby materially and adversely affecting our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
some of our optum businesses are also subject to regulations distinct from those faced by our insurance and hmo subsidiaries, some of which could impact our relationships with physicians, hospitals and customers. these regulations include state telemedicine regulations; debt collection laws; banking regulations; distributor and producer licensing requirements; state corporate practice of medicine restrictions; fee-splitting rules; and health care facility licensure and certificate of need requirements. these risks and uncertainties may materially and adversely affect our ability to market or provide our products and services, or to achieve targeted operating margins, or may increase the regulatory burdens under which we operate.
the laws and rules governing our businesses and interpretations of those laws and rules are subject to frequent and often unpredictable change. for example, legislative, administrative and public policy changes to the aca have been and likely will continue to be considered, and we cannot predict if the aca will be further modified. additionally, changes in tax laws or unfavorable resolutions of exams could create additional tax liabilities.
the integration of entities we acquire into our businesses may affect the way in which existing laws and rules apply to us, including by subjecting us to laws and rules which did not previously apply to us. the broad latitude given to the agencies administering, interpreting and enforcing current and future regulations governing our businesses could compel us to change how we do business, renegotiate existing contracts and other arrangements, restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase our health care and administrative costs and capital requirements, or expose us to increased liability in courts for coverage determinations, resolution of commercial disputes and other actions.
we also must obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of our products and services, increase prices for some regulated products and services and complete or integrate strategic transactions. for example, premium rates for our health insurance and managed care products are subject to regulatory review or approval in many states and by the federal government. additionally, we must submit data on proposed rate increases to hhs on many of our products for monitoring purposes. geographic and product expansions of our businesses may be subject to state and federal regulatory approvals. delays in obtaining necessary approvals or our failure to obtain or maintain adequate approvals could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we also currently operate outside of the united states and in the future may acquire or commence additional businesses based outside of the united states, increasing our exposure to non-u.s. regulatory regimes. our failure to comply with u.s. or non-u.s. laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the united states or to establish constructive relationships with non-u.s. regulators could adversely affect our ability to market our products and services or to do so at targeted operating margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. non-u.s. regulatory regimes, which vary by jurisdiction, encompass, among other matters, local and cross-border taxation, licensing, tariffs, intellectual property, investment, capital (including minimum solvency margin and reserve requirements), management control, labor, anti-fraud, anti-corruption and privacy and data protection regulations (including requirements for cross-border data transfers). any foreign regulator or court may take an approach to the interpretation, implementation and enforcement of industry regulations which could differ from the approach taken by u.s. regulators or courts. in addition, our non-u.s. businesses and operations are subject to u.s. laws regulating the conduct and activities of u.s.-based businesses operating outside the united states, such as the fcpa, which prohibits offering, promising, providing or authorizing others to give anything of value to a foreign government official to obtain or retain business or otherwise secure a business advantage.
the health care industry is regularly subject to negative publicity, including as a result of governmental investigations, adverse media coverage and political debate concerning industry regulation. negative publicity may adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation, and expose us to unexpected or unwarranted regulatory scrutiny.
as a result of our participation in various government health care programs, both as a payer and as a service provider to payers, we are exposed to additional risks associated with program funding, enrollments, payment adjustments, audits and government investigations which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we participate in various federal, state and local government health care benefit programs, including as a payer in medicare advantage, medicare part d, various medicaid programs and chip, and receive substantial revenues from these programs. some of our optum businesses also provide services to payers participating in government health care programs. a reduction or less than expected increase, or a protracted delay, in government funding for these programs or change in allocation methodologies, or termination of the contract at the option of the government, has affected and in future periods may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
the government health care programs in which we participate are generally subject to frequent changes, including changes which may reduce the number of persons enrolled or eligible for coverage (such as medicaid eligibility redeterminations in certain states), reduce the amount of reimbursement or payment levels, reduce our participation in, or prevent our expansion into, certain service areas or markets, or increase our administrative or medical costs under such programs. revenues for these programs depend on periodic funding from the federal government or applicable state governments and allocation of the funding through various payment mechanisms. funding for these government programs depends on many factors outside of our control, including general economic conditions and budgetary constraints at the federal or applicable state level. for example, cms in the past has reduced or frozen medicare advantage benchmarks and additional cuts to medicare advantage benchmarks are possible. in addition, from time to time, cms makes changes to the way it calculates medicare advantage risk adjustment payments. although we have adjusted members' benefits and premiums on a selective basis, ceased to offer benefit plans in certain counties, and intensified both our medical and operating cost management in response to the benchmark reductions and other funding pressures, these or other strategies may not fully address the funding pressures in the medicare advantage program. in addition, payers in the medicare advantage program may be subject to reductions in payments from cms as a result of decreased funding or recoupment pursuant to government audit. states have also made changes in rates and reimbursements for medicaid members and audits can result in unexpected recoupments.
under the medicaid managed care program, state medicaid agencies solicit bids from eligible health plans to continue their participation in the acute care medicaid health programs. if we are not successful in obtaining renewals of state medicaid managed care contracts, we risk losing the members who were enrolled in those medicaid programs. under the medicare part d program, to qualify for automatic enrollment of low income members, our bids must result in an enrollee premium below a regional benchmark, which is calculated by the government after all regional bids are submitted. if the enrollee premium is not below the government benchmark, we risk losing the members who were auto-assigned to us and will not have additional members auto-assigned to us. chronic failure to meet the benchmarks could result in termination of these government contracts. in general, our bids are based upon certain assumptions regarding enrollment, utilization, medical costs and other factors. if any of these assumptions are materially incorrect, either as a result of unforeseen changes to the programs on which we bid, implementation of material program or policy changes after our bid submission, or submission by our competitors at lower rates than our bids, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
many of the government health care coverage programs we participate in are subject to the prior satisfaction of certain conditions or performance standards or benchmarks. for example, as part of the aca, cms has a system providing various quality bonus payments to medicare advantage plans meeting specified quality star ratings at the individual plan or local contract level. the star rating system considers various measures adopted by cms, including, among others, quality of care, preventive services, chronic illness management, handling of appeals and customer satisfaction. plans must have a rating of four stars or higher to qualify for bonus payments. if we do not maintain or continue to improve our star ratings, our plans may not be eligible for quality bonuses and we may experience a negative impact on our revenues and the benefits our plans can offer, which could materially and adversely affect the marketability of our plans and the number of people we serve. any changes in standards or care delivery models applying to government health care programs, including medicare and medicaid, or our inability to maintain or improve our quality scores and star ratings to meet evolving government performance requirements or to match the performance of our competitors could result in limitations to our participation in or exclusion from these or other government programs, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
cms uses various payment mechanisms to allocate funding and adjust monthly capitation payments for medicare programs. for medicare advantage plans, these adjustments are made according to the predicted health status of each beneficiary as supported by data from health care providers. for medicare part d plans, payment adjustments are driven by risk-sharing provisions based on a comparison of costs forecasted in our annual bids to actual prescription drug costs. some state medicaid programs utilize a similar process. for example, our unitedhealthcare medicare & retirement and unitedhealthcare community & state businesses submit information relating to the health status of enrollees to cms or state agencies for purposes of determining the amount of certain payments to us. cms and the office of inspector general for hhs periodically perform risk adjustment data validation (radv) audits of selected medicare health plans to validate the coding practices of and supporting documentation maintained by health care providers. some of our local plans have been selected for such audits, which in the past have resulted and in future periods could result in retrospective adjustments to payments made to our health plans, fines, corrective action plans or other adverse action by cms.
we have been involved, and in the future may become involved in routine, regular and special governmental investigations, audits, reviews and assessments. such investigations, audits, reviews or assessments sometimes arise out of, or prompt claims by private litigants or whistleblowers regarding, among other allegations, claims that we failed to disclose certain business practices or, as a government contractor, submitted false or erroneous claims to the government. government investigations, audits, reviews and assessments could lead to government actions, which have resulted and in future periods could result in adverse publicity, the assessment of damages, civil or criminal fines or penalties, or other sanctions, including restrictions or changes in the way we conduct business, loss of licensure or exclusion from participation in government programs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
our pharmacy care services businesses face regulatory and operational risks and uncertainties which may differ from the risks of our other businesses.
we provide pharmacy care services through our optum rx and unitedhealthcare businesses. each business is subject to federal and state anti-kickback, beneficiary inducement and other laws governing the relationships of the business with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies, customers and consumers. in addition, federal and state legislatures regularly consider new regulations for the industry which could materially affect current industry practices, including potential new legislation and regulations regarding the receipt or disclosure of rebates and other fees from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies and other utilization management tools, the use of average wholesale prices or other pricing benchmarks, pricing for specialty pharmaceuticals, limited access to networks and pharmacy network reimbursement methodologies. further, various governmental agencies have conducted and continue to conduct investigations and studies into certain pbm practices, which have resulted and in future periods may result in pbms agreeing to civil penalties, including the payment of money and entry into corporate integrity agreements, or could materially and adversely impact the pbm business model. as a provider of pharmacy benefit management services, optum rx is also subject to an increasing number of licensure, registration and other laws and accreditation standards. optum rx conducts business through home delivery, specialty and compounding pharmacies, pharmacies located in community mental health centers and home infusion, which subjects it to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those of the dea and individual state controlled substance authorities, the food and drug administration (fda) and boards of pharmacy.
we could face potential claims in connection with purported errors by our home delivery, specialty or compounding or clinic-based pharmacies or the provision of home infusion services, as well as claims related to the inherent risks in the packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other health care products. disruptions from any of our home delivery, specialty pharmacy or home infusion services could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in addition, our pharmacy care services businesses provide services to sponsors of health benefit plans subject to erisa. a private party or the dol, which is the agency that enforces erisa, could assert that fiduciary obligations imposed by the statute apply to some or all of the services provided by our pharmacy care services businesses even where those businesses are not contractually obligated to assume fiduciary obligations. if a court were to determine such fiduciary obligations apply, we could be subject to claims for breaches of fiduciary obligations or claims we entered into prohibited transactions.
if we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security, technology and data laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers utilizing protected personal information on our behalf, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
the collection, maintenance, protection, use, transmission, disclosure and disposal of protected personal information are regulated at the federal, state, international and industry levels and addressed in requirements imposed on us by contracts with customers. additionally, legislative and regulatory action in the united states at the federal, state and local levels, as well as internationally, is emerging in the areas of ai/ml and automation. these laws, regulations and requirements are subject to change. compliance with new privacy, security, technology and data laws, regulations and requirements may result in increased operating costs, and may constrain or require us to alter our business model or operations.
internationally, many of the jurisdictions in which we operate have established their own data security and privacy legal framework with which we or our customers must comply. we expect there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection, information security, and ai/ml and automation in the european union, uk, chile, india and other jurisdictions, and we cannot yet determine the impacts such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our businesses or the businesses of our customers. for example, the european union's general data protection regulation (gdpr) imposes stringent european union data protection requirements on us or our customers, and prescribes substantial penalties for noncompliance.
many of our businesses are also subject to the payment card industry data security standard, which is a multifaceted security standard designed to protect payment card account data.
hipaa requires business associates as well as covered entities to comply with specified privacy and security requirements. while we provide for appropriate protections through our contracts with our third-party service providers and in certain cases assess their security controls, we have limited oversight or control over their actions and practices. several of our businesses act as business associates to their covered entity customers and, as a result, collect, use, disclose and maintain protected personal information in order to provide services to these customers. hhs administers its audit program to assess hipaa compliance efforts by covered entities and business associates. an audit resulting in findings or allegations of noncompliance could damage our reputation and subject us to monetary and other sanctions.
through our optum businesses, we maintain a database of administrative and clinical data statistically de-identified in accordance with hipaa standards. noncompliance or findings of noncompliance with applicable laws, regulations or requirements, or the occurrence of any privacy or security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of protected personal information, whether by us or by one of our third-party service providers, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business and, among other consequences, could subject us to mandatory disclosure to the media, loss of existing or new customers, significant increases in the cost of managing and remediating privacy or security incidents, and material fines, penalties and litigation awards. any of these consequences could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
as an enterprise, we increasingly rely on new and evolving technologies, including those powered by or incorporating ai/ml, as part of our internal operations and in the delivery of our products and services. new technologies have potential and power to improve and optimize operational processes and clinical outcomes across the healthcare system, but also present ethical, technological, legal, regulatory and other risks. with respect to ai/ml, we have developed and implemented policies and procedures intended to promote and sustain responsible design, development, and use of ai/ml, consistent with industry best practices. any inadequacy or failure in compliance with our responsible use of ai/ml policies and procedures or emerging laws, regulations and standards governing ai/ml use could cause our technology products not to operate as intended or to produce outcomes that could have a material and adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
restrictions on our ability to obtain funds from our regulated subsidiaries could materially and adversely affect our ability to reinvest in our business, service our debt and return capital to our shareholders.
because we operate as a holding company, we are dependent on dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries to fund our obligations. many of these subsidiaries are regulated by state departments of insurance or similar regulatory authorities. we are also required by law or regulation to maintain specific prescribed minimum amounts of capital in these subsidiaries. the levels of capitalization required depend primarily on the volume of premium revenues generated by the applicable subsidiary. in most states, we are required to seek approval by state regulatory authorities before we transfer money or pay dividends from our regulated subsidiaries exceeding specified amounts. an inability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends to their parent companies in the desired amounts or at the time of our choosing could adversely affect our ability to reinvest in our business through capital expenditures or business acquisitions, as well as our ability to maintain our corporate quarterly dividend payment, repurchase shares of our common stock and repay our debt. if we are unable to obtain sufficient funds from our subsidiaries to fund our obligations, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read together with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements thereto included in part ii item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." readers are cautioned the statements, estimates, projections or outlook contained in this report, including discussions regarding financial prospects, economic conditions, trends and uncertainties contained in this item 7, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the pslra. these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. a description of some of the risks and uncertainties can be found further below in this item 7 and in part i, item 1a, "risk factors."
discussions of year-over-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 are not included in this form 10-k and can be found in part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of the company's form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022.
executive overview general unitedhealth group is a health care and well-being company with a mission to help people live healthier lives and help make the health system work better for everyone. our two distinct, yet complementary businesses - optum and unitedhealthcare - are working to help build a modern, high-performing health system through improved access, affordability, outcomes and experiences for the individuals and organizations we are privileged to serve.
we have four reportable segments across our two businesses:
optum health;
optum insight;
optum rx; and
unitedhealthcare, which includes unitedhealthcare employer & individual, unitedhealthcare medicare & retirement and unitedhealthcare community & state.
further information on our business and reportable segments is presented in part i, item 1, "business" and in note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
business trends our businesses participate in the united states and certain other international health markets. in the united states, health care spending has grown consistently for many years and comprises 18% of gross domestic product (gdp). we expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population and national interest in health and well-being. the rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macroeconomic conditions, which could impact our results of operations, including our continued efforts to control health care costs.
pricing trends. to price our health care benefits, products and services, we start with our view of expected future costs, including care patterns, inflation and labor market dynamics. we frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering relevant factors, such as product positioning, price competitiveness and environmental, competitive, legislative and regulatory considerations, including minimum medical loss ratio (mlr) thresholds and similar revenue adjustments. we will continue seeking to balance growth and profitability across all these dimensions.
the commercial risk market remains highly competitive in the small group, large group and individual segments. we expect broad-based competition to continue as the industry adapts to individual and employer needs.
medicare advantage funding continues to be pressured, as discussed below in "regulatory trends and uncertainties" and we have observed increased care patterns as discussed below in "medical cost trends." our 2024 benefit design approach contemplates these trends.
in medicaid, we believe the payment rate environment creates the risk of continued downward pressure on medicaid margin percentages. we continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. we continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates commensurate with our medical cost trends and we remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs.
medical cost trends. our medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs; care activity; and prescription drug costs. during 2023, we observed increased care patterns, primarily related to outpatient procedures for seniors, which we expect will persist throughout 2024, and may continue in future periods. we endeavor to mitigate those increases by engaging physicians and consumers with information and helping them make clinically sound choices, with the objective of helping them achieve high-quality, affordable care.
medicaid redeterminations. the resumption of medicaid redeterminations have impacted the number of people served through our medicaid offerings, partially offset by an increase in consumers served through our commercial offerings as we endeavor to ensure that people and families have continued access to care.
delivery system and payment modernization. the health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces and both payer and patient expectations. health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality and patient experience, improve the health of populations and reduce costs. we are working to accelerate this vision through the innovation and integration of our care delivery models including in-clinic, in-home, behavioral and virtual care, and by using our data and analytics to provide clinicians with the necessary information in order to provide the best possible care in the most cost efficient setting. we continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in fully accountable value-based plans rewarding high-quality, affordable care and fostering collaboration.
this trend is creating needs for health management services which can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our optum business platform. a key focus of our future growth is to accelerate the transition from fee-for-service care delivery and payment models to fully accountable value-based care. this transition requires initial costs such as system enhancements, integrated care coordination technology, physician training and clinical engagement. enhanced clinical engagement is a critical step to improving the health outcomes of the people we serve and should result in lower costs to the overall health system over time.
regulatory trends and uncertainties following is a summary of management's view of the trends and uncertainties related to regulatory matters. for additional information regarding regulatory trends and uncertainties, see part i, item 1 "business - government regulation" and item 1a, "risk factors."
medicare advantage rates. medicare advantage rate notices over the years have at times resulted in industry base rates well below industry forward medical trend. for example, the final notice for 2024 rates resulted in an industry base rate decrease, as did the january 2024 advance notice for 2025 rates, both of which are well short of what is an increasing industry forward medical cost trend, creating continued pressure in the medicare advantage program. further, substantial revisions to the risk adjustment model, which serves to adjust rates to reflect a patient's health status and care resource needs, will continue to result in reduced funding and potentially benefits for people, especially those with some of the greatest health and social challenges.
as a result of ongoing medicare funding pressures, there are adjustments we can make to partially offset these rate pressures and reductions for a particular period. for example, we can seek to intensify our medical and operating cost management, make changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, adjust member benefits and implement or increase the member premiums supplementing the monthly payments we receive from the government. additionally, we decide annually on a county-by-county basis where we will offer medicare advantage plans.
pending disposition. on december 22, 2023, we entered into an agreement to sell our operations in brazil to a private investor, subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions. we completed the disposition on february 6, 2024, and will record a loss of approximately $7 billion in the quarter ended march 31, 2024, the majority of which was due to foreign currency translation losses in accumulated other comprehensive income.
selected operating performance items the following represents a summary of select 2023 year-over-year operating comparisons to 2022.
consolidated revenues increased by 15%, unitedhealthcare revenues increased 13% and optum revenues grew 24%.
unitedhealthcare served nearly 1.1 million more people, driven by growth in commercial and senior offerings.
earnings from operations increased by 14%, including an increase of 14% at unitedhealthcare and 13% at optum.
diluted earnings per common share increased 13% to $23.86.
cash flows from operations were $29.1 billion.
return on equity was 27.0%.
results summary the following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations and other financial information:
(in millions, except percentages and per share data)                                                                                                   for the years ended december 31,                                            change
2023                                                                                                                          2022                              2021                                              2023 vs. 2022
revenues:
premiums                                                                                              $290,827                          $257,157                          $226,233                      $33,670                    13   %
products                                                                                                42,583                            37,424                            34,437                        5,159                    14
services                                                                                                34,123                            27,551                            24,603                        6,572                    24
investment and other income                                                                              4,089                             2,030                             2,324                        2,059                   101
total revenues                                                                                         371,622                           324,162                           287,597                       47,460                    15
operating costs:
medical costs                                                                                          241,894                           210,842                           186,911                       31,052                    15
operating costs                                                                                         54,628                            47,782                            42,579                        6,846                    14
cost of products sold                                                                                   38,770                            33,703                            31,034                        5,067                    15
depreciation and amortization                                                                            3,972                             3,400                             3,103                          572                    17
total operating costs                                                                                  339,264                           295,727                           263,627                       43,537                    15
earnings from operations                                                                                32,358                            28,435                            23,970                        3,923                    14
interest expense                                                                                       (3,246)                           (2,092)                           (1,660)                      (1,154)                    55
earnings before income taxes                                                                            29,112                            26,343                            22,310                        2,769                    11
provision for income taxes                                                                             (5,968)                           (5,704)                           (4,578)                        (264)                     5
net earnings                                                                                            23,144                            20,639                            17,732                        2,505                    12
earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                        (763)                             (519)                             (447)                        (244)                    47
net earnings attributable to unitedhealth group common shareholders                                    $22,381                           $20,120                           $17,285                       $2,261                    11   %
diluted earnings per share attributable to unitedhealth group common shareholders                       $23.86                            $21.18                            $18.08                        $2.68                    13   %
medical care ratio (a)                                                                                    83.2    %                         82.0    %                         82.6    %                     1.2   %
operating cost ratio                                                                                      14.7                              14.7                              14.8                            -
operating margin                                                                                           8.7                               8.8                               8.3                        (0.1)
tax rate                                                                                                  20.5                              21.7                              20.5                        (1.2)
net earnings margin (b)                                                                                    6.0                               6.2                               6.0                        (0.2)
return on equity (c)                                                                                      27.0    %                         27.2    %                         25.2    %                   (0.2)   %
________
(a)medical care ratio (mcr) is calculated as medical costs divided by premium revenue.
(b)net earnings margin attributable to unitedhealth group common shareholders.
(c)return on equity is calculated as net earnings attributable to unitedhealth group common shareholders divided by average shareholders' equity. average shareholders' equity is calculated using the shareholders' equity balance at the end of the preceding year and the shareholders' equity balances at the end of each of the four quarters of the year presented.
2023 results of operations compared to 2022 results consolidated financial results revenues the increases in revenues were primarily driven by growth in the number of people served throughout the year in medicare advantage and medicaid, pricing trends and growth across the optum businesses. revenues also increased due to increased investment income, primarily driven by increased interest rates.
medical costs and mcr medical costs increased primarily due to growth in people served throughout the year in medicare advantage and medicaid. the mcr increased as a result of elevated care activity, primarily relating to outpatient care for seniors, and business mix.
operating cost ratio the operating cost ratio was consistent primarily due to operating cost management, offset by business mix and investments to support future growth.
reportable segments see note 14 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" for more information on our segments. we utilize various metrics to evaluate and manage our reportable segments, including individuals served by unitedhealthcare by major market segment and funding arrangement, people served by optum health and adjusted scripts for optum rx. these metrics are the main drivers of revenue, earnings and cash flows at each business. the metrics also allow management and investors to evaluate and understand business mix, including the level and scope of services provided to people and pricing trends when comparing the metrics to revenue by segment.
the following table presents a summary of the reportable segment financial information:
for the years ended december 31,                                             change
(in millions, except percentages)                                 2023                              2022                              2021                                      2023 vs. 2022
revenues unitedhealthcare                                         $281,360                          $249,741                          $222,899                     $31,619                      13   %
optum health                                               95,319                            71,174                            54,065                      24,145                      34
optum insight                                              18,932                            14,581                            12,199                       4,351                      30
optum rx                                                  116,087                            99,773                            91,314                      16,314                      16
optum eliminations                                        (3,703)                           (2,760)                           (2,013)                       (943)                      34
optum                                                     226,635                           182,768                           155,565                      43,867                      24
eliminations                                            (136,373)                         (108,347)                          (90,867)                    (28,026)                      26
consolidated revenues                                    $371,622                          $324,162                          $287,597                     $47,460                      15   %
earnings from operations unitedhealthcare                                          $16,415                           $14,379                           $11,975                      $2,036                      14   %
optum health                                                6,560                             6,032                             4,462                         528                       9
optum insight                                               4,268                             3,588                             3,398                         680                      19
optum rx                                                    5,115                             4,436                             4,135                         679                      15
optum                                                      15,943                            14,056                            11,995                       1,887                      13
consolidated earnings from operations                     $32,358                           $28,435                           $23,970                      $3,923                      14   %
operating margin unitedhealthcare                                              5.8    %                          5.8    %                          5.4    %                      -   %
optum health                                                  6.9                               8.5                               8.3                       (1.6)
optum insight                                                22.5                              24.6                              27.9                       (2.1)
optum rx                                                      4.4                               4.4                               4.5                           -
optum                                                         7.0                               7.7                               7.7                       (0.7)
consolidated operating margin                                 8.7    %                          8.8    %                          8.3    %                  (0.1)   %
unitedhealthcare the following table summarizes unitedhealthcare revenues by business:
for the years ended december 31,                                           change
(in millions, except percentages)                              2023                        2022                              2021                                                               2023 vs. 2022
unitedhealthcare employer &amp; individual - domestic                       $67,187                           $63,599                           $60,023                    $3,588                       6   %
unitedhealthcare employer &amp; individual - global (a)                       9,307                             8,668                             8,345        639                                      7
unitedhealthcare employer &amp; individual - total (a)                       76,494                            72,267                            68,368                     4,227                       6
unitedhealthcare medicare &amp; retirement                                  129,862                           113,671                           100,552                    16,191                      14
unitedhealthcare community &amp; state                                       75,004                            63,803                            53,979                    11,201                      18
total unitedhealthcare revenues                                            $281,360                          $249,741                          $222,899                   $31,619                      13   %
(a) on january 1, 2022, we realigned our operating segments to combine unitedhealthcare global and unitedhealthcare employer & individual.
the following table summarizes the number of individuals served by our unitedhealthcare businesses, by major market segment and funding arrangement:
december 31,                                         change
(in thousands, except percentages)              2023                    2022                    2021                                                   2023 vs. 2022
commercial - domestic:
risk-based                                                   8,115                   8,045                   7,985                    70                       1   %
fee-based                                                   19,200                  18,640                  18,595                   560                       3
total commercial - domestic                                 27,315                  26,685                  26,580                   630                       2
medicare advantage                                           7,695                   7,105                   6,490                   590                       8
medicaid                                                     7,845                   8,170                   7,655                 (325)                     (4)
medicare supplement (standardized)                           4,355                   4,375                   4,395                  (20)                       -
total community and senior                                  19,895                  19,650                  18,540                   245                       1
total unitedhealthcare - domestic medical                   47,210                  46,335                  45,120                   875                       2
commercial - global                                          5,540                   5,360                   5,510                   180                       3
total unitedhealthcare - medical                            52,750                  51,695                  50,630                 1,055                       2   %
supplemental data:
medicare part d stand-alone                                  3,315                   3,295                   3,700                    20                       1   %
unitedhealthcare's revenues increased due to growth in the number of people served throughout the year in medicare advantage, medicaid and commercial offerings. people served in medicaid as of december 31, 2023 decreased primarily due to redeterminations, largely occurring in the second half of 2023, partially offset by increased people served with higher acuity needs. earnings from operations increased due to increased investment income and the factors impacting revenue, partially offset by elevated care activity, primarily relating to outpatient care for seniors.
optum total revenues and earnings from operations increased due to growth across the optum businesses. the results by segment were as follows:
optum health revenues at optum health increased primarily due to organic growth in patients served under value-based care arrangements and business combinations. earnings from operations increased due to cost management initiatives and increased investment income, partially offset by higher senior outpatient and behavioral health care activity and costs associated with serving newly added patients under value-based care arrangements. optum health served approximately 103 million people as of december 31, 2023 compared to 102 million people as of december 31, 2022.
optum insight revenues and earnings from operations at optum insight increased due to growth in business services as a result of business combinations and growth in technology services.
optum rx revenues and earnings from operations at optum rx increased due to growth in pharmacy offerings and higher script volumes from both new clients and growth in existing clients. earnings from operations also increased as a result of continued supply chain and operating cost management initiatives. optum rx fulfilled 1,542 million and 1,438 million adjusted scripts in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
liquidity, financial condition and capital resources liquidity introduction we manage our liquidity and financial position in the context of our overall business strategy. we continually forecast and manage our cash, investments, working capital balances and capital structure to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our businesses while seeking to maintain liquidity and financial flexibility. cash flows generated from operating activities are principally from earnings before noncash expenses.
our regulated subsidiaries generate significant cash flows from operations and are subject to, among other things, minimum levels of statutory capital, as defined by their respective jurisdictions, and restrictions on the timing and amount of dividends paid to their parent companies.
our u.s. regulated subsidiaries paid their parent companies dividends of $8.0 billion and $8.8 billion in 2023 and 2022, respectively. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" for further detail concerning our regulated subsidiary dividends.
our nonregulated businesses also generate significant cash flows from operations available for general corporate use. cash flows generated by these entities, combined with dividends from our regulated entities and financing through the issuance of long-term debt as well as issuance of commercial paper or the ability to draw under our committed credit facilities, further strengthen our operating and financial flexibility. we use these cash flows to expand our businesses through acquisitions, reinvest in our businesses through capital expenditures, repay debt and return capital to our shareholders through dividends and repurchases of our common stock.
summary of our major sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for the years ended december 31,                        change
(in millions)                                                                                         2023                              2022                              2021                 2023 vs. 2022
sources of cash:
cash provided by operating activities                                                         $29,068                           $26,206                           $22,343                      $2,862
issuances of long-term debt and short-term borrowings, net of repayments                        4,280                            12,536                             2,481                     (8,256)
proceeds from common share issuances                                                            1,353                             1,253                             1,355                         100
customer funds administered                                                                         -                             5,548                               622                     (5,548)
cash received for dispositions                                                                    685                             3,414                                15                     (2,729)
total sources of cash                                                                          35,386                            48,957                            26,816
uses of cash:
cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash assumed                                              (10,136)                          (21,458)                           (4,821)                      11,322
common share repurchases                                                                      (8,000)                           (7,000)                           (5,000)                     (1,000)
cash dividends paid                                                                           (6,761)                           (5,991)                           (5,280)                       (770)
purchases of property, equipment and capitalized software                                     (3,386)                           (2,802)                           (2,454)                       (584)
purchases of investments, net of sales and maturities                                         (1,777)                           (6,837)                           (1,843)                       5,060
purchases of redeemable noncontrolling interests                                                (730)                             (176)                           (1,338)                       (554)
customer funds administered                                                                     (521)                                 -                                 -                       (521)
other                                                                                         (2,110)                           (2,737)                           (1,564)                         627
total uses of cash                                                                           (33,421)                          (47,001)                          (22,300)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                       97                                34                              (62)                          63
net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                      $2,062                            $1,990                            $4,454                         $72
2023 cash flows compared to 2022 cash flows increased cash flows provided by operating activities were driven by changes in working capital accounts and increased net earnings. other significant changes in sources or uses of cash year-over-year included decreased cash paid for acquisitions and net purchases of investments, offset by decreased net issuances of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, customer funds administered and cash from dispositions.
financial condition as of december 31, 2023, our cash, cash equivalent, available-for-sale debt securities and equity securities balances of $75.2 billion included $25.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents (of which $1.3 billion was available for general corporate use), $44.9 billion of debt securities and $4.9 billion of equity securities. given the significant portion of our portfolio held in cash equivalents, we do not anticipate fluctuations in the aggregate fair value of our financial assets to have a material impact on our liquidity or capital position. other sources of liquidity, primarily from operating cash flows and our commercial paper program, which is fully supported by our bank credit facilities, reduce the need to sell investments during adverse market conditions. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" for further detail concerning our fair value measurements.
our available-for-sale debt portfolio had a weighted-average duration of 4.0 years and a weighted-average credit rating of "double a" as of december 31, 2023. when multiple credit ratings are available for an individual security, the average of the available ratings is used to determine the weighted-average credit rating.
capital resources and uses of liquidity cash requirements. the company's cash requirements within the next twelve months include medical costs payable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, short-term borrowings and current maturities of long-term debt, other current liabilities, and purchase commitments and other obligations. we expect the cash required to meet these obligations to be primarily generated through cash flows from current operations; cash available for general corporate use; and the realization of current assets, such as accounts receivable.
our long-term cash requirements under our various contractual obligations and commitments include:
debt obligations. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" for further detail of our long-term debt and the timing of expected future payments. interest coupon payments are typically paid semi-annually.
operating leases. see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" for further detail of our obligations and the timing of expected future payments.
purchase and other obligations. these include $7.9 billion, $3.7 billion of which is expected to be paid within the next twelve months, of fixed or minimum commitments under existing purchase obligations for goods and services, including agreements cancelable with the payment of an early termination penalty, and remaining capital commitments for venture capital funds and other funding commitments. these amounts exclude agreements cancelable without penalty and liabilities to the extent recorded in our consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2023.
other liabilities. these include other long-term liabilities reflected in our consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2023, including obligations associated with certain employee benefit programs, unrecognized tax benefits and various long-term liabilities, which have some inherent uncertainty in the timing of these payments.
redeemable noncontrolling interests. see note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" for further detail. we do not have any material potential required redemptions in the next twelve months.
we expect the cash required to meet our long-term obligations to be primarily generated through future cash flows from operations. however, we also have the ability to generate cash to satisfy both our current and long-term requirements through the issuance of commercial paper, issuance of long-term debt, or drawing under our committed credit facilities or the ability to sell investments. we believe our capital resources are sufficient to meet future, short-term and long-term, liquidity needs.
short-term borrowings. our revolving bank credit facilities provide liquidity support for our commercial paper borrowing program, which facilitates the private placement of senior unsecured debt through independent broker-dealers, and are available for general corporate purposes. for more information on our commercial paper and bank credit facilities, see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
our revolving bank credit facilities contain various covenants, including covenants requiring us to maintain a defined debt to debt-plus-shareholders' equity ratio of not more than 60%, subject to increase in certain circumstances set forth in the applicable credit agreement. as of december 31, 2023, our debt to debt-plus-shareholders' equity ratio, as defined and calculated under the credit facilities, was 38%.
long-term debt. periodically, we access capital markets to issue long-term debt for general corporate purposes, such as to meet our working capital requirements, to refinance debt, to finance acquisitions or for share repurchases. for more information on our debt, see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
credit ratings. our credit ratings as of december 31, 2023 were as follows:
moody's                                s&amp;p global                            fitch                                  a.m. best ratings                 outlook        ratings                    outlook        ratings                 outlook        ratings                    outlook senior unsecured debt         a2                      stable         a+                         stable         a                       stable         a                          stable commercial paper              p-1                     n/a            a-1                        n/a            f1                      n/a            amb-1+                     n/a the availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors, including our profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, credit ratings, debt covenants and other contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements and economic and market conditions. a significant downgrade in our credit ratings or adverse conditions in the capital markets may increase the cost of borrowing for us or limit our access to capital.
share repurchase program. as of december 31, 2023, we had board of directors' authorization to purchase up to 15 million shares of our common stock. the board of directors from time to time may further amend the share repurchase program in order to increase the authorized number of shares which may be repurchased under the program. for more information on our share repurchase program, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
dividends. in june 2023, our board of directors increased the company's quarterly cash dividend to shareholders to an annual rate of $7.52 compared to $6.60 per share. for more information on our dividend, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
pending acquisitions. as of december 31, 2023, we have entered into agreements to acquire companies in the health care sector, subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. the total anticipated capital required for these acquisitions, excluding the payoff of acquired indebtedness, is approximately $6 billion.
we do not have other significant contractual obligations or commitments requiring cash resources. however, we continually evaluate opportunities to expand our operations, which include internal development of new products, programs and technology applications and may include acquisitions.
critical accounting estimates critical accounting estimates are those estimates requiring management to make challenging, subjective or complex judgments, often because they must estimate the effects of matters inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. critical accounting estimates involve judgments and uncertainties which are sufficiently sensitive and may result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions.
medical costs payable medical costs and medical costs payable include estimates of our obligations for medical care services rendered on behalf of consumers, but for which claims have either not yet been received or processed. depending on the health care professional and type of service, the typical billing lag for services can be up to 90 days from the date of service. approximately 90% of claims related to medical care services are known and settled within 90 days from the date of service.
in each reporting period, our operating results include the effects of more completely developed medical costs payable estimates associated with previously reported periods. if the revised estimate of prior period medical costs is less than the previous estimate, we will decrease reported medical costs in the current period (favorable development). if the revised estimate of prior period medical costs is more than the previous estimate, we will increase reported medical costs in the current period (unfavorable development). medical costs in 2023, 2022 and 2021 included favorable medical cost development related to prior years of $840 million, $410 million and $1.7 billion, respectively.
in developing our medical costs payable estimates, we apply different estimation methods depending on the month for which incurred claims are being estimated. for example, for the most recent two months, we estimate claim costs incurred by applying observed medical cost trend factors to the average per member per month (pmpm) medical costs incurred in prior months for which more complete claim data is available, supplemented by a review of near-term completion factors.
completion factors. a completion factor is an actuarial estimate, based upon historical experience and analysis of current trends, of the percentage of incurred claims during a given period adjudicated by us at the date of estimation. completion factors are the most significant factors we use in developing our medical costs payable estimates for periods prior to the most recent two months. completion factors include judgments in relation to claim submissions such as the time from date of service to claim receipt, claim levels and processing cycles, as well as other factors. if actual claims submission rates from providers (which can be influenced by a number of factors, including provider mix and electronic versus manual submissions), actual care activity incurred (which can be influenced by pandemics or seasonal illnesses, such as influenza), or our claim processing patterns are different than estimated, our reserve estimates may be significantly impacted.
the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our medical costs payable estimates for those periods as of december 31, 2023:
completion factors                       increase (decrease)
(decrease) increase in factors                  in medical costs payable
(in millions)
(0.75)%                           $880
(0.50)                            585
(0.25)                            292
0.25                          (290)
0.50                          (579)
0.75                          (867)
medical cost per member per month trend factors. medical cost pmpm trend factors are significant factors we use in developing our medical costs payable estimates for the most recent two months. medical cost trend factors are developed through a comprehensive analysis of claims incurred in prior months, provider contracting and expected unit costs, benefit design and a review of a broad set of health care utilization indicators. these factors include but are not limited to pharmacy utilization trends, inpatient hospital authorization data and seasonal and other incidence data from the national centers for disease control. we also consider macroeconomic variables such as gdp growth, employment and disposable income. a large number of factors can cause the medical cost trend to vary from our estimates, including: our ability and practices to manage medical and pharmaceutical costs, changes in level and mix of services utilized; mix of benefits offered, including the impact of co-pays and deductibles; changes in medical practices; and catastrophes, epidemics and pandemics.
the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our medical costs payable estimates for the most recent two months as of december 31, 2023:
medical cost pmpm quarterly trend                       increase (decrease)
increase (decrease) in factors                  in medical costs payable
(in millions)
3%                         $1,128
2                            752
1                            376
(1)                          (376)
(2)                          (752)
(3)                        (1,128)
the completion factors and medical costs pmpm trend factors analyses above include outcomes considered reasonably likely based on our historical experience estimating liabilities for incurred but not reported benefit claims.
management believes the amount of medical costs payable is reasonable and adequate to cover our liability for unpaid claims as of december 31, 2023; however, actual claim payments may differ from established estimates as discussed above. assuming a hypothetical 1% difference between our december 31, 2023 estimates of medical costs payable and actual medical costs payable, excluding aarp medicare supplement insurance and any potential offsetting impact from premium rebates, 2023 net earnings would have increased or decreased by approximately $245 million.
for more detail related to our medical cost estimates, see note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
goodwill we evaluate goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change indicating the carrying value may not be recoverable. when testing goodwill for impairment, we may first assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value. during a qualitative analysis, we consider the impact of changes, if any, to the following factors: macroeconomic, industry and market factors; cost factors; changes in overall financial performance; and any other relevant events and uncertainties impacting a reporting unit. if our qualitative assessment indicates a goodwill impairment is more likely than not, we perform additional quantitative analyses. we may also elect to skip the qualitative testing and proceed directly to the quantitative testing. for reporting units where a quantitative analysis is performed, we perform a test measuring the fair values of the reporting units and comparing them to their carrying values, including goodwill. if the fair value is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit, an impairment is recognized for the difference, up to the carrying amount of goodwill.
we estimate the fair values of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow method which includes assumptions about a wide variety of internal and external factors. significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow method include financial projections of free cash flow, including revenue trends, medical costs trends, operating productivity, income taxes and capital levels; long-term growth rates for determining terminal value beyond the discretely forecasted periods; and discount rates. for each reporting unit, comparative market multiples are used to corroborate the results of our discounted cash flow test.
financial projections and long-term growth rates used for our reporting units are consistent with, and use inputs from, our internal long-term business plan and strategies. discount rates are determined for each reporting unit and include consideration of the implied risk inherent in their forecasts. our most significant estimate in the discount rate determinations involves our adjustments to the peer company weighted average costs of capital reflecting reporting unit-specific factors. we have not made any adjustments to decrease a discount rate below the calculated peer company weighted average cost of capital for any reporting unit. company-specific adjustments to discount rates are subjective and thus are difficult to measure with certainty. the passage of time and the availability of additional information regarding areas of uncertainty with respect to the reporting units' operations could cause these assumptions to change in the future. additionally, as part of our quantitative impairment testing, we perform various sensitivity analyses on certain key assumptions, such as discount rates and cash flow projections to analyze the potential for a material impact. as of october 1, 2023, we completed our annual impairment tests for goodwill with all of our reporting units having fair values substantially in excess of their carrying values.
legal matters a description of our legal proceedings is presented in note 12 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
concentrations of credit risk investments in financial instruments such as marketable securities and accounts receivable may subject us to concentrations of credit risk. our investments in marketable securities are managed under an investment policy authorized by our board of directors. this policy limits the amounts which may be invested in any one issuer and generally limits our investments to u.s. government and agency securities, state and municipal securities and corporate debt obligations of investment grade. concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable are limited due to the large number of employer groups and other customers constituting our client base. as of december 31, 2023, there were no significant concentrations of credit risk.
