item 1a.    risk factors this section discusses material factors that affect our business, operations and financial condition. it does not describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or ownership of our securities. if any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that are not addressed below or that we have not yet identified, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected, and the value of our securities could decline.
as set forth below, we believe that the risks we face generally fall into the following categories:
•risks related to our business operations and strategy
•our capital structure risks
•our legal, compliance and regulatory risks
•our reit status risks risks related to our business operations and strategy macroeconomic trends including rising labor costs and historically low unemployment, increases in inflation, changes in exchange rates and rising interest rates may adversely affect our business and financial results.
macroeconomic trends, including rising labor costs and historically low unemployment, increases in inflation, changes in exchange rates and rising interest rates, may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. increased labor costs and a shortage of available skilled and unskilled workers has and may continue to increase the cost of staffing our or our tenants', managers' or borrowers' workforce, including employees at our senior housing communities. to the extent we or our tenants, managers or borrowers cannot hire sufficient workers, we or they may become dependent on high-cost alternatives to meet labor needs, including contract and overtime labor. if we or they are unable to hire and fill necessary positions, our respective businesses may suffer, causing us or them to forego potential revenue and growth or affecting our or their ability to effectively manage risk. rising labor expense may result in decreased operating net income.
we and our tenants, managers and borrowers compete with various other companies in attracting and retaining qualified and skilled personnel who are responsible for our day-to-day operations. competitive pressures, including historically low unemployment and rising inflation, may require that we or our tenants, managers or borrowers enhance pay and benefits packages to compete effectively for such personnel or use more costly contract or overtime labor. we and our tenants, managers and borrowers may not be able to offset such additional costs by increasing the rates we charge, whether to residents, tenants or others. if there is an increase in these costs or if we or our tenants, managers and borrowers fail to attract and retain qualified and skilled personnel, our respective businesses and operating results could be adversely affected.
the covid-19 pandemic, policy and other actions taken in response to the pandemic and other recent events, such as the conflicts between russia and ukraine and in the middle east and supply chain disruptions, have exacerbated, and may continue to exacerbate, increases in the consumer price index. many of our costs and the costs of our tenants, managers and borrowers, including operating and administrative expenses, interest expense and real estate acquisition and construction costs, are subject to inflation. these include expenses for property-related contracted services, utilities, repairs and maintenance and insurance and general and administrative costs including compensation costs, technology services and professional service fees. see also "-we may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in materials and labor prices or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions, which may adversely affect the status of our construction projects." property taxes are also impacted by inflationary changes because taxes in some jurisdictions are regularly reassessed based on changes in the fair value of our properties. we may not be able to offset such additional costs by passing them through, or increasing the rates we charge, to residents and tenants. if there is an increase in these costs, our business, cash flows and operating results could be adversely affected.
u.s. government policies implemented to address inflation, including actions by the board of governors of the federal reserve system (the "u.s. federal reserve") to increase interest rates, could negatively impact consumer spending, our and our tenants', managers' and borrowers' businesses, and future demand for our properties. in particular, primarily in response to concerns about inflation, the u.s. federal reserve significantly raised its benchmark federal funds rate compared to recent historical levels, which has led to elevated interest rates in the credit markets and other impacts on the macroeconomic environment. elevated interest rates may continue to have an adverse impact on us and our tenants, managers and borrowers. see also "-market conditions and the actual and perceived state of the capital markets generally could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.", "-if our tenants', managers' or borrowers' financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected."
macroeconomic conditions and other events or occurrences that affect areas in which our properties are geographically concentrated may impact financial results.
we are exposed to general economic conditions, local, regional, national and international economic conditions and other events and occurrences that affect the markets in which we own properties. our operating performance is impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties and could be adversely affected if conditions become less favorable in any such markets.
a substantial portion of our value is derived from properties in california, illinois, new york, pennsylvania, texas and quebec, canada, and as a result, we are subject to increased exposure to adverse conditions affecting these regions, including downturns in the local economies or changes in local real estate conditions, changing demographics, increased construction and competition or decreased demand for our properties, regional climate events, such as wildfires or storms, and changes in state-specific legislation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the secondary and tertiary effects of the covid-19 pandemic may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the covid-19 pandemic, policy and other actions taken in response to the pandemic materially and negatively impacted our businesses in a number of ways, and the secondary and tertiary effects of the covid-19 pandemic are expected to continue to do so. for instance, our financial results were adversely impacted by increased operating costs at our senior housing communities as a result of labor pressures, public health measures and other operational and regulatory dynamics attributable or related to the pandemic and decreased revenues due to a reduction in occupancy in these communities. many of our tenants, managers and borrowers also incurred significant costs or losses or are under increased financial pressure as a result of the pandemic and its secondary and tertiary effects, including as a result of increased expenses due to labor and inflationary pressures and elevated interest rates and decreased revenues, which increased the risk that they are unable to comply with their obligations to us.
across our asset classes, the policy and other actions taken in response to the pandemic and its secondary and tertiary effects have created a heightened risk of financial deterioration, including bankruptcy or insolvency, of our tenants, borrowers, managers and other obligors due to factors such as continued decreased occupancy (which remains lower than pre-pandemic levels), increased labor and other operating expenses, elevated interest rates and exposure to increased litigation and regulatory risk. see also "-if our tenants', managers' or borrowers' financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected." and "-we face potential adverse consequences from the bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of our tenants, managers, borrowers and other obligors."
senior housing communities were disproportionately impacted by covid-19 and its secondary and tertiary effects. lower labor force participation rates and inflationary pressures affecting wages drove increased labor expenses across senior housing communities, with our tenants, managers and borrowers implementing higher wage rates, more costly overtime and usage of contract labor to address these challenges. our tenants, managers and borrowers have experienced significant cost increases as a result of inflationary pressures, increased health and safety measures, increased governmental regulation and compliance, vaccine mandates and other operational changes necessitated either directly or indirectly by the covid-19 pandemic. many of these expenses have remained at these higher levels even as the covid-19 pandemic has subsided and labor force participation has increased above pre-pandemic levels and inflation increases have begun to mitigate. increases in labor or other operating costs affects the net operating income of our shop segment and could affect the ability of our triple-net tenants and borrowers to meet their obligations to us, which in turn, could adversely affect our triple-net leased segment.
the secondary and tertiary effects of the covid-19 pandemic on occupancy remains uncertain, especially as new strains of covid-19 and other viruses and infections, such as flu and respiratory syncytial virus (rsv), arise and spread and clinical trends fluctuate. any decrease in occupancy would affect the net operating income of our shop segment and could affect the ability of our triple-net tenants and borrowers to meet their obligations to us, which in turn, could adversely affect our triple-net leased segment.
the secondary and tertiary effects of the covid-19 pandemic, policy and other actions taken in response to the pandemic have impacted the macroeconomic environment and global financial markets in significant ways, including through increased rates of inflation and interest rates and increasing labor pressure. these consequences have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and that of our tenants, managers and borrowers. see also "-risks related to our business operations and strategy-macroeconomic trends including rising labor costs and historically low unemployment, increases in inflation, changes in exchange rates and rising interest rates may adversely affect our business and financial results."
the extent of the secondary and tertiary effects of the covid-19 pandemic, policy and other actions taken in response to the pandemic on our operational and financial performance will depend on a variety of factors, including the rise of new variants of the covid-19 virus and the effectiveness of available vaccines and therapeutics against those variants; the availability and accuracy of testing; the rate of acceptance of available vaccines, vaccine boosters and therapeutics; the speed at which available vaccines, including boosters and updated versions of vaccines, and therapeutics can be successfully deployed; the rise and spread of other health conditions, such as flu and rsv; ongoing clinical experience, which may differ considerably across governmental and regulatory bodies and regions and fluctuate over time; the ongoing impact on the macroeconomic environment and global financial markets, including on inflation, interest rates and the labor market; and on other future developments, including the ultimate duration, spread and intensity of new outbreaks of covid-19 and other conditions, such as flu and rsv, the extent to which governments impose, rollback or re-impose preventative restrictions and the availability of ongoing government financial support to our business, tenants, managers and borrowers.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. the loss of any one of our key personnel or the inability to maintain appropriate staffing could adversely impact our business.
the success of our business depends, in part, on the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees and the ability to maintain appropriate staffing levels across our organization. failure to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified employees, or failure to develop and implement a viable succession plan, could result in loss of institutional knowledge or important skills sets or an ineffective culture, significantly impacting our performance and adversely affecting our business.
the historically low unemployment rate and tight labor market may make it difficult for us to hire skilled and unskilled employees to meet our staffing needs. competition for talented employees is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our employees or that we will be able to attract and retain other highly qualified individuals in the future. if our long-term compensation and retention plans and succession plans are not effective, if we lose any one or more of our key officers and employees or are unable to maintain appropriate staffing or operate below capacity - causing us to forego potential revenue and growth opportunities and affecting our ability to effectively manage risk - our business could be adversely affected.
our third-party managers and tenants operate or exert substantial control over the properties that they manage for or rent from us, which limits our control and influence over operations and results.
a significant portion of our properties are either managed for us by third-party managers or leased from us by third-party tenants. our third-party managers and tenants are ultimately in control of the day-to-day business of the properties that they manage for or lease from us. we have limited rights to direct or influence the business or operations of those properties, even though we have approval rights with respect to certain matters and the right to review operational and financial reporting information with respect to a majority of our portfolio. we depend on third parties to operate these properties in a manner that complies with applicable law and regulation, minimizes legal risk and maximizes the value of our investment. the failure by these third parties to operate these properties efficiently and effectively and adequately manage the related risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our operating assets may expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
under the reit tax rules, the senior housing communities in our shop segment that are "qualified healthcare properties" generally must be operated and managed for us by third-party managers and we have limited rights to direct or influence the business or operations of those communities. a number of our non-qualified healthcare properties are also managed by third-party managers. however, in each case, we nonetheless participate directly in the financial performance of the communities' operations and are ultimately responsible for all operational risks and other liabilities of such properties, other than those arising out of certain actions by our managers, such as gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. these risks include, and our financial performance is impacted by, among other things, fluctuations in occupancy levels, the inability to charge desirable resident fees (including anticipated increases in those fees), increases in the cost of food, supplies, energy, labor (as a result of labor shortages, unionization, inflation or otherwise) or other services, rent control regulations, national and regional economic conditions, the imposition of new or increased taxes, capital expenditure requirements, changes in management or equity, accounting misstatements, professional and general liability claims, litigation and regulatory actions, and the availability and cost of insurance. any one or a combination of these factors could impact the performance of our shop segment, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. such risks could also arise as a result of our ownership of outpatient medical and research buildings, and which could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we generally hold the applicable healthcare license and enroll in applicable government healthcare programs on behalf of the properties in our shop segment. this subjects us to potential liability under various healthcare laws and regulations. healthcare laws and regulations are wide-ranging, and noncompliance may result in the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, including: the loss or suspension of accreditation, licenses or certificates of need; suspension of or non-payment for new admissions; denial of reimbursement; fines; suspension, decertification, or exclusion from federal, state and foreign healthcare programs or community closure.
a significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including brookdale, ardent, kindred, atria and sunrise.
the portfolios managed or leased by atria, sunrise, brookdale, ardent and kindred represent a substantial portion of our portfolio and account for a significant portion of our revenues and noi.
we rely on atria and sunrise to manage a significant portion of the properties in our shop segment, including by setting appropriate resident fees, managing expenses, providing accurate property-level financial results in a timely manner and otherwise operating our senior housing communities profitably and in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable law and regulation. any adverse developments in such managers' business and affairs or financial condition could impair their ability to manage our properties efficiently and effectively and could adversely affect the financial performance of our properties and our business, financial condition and results of operations. if either atria or sunrise experience financial, legal, accounting, regulatory or other difficulties that impact their financial stability or ability to operate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we depend on brookdale, ardent and kindred to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and to comply with the terms of the mortgage financing, if any, affecting the properties they lease from us. these tenants have also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses. we cannot assure you that they will be able to, or will continue to, satisfy their obligations to us, and any failure, inability or unwillingness by them to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. any failure by any one of brookdale, ardent or kindred to effectively conduct its operations or to maintain and improve the properties they lease from us could adversely affect their financial condition and, in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our leases and management agreements have set terms. for example, if not renewed, our lease of 23 ltacs to kindred is set to expire on april 30, 2025 and our lease of 121 senior living assets to brookdale is set to expire on december 31, 2025. while our leases and management agreements may be renewed, either pursuant to prenegotiated renewal rights or through negotiation, there can be no assurance that our tenants will renew their leases with us, or our managers will renew their management agreements with us. even if a tenant renews its lease with us, or a manager renews its management agreement with us, we cannot assure you that the renewals will be on favorable terms. this risk may be exacerbated if market conditions at the time of the renewal are not as favorable as they were at the time the lease or management agreement was initially entered into or if the tenant or manager is subject to financial or operational difficulties. for instance, the financial performance of the properties leased to kindred has declined since the end of the covid-19 pandemic and the termination of the public health emergency, increasing the risk that kindred will not renew its lease, either in whole or in part, or, even if the lease is renewed, that it will be on terms are not as favorable to us. see "our businesses- senior housing operating portfolio (shop)-triple-net leased properties-kindred lease" in part i, item 1 of this annual report.
our leases and management agreements provide us, our tenants and our managers with termination rights in certain circumstances. if our leases or management agreements are not renewed or are otherwise terminated, we may attempt to reposition those properties with one or more tenants or managers, as applicable, or for an alternative use. we may not be successful in identifying suitable replacements or entering into leases, management agreements or other arrangements with new tenants or managers on a timely basis or on terms as favorable to us as our current leases or management agreements, if at all. we may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (such as real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) or provide certain indemnities to preserve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our properties while they are being repositioned.
if our leases are not renewed or are otherwise terminated at some properties, we may attempt to sell those properties. we may not be successful in identifying suitable buyers or entering into sale agreements with buyers on a timely basis or on favorable terms, if at all, and we may be required to fund some expenses and obligations (such as real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our properties while they are being sold.
during transition periods to new tenants or managers or as a result of a repositioning for an alternative use, the attention of existing tenants or managers may be diverted from the performance of the properties, which could cause the financial and operational performance at those properties to decline. our ability to reposition our properties with a suitable replacement tenant or manager or for an alternative use could be significantly delayed or limited by state licensing, receivership, certificates of need, medicaid change-of-ownership rules or other legal and regulatory requirements or restrictions. we could incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any licensing, receivership or change-of-ownership proceedings.
in the case of our leased properties, following expiration of a lease term, or if we exercise our right to replace a tenant in default, rental payments on the related properties could decline or cease altogether while we attempt to reposition the properties with a suitable replacement tenant or for an alternative use. this risk could be exacerbated by laws and regulations in certain jurisdictions that limit our ability to take remedial action against defaulted tenants under certain circumstances. market conditions in effect at the time of the expiration or default of a lease may require us to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge to retain tenants or obtain new suitable replacement tenants. our ability to locate and attract suitable replacement tenants could be impaired by the specialized healthcare use or contractual restrictions on use of the property, and we may be forced to spend substantial amounts to adapt the properties to other uses.
if our tenants', managers' or borrowers' financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we rely heavily on our tenants, managers and borrowers and their ability to perform their obligations to us, regardless of whether our relationship is structured as a triple-net lease, as a management contract or as a loan. any of our tenants, managers or borrowers may experience a weakening in their overall financial condition, including as a result of deteriorating operating performance, changes in industry or market conditions, including supply-demand dynamics, rising or elevated interest rates or inflation, or other factors. if their financial condition deteriorates, they may be unable or unwilling to make payments or perform their obligations to us in a timely manner, if at all. although we generally have the right under specified circumstances to terminate a lease, evict a tenant, terminate our management agreements, demand immediate repayment of outstanding loan amounts or pursue other remedies, we may not be able to enforce these rights, or we may determine it is not prudent to do so if we believe that enforcement of our rights would be more detrimental to our business than seeking alternative approaches.
in some cases, our tenants, managers and borrowers may rely on reimbursements from governmental programs for a portion of their revenues. changes in reimbursement policies and other governmental regulation resulting from actions by the u.s. congress, u.s. executive orders or other governmental or regulatory agencies may result in reductions in our tenants', managers' or borrowers' revenues, operations and cash flows and affect our tenants', managers' or borrowers' ability to meet their obligations to us. failure to comply with reimbursement regulations or other laws applicable to healthcare providers could result in penalties, fines, litigation costs, lost revenue or other consequences, which could adversely impact our tenants' ability to make contractual rent payments to us or adversely impact our cash flows from operations under a management arrangement. our tenants, managers and borrowers who operate senior housing communities often depend on private pay sources consisting of the income or assets of residents or their family members to pay fees. costs associated with independent and assisted living services generally are not reimbursable under government reimbursement programs, such as medicare and medicaid.
our tenants, managers and borrowers depend on their ability to attract seniors, patients and other users of their services to their businesses, which may be affected by many factors, including, among other factors: (i) prevailing economic conditions and market trends, including market volatility, inflation and the strength of the economy generally and the housing market in particular; (ii) the ability to pay for such services, either through private resources or government reimbursement programs; (iii) consumer confidence; (iv) demographics; (v) property conditions; (vi) clinical conditions and safety, including as a result of a severe cold and flu season, an epidemic or any other widespread illness, such as that seen throughout the covid-19 pandemic; (vi) public perception about such healthcare services; and (vii) social and environmental factors.
if our tenants, managers or borrowers fail to effectively conduct their operations, or to maintain and improve our properties on our behalf, it could adversely affect (i) their ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have an adverse effect on our and our tenants', managers' or borrowers' business, financial condition or results of operations and (ii) our business reputation as the owner of the properties and the business reputation of our tenants, managers or borrowers. further, if a tenant, manager or borrower defaults or fails to pay its outstanding obligations at a time when terminating our agreement with, or replacing, such tenant, manager or borrower may be extremely difficult or impossible, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we may elect instead to amend such agreement with such tenant, manager or borrower. however, such amendments may be on terms that are less favorable to us than the original agreements and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we face potential adverse consequences from the bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of our tenants, managers, borrowers and other obligors.
we lease a significant number of our properties to tenants, operate a significant number of our properties through third-party managers and provide financing to third-party borrowers. we have limited control over the success or failure of our tenants', managers' and borrowers' businesses, and, at any time, a tenant, borrower or manager may experience a downturn in its business that weakens its financial condition. if that happens, the tenant, borrower or manager may fail to make payments or meet its other obligations to us, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
a downturn in any one of our tenants', borrowers' or managers' businesses could ultimately lead to its bankruptcy if it is unable to timely resolve the underlying causes, which may be largely outside of its control. bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization that may render certain of our rights and remedies unenforceable or delay our ability to pursue such rights and remedies and realize any recoveries. for example, we cannot evict a tenant solely because it has filed a bankruptcy petition. a debtor-lessee may reject our lease in a bankruptcy proceeding, and any claim we have for unpaid rent might not be paid in full. we also may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (such as real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of our properties, avoid the imposition of liens on our properties or transition our properties to a new tenant or manager.
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings may result in increased costs and require significant management attention and resources. if we are unable to transition affected properties efficiently and effectively, such properties could experience prolonged operational disruption, leading to lower occupancy rates and further depressed revenues. publicity about a tenant's, borrower's or manager's financial condition and insolvency proceedings may negatively impact its reputation, which could result in decreased customer demand and revenues. any or all of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. these risks would be magnified where we lease multiple properties to a single third party, as a failure or default would expose us to these risks across multiple properties.
see also "-if a borrower defaults, we may be unable to obtain payment, successfully foreclose on collateral or realize the value of any collateral, which could adversely affect our ability to recover our investment." below.
we may be required to recognize reserves, allowances, credit losses or impairment charges.
declines in the value of our properties or other assets or loan collateral, financial deterioration of our borrowers or other obligors or other factors may result in the recognition of reserves, allowances, credit losses or impairment charges. our determination of such reserves, allowances or credit losses relies on estimates regarding the fair value of any loan collateral, which is a complex and subjective process. in addition, we evaluate our assets for impairments based on various triggers, including market conditions, our current intentions with respect to holding or disposing of the assets and the expected future undiscounted cash flows from the assets. impairments, reserves, allowances and credit losses are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain, may increase or decrease in the future and may not represent or reflect the ultimate value of, or loss that we ultimately realize with respect to, the relevant assets. any such impairment, reserve, allowance or credit loss, or any change in any of the foregoing, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
see also "-if a borrower defaults, we may be unable to obtain payment, successfully foreclose on collateral or realize the value of any collateral, which could adversely affect our ability to recover our investment." and "-we face potential adverse consequences from the bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of our tenants, managers, borrowers and other obligors."
if a borrower defaults, we may be unable to obtain payment, successfully foreclose on collateral or realize the value of any collateral, which could adversely affect our ability to recover our investment.
if a borrower defaults under a mortgage or other loan for which we are the lender, we may attempt to obtain payment in full or foreclose on the collateral securing the loan, including by acquiring any pledged equity interests or acquiring title to the subject properties, to protect our investment. the defaulting borrower may not be able to repay us even if we are legally entitled to full repayment of the debt. the defaulting borrower may contest our enforcement of foreclosure or other available remedies, seek bankruptcy protection against our exercise of enforcement or other available remedies or bring claims against us for lender liability. any such delay or limit on our ability to pursue our rights or remedies could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. see "-we face potential adverse consequences from the bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of our tenants, managers, borrowers and other obligors." above.
although our loan agreements give us the right to exercise, under certain circumstances, certain remedies in the event of default on the obligations owing to us, we may decide not to exercise those remedies for one or more reasons. for example, we may not exercise remedies (or be successful in exercising remedies) if the terms are not enforceable, if the terms are too costly to enforce or if we believe that enforcement of our rights would be more detrimental to our business than seeking alternative approaches. we may also decide not to enforce other contractual protections, such as annual rent escalators, or the properties may not generate sufficient revenue to achieve the specified rent escalation parameters.
even if we successfully foreclose on any collateral securing our mortgages and other loans, costs related to enforcement of our remedies, high loan-to-value ratios or declines in the value of the collateral could prevent us from realizing the full amount of our investment and we could be required to record a reserve or valuation allowance with respect to such loans. the collateral securing our mortgages and other loans may include equity interests in an entity with unexpected liabilities that limits the value of those equity interests, or the equity interests may be subject to securities law restrictions that limit our ability to sell those interests in a timely manner, if at all. the mortgages and other loans we hold may have other limiting characteristics that result in us not having full recourse to the collateral securing those obligations or may limit our flexibility if we foreclose on the collateral. in connection with any foreclosure on any loan, we may be required to assume, replace or otherwise incur indebtedness, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. we may be unable to reposition any real property included in acquired collateral on a timely basis, if at all, or without making significant improvements or repairs. any delay or costs incurred in selling or repositioning acquired collateral could adversely affect our ability to recover the full amount of our investment.
we are vulnerable to adverse changes affecting our specific asset classes and the real estate industry generally.
we invest in a variety of assets classes in real estate, including senior housing, outpatient medical, research, hospitals, long-term acute care facilities and other healthcare properties. while we endeavor to invest in a diversified portfolio, there can be no assurance that in a particular economic or operational environment all assets will perform equally well or that our balance sheet will be appropriately balanced. each of our asset classes are subject to their own dynamics and their own specific operational, financial, compliance, regulatory and market risks.
a broad downturn or slowdown in the healthcare real estate sector could have a greater adverse impact on our business than if we had investments in multiple industries and could negatively impact the ability of our tenants, managers and borrowers to meet their obligations to us. a downturn or slowdown in any one of our asset classes could adversely affect the value of our properties in such asset class and our ability to sell such properties at prices or on terms acceptable or favorable to us if at all.
we are exposed to the risks inherent in investments in real estate. real estate investments are relatively illiquid, and our ability to quickly sell or exchange our properties in response to changes in economic or other conditions is limited. if we market any of our properties for sale, the value of those properties and our ability to sell at prices or on terms acceptable to us could be adversely affected by a downturn in the real estate industry. transfers of healthcare real estate may be subject to regulatory approvals that are not required for transfers of other types of commercial real estate. we cannot assure you that we will recognize the full value of any property that we sell, and the inability to respond quickly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
to the extent that we or our tenants, managers and borrowers are unable to navigate successfully the trends impacting our or their businesses and the industries in which we or they operate, we may be adversely affected.
our tenants, managers and borrowers include senior housing managers, hospitals, post-acute facilities and other healthcare systems, medical practices and life sciences and technology companies that are subject to a complex set of trends affecting their businesses and the industries in which they operate. if we or they are unable to successfully navigate these trends, our business, financial condition and results and that of our tenants, managers and borrowers could be adversely affected.
there have been, and there are expected to continue to be, advances and changes in technology, payment models, healthcare delivery models, regulation and consumer behavior and perception that could reduce demand for on-site activities provided at our properties. for example, the increased demand in telehealth solutions could broadly impact market demand for our properties and cause long-term structural changes in the marketplace. if our tenants, managers or borrowers are unable to adapt to long-term changes in demand, their financial condition could be materially impacted and our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer.
our tenants, managers and borrowers face a highly competitive labor market, which has been compounded by general inflationary pressures on wages and the secondary and tertiary effects of the covid-19 pandemic and could be further compounded by a shortage of care givers or other trained personnel, union activities or minimum wage laws. for example, california sb-525, which was signed into law in june 2023 and will become effective in june, 2024, requires certain healthcare facility employers to pay wages for certain covered employees that are higher than other state-mandated minimum wages. pressures such as these may require our tenants, managers and borrowers to comply with regulations or enhance pay and benefits packages to compete effectively for trained personnel or use high-cost alternatives to meet labor needs, including contract and overtime labor. they may be unable to offset these increased costs by increasing the amounts they charge their patients, residents or clients. rising labor expense could negatively impact the financial condition of our tenants, managers and borrowers and impair their ability to meet their obligations to us.
controls imposed by medicare, medicaid and commercial third-party payors designed to reduce admissions and lengths of stay, commonly referred to as "utilization reviews," have affected and are expected to continue to affect certain of our tenants, specifically acute care hospitals and post-acute facilities. the u.s. congress and certain state legislatures have introduced and passed a number of proposals and legislation designed to make major changes in the healthcare system, including changes that directly or indirectly affect reimbursement and the availability of home healthcare options. several of these laws, including the affordable care act, have promoted shifting from traditional fee-for-service reimbursement models to alternative payment models that tie reimbursement to quality and cost of care, such as accountable care organizations and bundled payments. see "government regulation-united states healthcare regulation, licensing and enforcement" included in part i, item 1 of this annual report. these and other trends could significantly and adversely affect the profitability of these tenants, which could affect their ability to make payments or meet their other obligations to us or their willingness to renew their leases on terms that are as favorable to us, or at all.
the hospitals on or near the campuses where our outpatient medical buildings are located and their affiliated health systems may not remain competitive or financially viable.
our outpatient medical buildings and other properties that serve the healthcare industry depend on the competitiveness and financial viability of the hospitals on or near the campuses where our properties are located or that our properties are otherwise affiliated with, and their ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related clients to our properties. the viability of these hospitals, in turn, depends on a solid quality and mix of healthcare services provided, successful competition for patients, physicians and physician groups, positive demographic trends in the surrounding community, positive macroeconomic conditions, superior market position and growth potential as well as the ability of the affiliated health systems to provide economies of scale and access to capital. if a hospital on or near the campus where one of our properties is located fails or becomes unable to meet its financial obligations, and if an affiliated health system is unable to support that hospital, that hospital may be unable to compete successfully. that could adversely impact the hospital's ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related clients, and, in some cases, the hospital might even close or relocate. we rely on proximity to and affiliations with hospitals to create leasing demand in our outpatient medical buildings and similar properties. if a hospital moves, closes, doesn't remain competitive or financially viable or can't attract physicians and physician groups, our properties and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we rely on relationships with universities, and changes in our relationships with those universities could adversely affect our operating results.
our research and other properties that serve the life sciences industry often depend on maintaining strong relationships with colleges and universities who often are anchor tenants in our properties and often serve as the ground lessor for the land upon which our properties are built. many of these colleges and universities have significant endowments, a low cost of capital and own and operate their own competing on-campus facilities. these colleges and universities may not renew their leases with us or may not invest their resources in the programming conducted within the space they lease from us, which could have an adverse effect on our properties and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our research tenants face unique levels of expense and uncertainty.
our research tenants develop and sell products and services in an industry that is characterized by rapid and significant changes, evolving industry standards, significant research and development risk, in some cases, and uncertainty over the implementation of new healthcare reform or medical device legislation. these tenants, particularly those involved in developing and marketing pharmaceutical or other life science products, require significant outlays of funds for the research and development, clinical testing, manufacture and commercialization of their products and technologies, as well as to fund their other obligations, including rent payments to us. our tenants' ability to raise capital depends on the timely success of their research and development activities, viability of their products and technologies, their financial and operating condition and outlook and the overall financial, banking and economic environment. if private investors, the federal government, universities, public markets or other sources of funding are unavailable to support these tenants because of general economic conditions, adverse market conditions or otherwise, a tenant may not be able to pay rent or meet its other obligations to us and its business may fail. the financing market for research companies has been and may continue to be volatile, which may contribute to these risks.
the research and development, clinical testing, manufacture and marketing of some of our tenants' products require federal, state and foreign regulatory approvals. the approval process is typically long, expensive and uncertain. even if our tenants have sufficient funds to seek approvals, one or all of their products may fail to obtain the required regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all. our tenants may only have a small number of products under development. if one product fails to receive the required approvals at any stage of development, it could significantly and adversely affect the tenant's entire business. our tenants may be unable to manufacture their products successfully or economically, may be unable to adapt to rapid technological advances in their industry, may be unable to adequately obtain, maintain, enforce, defend, protect or commercialize their intellectual property, may face competition from new products or may not receive acceptance of their products. if our research tenants' business deteriorates for these or any other reasons, they may be unable to make payments or meet their other obligations to us.
we cannot assure you that any of our research tenants will be successful in their businesses. any tenant that is unable to avoid, or sufficiently mitigate, the risks described above may have difficulty making payments or satisfying its other obligations to us, which in turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. see also "-if we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations."
increased construction and development in the markets in which our properties are located could adversely affect our future occupancy rates, operating margins and profitability.
if existing supply and development collectively outpaces demand in the markets in which our properties are located, those markets may become saturated and we could experience decreased occupancy, reduced operating margins and lower profitability, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. depending on the jurisdiction, there are limited barriers to developing properties in our asset classes, particularly senior housing. as a result, supply and demand dynamics can change quickly. we may be unable to rebalance our portfolio in a timely manner in order to respond to changes in those dynamics.
merger, acquisition and investment activity in our industries resulting in a change of control of, or a competitor's investment in, one or more of our tenants, managers or borrowers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the senior housing and healthcare industries have experienced and may continue to experience consolidation, including among owners of real estate, tenants, managers, borrowers and care providers. when a change of control of a tenant, manager or borrower occurs, that tenant's, manager's or borrower's strategy, financial condition, management team or real estate needs may change, any of which could adversely affect our relationship with that party and our revenues and results of operations. if any of our tenants or managers merge with one another, our dependence on a small group of significant third parties would increase, as would our exposure to the risks described above under "-our investments in and acquisitions of properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations." a competitor's investment in one of our tenants, managers or borrowers could enable our competitor to directly or indirectly influence that tenant's, manager's or borrower's business and strategy in a manner that impairs our relationship with the tenant, manager or borrower or is otherwise adverse to our interests. depending on our contractual agreements and the specific facts and circumstances, we may not have the right to prevent a competitor's investment in, a change of control of, or other transactions impacting a tenant, manager or borrower.
our ongoing strategy depends, in part, upon identifying and consummating future acquisitions and investments and effectively managing our expansion opportunities.
an important part of our business strategy is to continue to expand and diversify our portfolio, directly or indirectly with third parties, through accretive acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activities in domestic and international healthcare real estate. our ability to execute this strategy successfully is affected by many factors, including the significant competition we face for acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment opportunities, the availability of suitable opportunities, our relationships with current and prospective clients and partners, our ability to obtain debt and equity capital at costs comparable to or better than our competitors and lower than the yield we earn on our acquisitions or investments and our ability to negotiate favorable terms with counterparties, including buyers and sellers of assets. we compete for these opportunities with a broad variety of potential investors, including other healthcare reits, real estate partnerships, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders and other investors, including developers, banks, insurance companies, pension funds, government-sponsored entities and private equity firms, some of whom may have advantages compared to us, including greater financial resources and lower costs of capital. see "business-competition" included in part i, item 1 of this annual report. if we are unsuccessful at identifying and capitalizing on investment, acquisition, development and redevelopment opportunities and otherwise expanding and diversifying our portfolio, our growth and profitability may be adversely affected.
when expanding into areas that are new to us, we face numerous risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with (i) the required investment of capital and other resources; (ii) the possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk; (iii) the diversion of management's attention from our other businesses; (iv) the increasing demands on or issues related to operational and management systems and controls; (v) compliance with additional legal or regulatory requirements with which we are not familiar; and (vi) the broadening of our geographic footprint, including the risks associated with conducting operations in non-u.s. jurisdictions. any new strategies, markets or businesses that we enter into may not be successful or meet our expectations, or we may be unable to effectively monitor or manage our portfolio of properties as it expands. failure to meet any of these objectives could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our investments in and acquisitions of properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations.
we have made and expect to continue to make significant acquisitions and investments as part of our overall business strategy. investing in and acquiring healthcare real estate entails risks associated with real estate investments generally, including the risk that the investment will not achieve expected returns, that the cost estimates for necessary property improvements will prove inaccurate or that a tenant, manager or borrower will fail to meet performance expectations or their obligations to us. we also make acquisitions and investments outside the united states, which raises legal, economic and market risks associated with doing business in foreign countries, such as currency exchange fluctuations and foreign tax risks.
our real estate development and redevelopment projects present additional risks, including the risk of construction delays or cost overruns that increase expenses, the inability to obtain required zoning, occupancy and other governmental approvals and permits on a timely basis and the incurrence of significant costs prior to completion of the project. healthcare real estate properties are often highly customized, and the development or redevelopment of such properties may require costly tenant-specific or market-driven improvements.
other risks that our significant acquisition and investment activity, including our developments and redevelopments, presents include that:
•we may be unable to successfully integrate the operations, personnel or systems of acquired companies, maintain consistent standards, controls, policies and procedures, retain key personnel or companies we acquire or realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions and other investments within the anticipated time frame if at all;
•our underwriting assumptions, including projections of estimated future revenues and expenses and anticipated synergies and other costs savings, and other financial and operating metrics that we develop may be inaccurate, in which case we may not be able to realize the expected benefits of the acquisition, investment, development or redevelopment;
•our leverage could increase or our per share financial results could decline if we incur additional debt or issue equity securities to finance acquisitions and investments;
•acquisitions and investments could divert management's attention from our existing assets;
•the value of the assets we acquire or invest in may decline or we may not realize the expected return on the developments or redevelopments we undertake; and
•if our acquisitions, investments, developments and redevelopments are not successful, the market price of our common stock may decline.
see also "-our ongoing strategy depends, in part, upon identifying and consummating future acquisitions and investments and effectively managing our expansion opportunities." below.
we cannot assure you that our acquisitions, investments, developments and redevelopments will be successful or meet our expectations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our investments in co-investment vehicles, joint ventures and minority interests may subject us to risks and liabilities that we would not otherwise face.
we have and may continue to develop and acquire properties in co-investment vehicles or joint ventures with other persons or entities when circumstances warrant the use of these structures.  in 2020, we formed ventas investment management ("vim") to combine our private capital management capabilities for certain assets under a single platform. we also own minority investments in properties and unconsolidated operating entities. these minority investments usually entitle us to typical rights and protections but inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations than if we owned a majority interest. in the future, we may enter into additional co-investments, partnerships and joint ventures, either through vim or otherwise.
there can be no assurance that our co-investments, joint ventures, minority or other investments, which we refer to collectively below as investments and ventures, will be successful or meet our expectations. these investments and ventures involve significant risk, including, among others, the following:
•we may be unable to take actions that are opposed by our partners under arrangements that require us to share decision-making authority;
•for investments and ventures in which we have a noncontrolling interest, our partners may take actions that we oppose;
•if our partners become bankrupt, insolvent or otherwise fail to fund their share of required capital contributions or fulfill other partner obligations, we may choose to or be required to contribute that capital;
•some of our investments and ventures may incur indebtedness; in some cases, we may guarantee the payment of such indebtedness, in whole or in part; depending on credit market conditions, the refinancing or payoff of such indebtedness may require equity capital calls, which we or our partner may not be capable of funding or which may be required at inopportune times;
•we may be subject to restrictions on our ability to transfer our interest in the investment or venture, which may require us to retain our interest at a time when we would otherwise prefer to sell it;
•our partners may have business interests or goals that conflict with our business interests and goals, including the timing, terms and strategies for any investments, and what levels of financing to incur or carry;
•our partners may be structured differently than us for tax purposes and this could create conflicts of interest, including with respect to our compliance with the reit requirements, and our reit status could be jeopardized if any of our joint ventures do not operate in compliance with reit requirements;
•our investments or ventures or our partners may be unable to meet their financial or other obligations to us or to the investment or venture, including any obligation to provide equity to the investment or venture or indemnify us or the investment or venture for losses;
•our partners may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflicts of interest;
•we could experience an impasse on certain decisions where we do not have sole decision-making authority, which could require us to expend additional resources on resolving such impasses or potential disputes;
•we could become engaged in a dispute with any of our partners that could lead to the sale of either parties' ownership interest or the underlying assets;
•disagreements with our partners could result in litigation or arbitration; and
•we may suffer other losses as a result of actions taken by our partners.
in some instances, our partners may have the right to cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner's interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction. our ability to acquire our partner's interest will be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity or other capital resources. this may require us to sell our interest in the investment or venture when we would otherwise prefer to retain it.
in certain circumstances, ventas serves as managing member, general partner or controlling party with respect to investments and ventures, including the ventas fund and our joint venture with gic. in such instances, we may face additional risks including, among others, the following:
•ventas may have increased duties to the other investors or partners in the investment or venture;
•in the event of certain events or conflicts, our partners may have recourse against ventas, including the right to monetary penalties, the ability to force a sale or exit the investment or venture;
•our partners may have the right to remove us as the general partner or managing member in certain cases involving cause; and
•our subsidiaries that would be the general partner or managing member of the investment or venture could be generally liable, under applicable law or the governing agreement of a venture, for the debts and obligations of the investment or venture, subject to certain exculpation and indemnification rights pursuant to the terms of the governing agreement.
damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business, financial condition or result of operations.
our positive reputation for quality and service with our stakeholders, including our tenants, managers, development partners, lenders and stockholders, could be damaged. such damage to our reputation could result if, for example, we experience a sustained period of distress, either as a result of general market conditions or otherwise, where our properties underperform, our tenants or managers default or in other instances that result in misalignment with those parties. damage to our reputation could result in a decrease in the market price of our common stock or make it more difficult to continue to grow and expand our relationships with our tenants, managers, development partners and lenders, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability.
we invest in various development and redevelopment projects. in deciding whether to make an investment in a project, we make certain underwriting assumptions regarding expected future performance. our assumptions are subject to risks generally associated with development and redevelopment projects, including, among others, that:
•tenants may not lease the amount of space projected or at the projected rental rate levels or lease on the projected schedule, including due to increased competition in the market and other market and economic conditions;
•our underwriting assumptions and other financial and operating metrics that we develop, such as the estimated costs necessary to develop or redevelop the property, may be inaccurate, in which case we may not be able to realize the expected benefits of the project;
•we may not complete the project on schedule or within budgeted amounts;
•we may not be able to recognize rental revenue even though cash rent is being paid and the lease has commenced;
•we may encounter delays in obtaining or we may fail to obtain necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy, environmental and other governmental permits and authorizations;
•we may be unable to obtain financing for the project on favorable terms or at all, including at the maturity of an applicable construction loan;
•construction or other delays may provide tenants or residents the right to terminate preconstruction leases or cause us to incur additional costs, including through rent abatement;
•volatility in the price of construction materials or labor may increase our project costs;
•any partners in the project may maintain significant decision-making authority with respect to the project, which lessens our control and could lead to increased costs, project delays or disputes;
•our builders or development managers may fail to meet their obligations to us or satisfy the expectations of our tenants and partners; and
•we may incorrectly forecast risks associated with development in new geographic regions or addressing markets that are new to us, including new markets where we may not have sufficient depth of market knowledge.
we may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in materials and labor prices or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions, which may adversely affect the status of our construction projects.
the price of commodities and skilled labor for our construction projects may increase due to external factors, including, but not limited to, performance of third-party suppliers and contractors; overall market supply and demand; elevated or increasing interest rates; government regulation and policies, including actions taken by the federal reserve, and changes in general business, economic or political conditions. as a result, the costs of construction materials and skilled labor required for the completion of our development and redevelopment projects may fluctuate significantly over time.
we rely on a number of third-party suppliers and contractors to supply materials and skilled labor for our construction projects. we may experience difficulties obtaining necessary materials from suppliers or vendors whose supply chains might be disrupted by macroeconomic conditions or otherwise, or difficulties obtaining adequate skilled labor from third-party contractors in a tightening labor market. if we are unable to access materials and labor to complete our construction projects within our expected budgets and meet our tenants' demands and expectations in a timely and efficient manner, our results of operations may be adversely impacted. we may be unable to complete our development or redevelopment projects timely or within our budget, which may affect our ability to lease space to potential tenants and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if any of the risks described above occur, our development and redevelopment projects may not yield anticipated returns, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we own properties that are subject to ground lease, air rights or other restrictive agreements that limit our uses of the properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer the properties and expose us to loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us or terminated.
our investments in outpatient medical buildings and research buildings and facilities as well as other properties may be made through leasehold interests in the land on which the buildings are located, leases of air rights for the space above the land on which the buildings are located, or other similar restrictive arrangements. many of these ground lease, air rights and other restrictive agreements impose significant limitations on our uses of the subject properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer our interests in the properties or restrict the leasing of the properties. these restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties' value or negatively impact our ability to find suitable tenants for the properties. we could lose our interests in the subject properties if the ground lease, air rights or other restrictive agreements are breached by us, are terminated or expire. in addition, we could be forced to renegotiate such ground leases upon their expiration on terms that are unfavorable to us.
purchase options, rights of first offer or rights of first refusal in favor of third parties could negatively affect us or discourage prospective buyers from negotiating with us with respect to the sale of our properties.
some of our properties are subject to purchase options, rights of first offer, rights of first refusal or similar rights in favor of third parties. purchase options for our properties may give a third party the right to purchase the property at fair market value, at a price set based on our investment in the property, or at fixed prices as of certain dates. the proceeds we receive as a result of the exercise of a purchase option may be less than the price we paid for the property, and we may not be able to re-invest the proceeds on favorable terms or at all. in addition, purchase options could force us to sell a property when we would otherwise prefer to hold such property. purchase options, rights of first offer or rights of first refusal that encumber our properties could discourage prospective buyers from negotiating with us and may prevent us from receiving the maximum price that we may otherwise have obtained.
damage from catastrophic or extreme weather and other natural events and the physical effects of climate change could result in losses to the company.
some of our properties are in areas particularly susceptible to revenue loss, cost increase or damage caused by catastrophic or extreme weather and other natural events, including fires, snow, rain or ice storms, windstorms, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding and other severe weather. these adverse weather and natural events could cause substantial damages or losses to our properties that could exceed our or our tenants', borrowers' or managers' property insurance coverage. any of these events could cause a major power outage, leading to a disruption of our systems and operations. if we incur a loss greater than insured limits, or if for any reason insurance coverage is unavailable, we could lose our capital invested in the affected property, as well as anticipated future revenue from that property. any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) property insurance on terms we find acceptable.
if significant changes in the climate occur in areas where our properties are located, we may experience extreme weather and changes in precipitation and temperature, all of which may result in physical damage to or a decrease in demand for properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions. where climate change has a significant or sustained impact, our properties could be destroyed and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
changes in federal, state or foreign legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties and could also require us to spend more on our new development properties without a corresponding increase in revenue.
activist investors could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management's attention and have an adverse effect on our business.
activist investors may from time to time engage in proxy solicitations, advance shareholder proposals or otherwise attempt to affect changes or acquire control over us. for example, on january 10, 2024 an activist investor nominated three candidates to our board of directors in connection with our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders. responding to these actions can be costly and time-consuming, divert the attention of our board and management from the management of our business and the pursuit of our business strategies. in addition to incurred costs, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, damage to our reputation and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified directors, personnel and business partners. these actions could also cause our stock price to experience periods of volatility.
our capital structure risks market conditions and the actual and perceived state of the capital markets generally could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are dependent on the capital markets and any disruption to the capital markets or our ability to access such markets could impair our ability to fulfill our dividend requirements, make payments to our security holders or otherwise finance our business operations. adverse developments affecting economies throughout the world, including rising inflation, a general tightening of availability of credit (including the price, terms and conditions under which it can be obtained), the state of the public and private capital markets, decreased liquidity in certain financial markets, elevated or increased interest rates, foreign exchange fluctuations, declining consumer confidence, the actual or perceived state of the real estate market, tightened labor markets or significant declines in stock markets, as well as concerns regarding pandemics, epidemics and the spread of contagious diseases, could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, unfavorable changes in general economic conditions, including recessions, economic slowdowns, high unemployment and rising prices or the perception by consumers of weak or weakening economic conditions may reduce disposable income and impact consumer spending in healthcare or senior housing, for example, which could adversely affect our financial results.
during inflationary periods, interest rates have historically increased, which would have, and in recent periods has had, a direct effect on the interest expense and overall cost of our borrowings. in particular, primarily in response to concerns about inflation, the u.s. federal reserve has significantly raised its benchmark federal funds rate, which has led to increases in interest rates in the credit markets. the u.s. federal reserve may continue to raise the federal funds rate, may maintain an elevated federal funds rate for longer than the market expects, or may not lower the federal funds rate consistent with market expectations. any of these actions or failure to take action could result in higher interest rates in the credit markets and the possibility of lower asset values, slowing economic growth and/or a recession. we are exposed to increases in or elevated interest rates in the short term through our variable-rate borrowings, which consist of borrowings under our unsecured credit facility, our unsecured term loans, our commercial paper program and certain other credit facilities. therefore, interest rate increases or sustained elevated interest rates, due to inflation or otherwise, have in recent periods increased and may continue to increase our interest expense under these variable-rate facilities in the short term and increase our financing costs as we refinance our existing variable-rate and fixed-rate long-term borrowings, or incur additional interest expense related to the issuance of incremental debt in the long term.
to the extent there is turmoil in the global financial markets, this turmoil has the potential to adversely affect (i) the value of our properties; (ii) the availability or the terms of financing that we have or may be able to obtain; (iii) our ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance when due, any outstanding indebtedness; (iv) our ability to pay a dividend and (v) the ability of our tenants, managers and borrowers to satisfy their obligations to us. disruptions in the capital and credit markets may also adversely affect the market price of our securities.
we are exposed to increases in interest rates, which could reduce our profitability and adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets or engage in acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity, and our decision to hedge against interest rate risk might not be effective.
interest rates have risen over the past number of years. increases in or elevated interest rates may result in a decrease in the value of our real estate, a decrease in the market price of our common stock and a decrease in our cash flows and net income. increases in or elevated interest rates may also adversely affect the securities markets generally, which could reduce the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. any such unfavorable changes to our borrowing costs and price of our common stock could significantly impact our ability to raise new debt and equity capital going forward and increase the cost of financing on our acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity. an increase in or elevated interest rates also could limit our ability to refinance existing debt upon maturity or cause us to pay higher rates upon refinancing, as well as decrease the amount that third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to promptly reposition our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions.
we receive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing assets under long-term triple-net leases that generally provide for fixed rental rates subject to annual escalations, while certain of our debt obligations are floating rate obligations with interest and related payments that vary with the movement of the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"), bankers' acceptance or other indexes. the generally fixed rate nature of a significant portion of our revenues and the variable rate nature of certain of our debt obligations create interest rate risk. if interest rates continue to rise or remain elevated, the costs of our existing floating rate debt would increase or remain elevated and any new debt that we incur could increase. these increased costs could reduce our profitability, impair our ability to meet our debt obligations, or increase the cost of financing our acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity.
we may seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility with hedging arrangements that involve additional risks, including the risks that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes, that the amount of income we earn from hedging transactions may be limited by federal tax provisions governing reits, and that these arrangements may cause us to pay higher interest rates on our debt obligations than otherwise would be the case. moreover, no amount of hedging activity can fully insulate us from the risks associated with changes in interest rates. failure to hedge effectively against interest rate risk, if we choose to engage in such activities, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have a significant amount of outstanding indebtedness and may incur additional indebtedness in the future.
as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately $13.6 billion of outstanding principal indebtedness. the instruments governing our existing indebtedness permit us to incur substantial additional debt, including secured debt, and we may satisfy our capital and liquidity needs through additional borrowings. our indebtedness requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, thereby reducing the funds available to implement our business strategy and make distributions to stockholders. a high level of indebtedness on an absolute basis or as a ratio to our cash flow could also have the following consequences:
•potential limits on our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions and vulnerability in the event of a downturn in general economic conditions or in the real estate or healthcare industries;
•potential impairment of our ability to obtain additional financing to execute on our business strategy; and
•potential downgrade in the rating of our debt securities by one or more rating agencies, which could have the effect of, among other things, limiting our access to capital and increasing our cost of borrowing.
we mortgage, and expect to continue to mortgage, certain of our properties to secure payment of indebtedness. if we are unable to meet our mortgage payments, then the encumbered properties could be foreclosed upon or transferred to the mortgagee with a resulting loss of income and asset value.
we are highly dependent on access to the capital markets. limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on us, including our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy.
we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise the capital necessary to meet our debt service obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy if our cash flow from operations is insufficient to satisfy these needs. we cannot assure you that conditions in the capital markets will not deteriorate, that our access to capital and other sources of funding will not become constrained or that interest rates will not rise, any of which could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings, renewals or refinancings and our results of operations and financial condition. if we cannot access capital at an acceptable cost or at all, we may be required to liquidate one or more investments in properties at times that may not permit us to maximize the return on those investments or that could result in adverse tax consequences to us.
as a public company, our access to debt and equity capital depends, in part, on the trading prices of our senior notes and common stock, which, in turn, depend upon market conditions that change from time to time, such as the market's perception of our financial condition, our growth potential and our current and expected future earnings and cash distributions. our failure to meet the market's expectation regarding future earnings and cash distributions or a significant downgrade in the ratings assigned to our long-term debt could impact our ability to access capital or increase our borrowing costs.
the secondary and tertiary effects of the covid-19 pandemic on our business could lead to downgrades of our long-term credit rating. see "risk factors-risks related to our business operations and strategy-the secondary and tertiary effects of the covid-19 pandemic may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations." above. any future downgrades could increase our borrowing costs, which would make it more difficult or expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing obligations and commitments.
we rely on the financial institutions that are parties to our revolving credit facilities. if these institutions become capital constrained, tighten their lending standards or become insolvent or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from other borrowers within a short period of time, they may be unable or unwilling to honor their funding commitments to us, which would adversely affect our ability to draw on our revolving credit facilities and, over time, could negatively impact our ability to consummate acquisitions, repay indebtedness as it matures, fund capital expenditures or make distributions to our stockholders.
we may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
our ownership of properties in canada and the united kingdom currently subjects us to fluctuations in the exchange rates between u.s. dollars and canadian dollars or the british pound, which may, from time to time, impact our financial condition and results of operations. if we continue to expand our international presence through investments in, or acquisitions or development of, senior housing or healthcare assets outside the united states, canada or the united kingdom, we may transact business in other foreign currencies. although we may pursue hedging alternatives, including borrowing in local currencies, to protect against foreign currency fluctuations, we cannot assure you that such hedging will be successful and that fluctuations will not adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
covenants in the instruments governing our and our subsidiaries' existing indebtedness limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach could adversely affect our operations.
the terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness require us to comply with certain customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage, leverage ratios and minimum net worth requirements. our continued ability to incur additional debt and to conduct business in general is subject to our compliance with these covenants, which limit our operational flexibility. breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the applicable debt instruments and could trigger defaults under any of our other indebtedness that is cross-defaulted against such instruments, even if we satisfy our payment obligations. covenants contained in the instruments governing our subsidiaries' outstanding mortgage indebtedness may restrict our ability to obtain cash distributions from such subsidiaries for the purpose of meeting our debt service obligations. financial and other covenants that limit our operational flexibility, as well as defaults resulting from our breach of any of these covenants, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our legal, compliance and regulatory risks significant legal or regulatory proceedings could subject us or our tenants or managers to increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect our or their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, we or our tenants or managers may be subject to lawsuits, investigations, claims and other legal or regulatory proceedings arising out of our alleged actions or the alleged actions of our tenants or managers. these claims may include, among other things, professional liability and general liability claims, commercial liability claims, unfair business practices claims, class action claims, employment claims, as well as regulatory proceedings, including proceedings related to our shop segment, where we are typically the holder of the applicable healthcare license.
in our operating assets, including those in our shop and outpatient medical and research segments, we are generally responsible for all liabilities of the properties, including any lawsuits, investigations, claims and other legal or regulatory proceedings, other than those arising out of certain limited actions by our managers, such as those caused by gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. as a result, we have exposure to, among other things, professional and general liability claims, employment law claims and the associated litigation and other costs related to defending and resolving such claims, some of which may be uninsured, either as a result of insufficient coverage or unavailability of coverage at a reasonable price. in our shop segment in particular, if one of our managers fails to comply with applicable law or regulation, we may be held responsible, which could subject us to civil, criminal and administrative penalties, including the loss or suspension of accreditation, licenses or certificates of need; suspension of or nonpayment for new admissions; denial of reimbursement; fines; suspension, decertification, or exclusion from federal, state or foreign healthcare programs; or facility closure. in addition, we cannot assure you that any contractual obligations to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from such liabilities will be satisfied by third parties, or that any purchase price consideration held in escrow will be sufficient to satisfy claims for which we are entitled to indemnification.
an unfavorable resolution of any such lawsuit, investigation, claim or other legal or regulatory proceeding could materially and adversely affect our or our tenants' or managers' liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, and may not be protected by sufficient or any insurance coverage. even with a favorable resolution of litigation or a proceeding, the effect of litigation and other potential litigation and proceedings may materially increase operating costs we or our tenants or managers incur. negative publicity with respect to any lawsuits, claims or other legal or regulatory proceedings may also negatively impact their or our or the properties' reputation.
our senior housing and healthcare business may be subject to lawsuits or other legal or regulatory proceedings across multiple jurisdictions, such as professional or general liability litigation alleging wrongful death and negligence claims, some of which may result in large damage awards and not be indemnified or subject to sufficient insurance coverage, may require our support as a result of our indemnification agreements or may result in restrictions in the operations of our or our tenants' or managers' business.
we and our tenants, managers and borrowers may be adversely affected by regulation and enforcement.
we and our tenants, managers and borrowers are subject to or impacted by extensive and frequently changing federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. for example, the healthcare industry is subject to laws and regulations that relate to, among other things, licensure and certificates of need, conduct of operations, ownership of communities and facilities, construction of new communities and facilities and addition of equipment, governmental reimbursement programs, such as medicare and medicaid, allowable costs, services, prices for services, qualified beneficiaries, appropriateness and classification of care, patient rights, resident health and safety, data privacy and cybersecurity, wage and hour, fraud and abuse and financial and other arrangements that may be entered into by healthcare providers. we generally hold the applicable healthcare licenses and enroll in applicable government healthcare programs on behalf of the properties in our shop segment, and that subjects us to potential liability under some healthcare laws and regulations. see "government regulation-united states healthcare regulation, licensing and enforcement" included in part i, item 1 of this annual report. many of our research tenants are subject to laws and regulations that govern the research, development, clinical testing, manufacture and marketing of drugs, medical devices and similar products.
the laws and regulations that apply to us and our tenants, managers and borrowers are complex and may change rapidly, and efforts to comply with them require significant resources. any changes in scope, interpretation or enforcement of the regulatory framework could require us or our tenants, managers or borrowers to make changes to their business or operations and invest significant resources in responding to these changes. if we or our tenants, managers or borrowers fail to comply with the extensive laws, regulations and other requirements applicable to our or their businesses and the operation of our or their properties, we or they could face a number of remedial actions, including forced closure, loss of accreditation, bans on admissions of new patients or residents, enforcement actions, investigations, imposition of fines, ineligibility to receive reimbursement from governmental and private third-party payor programs or civil or criminal penalties. if any of these occur, our and our tenants', managers' and borrowers' businesses, reputation, results of operations (including results of properties) or financial condition could be adversely affected.
our investments may expose us to unknown liabilities.
we may acquire or invest in properties or businesses that are subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, against the prior owners or other third parties with respect to unknown liabilities. as a result, if a liability were asserted against us based upon ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle or contest it, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow.
we may assume or incur liabilities, including, in some cases, contingent liabilities, and be exposed to actual or potential claims in connection with our acquisitions that adversely affect us, such as:
•liabilities relating to the clean-up or remediation of environmental conditions;
•unasserted claims of vendors or other persons dealing with the sellers;
•liabilities, claims and litigation, including indemnification obligations, whether incurred in the ordinary course of business, relating to periods prior to or following our acquisition;
•claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the sellers; and
•liabilities for taxes relating to periods prior to our acquisition.
if the liabilities we assume in connection with acquisitions are greater than expected, or if we discover obligations relating to the acquired properties or businesses, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
there is a high degree of uncertainty regarding the implementation and impact of the cares act and other pandemic-related legislation. there can be no assurance as to the total amount of financial assistance that we or our tenants, managers or borrowers will receive or retain.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, the cares act, the consolidated appropriations act of 2021 and the american rescue plan act of 2021 authorized funds to be distributed to healthcare providers through the provider relief fund, which is administered by the hhs. these grants were intended to reimburse eligible providers for healthcare-related expenses or lost revenues attributable to covid-19. recipients are not required to repay distributions from the provider relief fund, provided that they attest to and comply with certain terms and conditions, including reporting, record maintenance and audit requirements and not using grants received from the provider relief fund to reimburse expenses or losses that other sources are obligated to reimburse. federal, state and local governments and agencies implemented or announced other programs to provide financial and other support to businesses affected by the covid-19 pandemic, some of which benefited our tenants, borrowers, managers and our shop segment, but that impose significant regulatory and compliance obligations.
we applied for and received from the provider relief fund in late 2020 through 2022 on behalf of the assisted living communities in our shop segment. many of our tenants, managers and borrowers also received grants from the provider relief fund. as a recipient of funds from the provider relief fund, we are required to comply with detailed reporting requirements specified by hhs, including in some instances by providing a third-party audit of the use of the funds received in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards or in conformance with the requirements of 45 cfr §75.514. in addition, the hhs office of inspector general and the pandemic response accountability committee each have the right to conduct their own audits of our use of funds from the provider relief fund and hhs has the right to recoup some or all of the payments if it determines those payments were not made or the funds not used in compliance with its rules, regulations and interpretive guidance. for example, in may 2023, the hhs office of inspector general notified us that they would be conducting an audit of thirty assisted living applicants' use of the funds received from the provider relief fund. two of our applications were selected as part of the audit. while we believe we are in compliance with all requirements related to the payments received, we cannot assure you of that and we cannot assure you that some or all of the grants received will not need to be repaid.
there remains a high degree of uncertainty surrounding the implementation, interpretation and application of the cares act, the ppphce act, the caa and other federal, state and local government pandemic relief programs, and the rules, regulations and guidance thereunder. there can be no assurance that we or our tenants, managers or borrowers are or will remain in compliance with all requirements related to the payments received under the provider relief fund or other government relief programs, that the terms and conditions of the provider relief fund grants or other government relief programs will not change or be interpreted in ways that affect our ability or the ability of our tenants, managers and borrowers to comply with such terms and conditions (which could affect the ability to retain any grants or other funds), the amount of total financial grants or other funds that we or our tenants, managers or borrowers may ultimately receive or our or their eligibility to participate in any future funding. we continue to assess the potential impact of the covid-19 pandemic and government responses to the pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we and our tenants, managers and borrowers may be adversely affected by complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy and cybersecurity.
in the ordinary course of business, we and our tenants, managers and borrowers collect, use, store, disclose, transfer and otherwise process personal information, including personal information specific to tenants, residents and employees. we or our tenants, managers and borrowers may transfer some of this personal information to third parties who assist with certain aspects of our or their business for limited purposes. accordingly, we and our tenants, managers and borrowers are subject to a variety of stringent data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations at the state, federal and international level, as well as contractual requirements and other obligations related to data privacy and cybersecurity. for more information about applicable data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, see "government regulation-united states healthcare regulation, licensing and enforcement-data privacy and cybersecurity" for a discussion of u.s. data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations and "government regulation-international healthcare regulation" for a discussion of international data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations.
the legal and regulatory environment surrounding data privacy and cybersecurity is constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. laws and regulations governing data privacy, cybersecurity, and the unauthorized disclosure of personal information pose increasingly complex compliance challenges, including the potential for inconsistent interpretation, and the implementation and maintenance of compliance measures may potentially elevate our costs. while we believe we have taken commercially reasonable steps, and depend on our tenants, managers and borrowers, to comply with applicable data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, these laws and regulations are in some cases relatively new and the interpretation and application of these laws and regulations are uncertain. thus, there can be no assurance that our efforts will be deemed effective by regulatory authorities. as noted below, we and our tenants, managers and borrowers, are also subject to the possibility of cybersecurity threats or incidents, which themselves may result in a violation of these laws and regulations and may require us or our tenants, managers or borrowers to report certain incidents to affected individuals or the relevant regulatory authorities. these laws and regulations, and the laws and regulations that may be enacted in the future, also may require us or our tenants, managers or borrowers to modify our or their data processing practices and policies, incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses and otherwise suffer adverse impacts on our or their business. any failure, or perceived failure, by us or our tenants, managers or borrowers to comply with applicable data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations could result in enforcement actions, investigations, imposition of fines, or civil or criminal penalties. if any of the foregoing occurs, our and our tenants', managers' and borrowers' businesses, reputation, results of operations (including results of properties) or financial condition could be adversely affected.
the occurrence of cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our operations or the operations of the third parties with whom we do business, invest in or lend to, result in the loss of confidential or personal information or damage our or their business relationships and reputation.
cybersecurity threats and incidents have been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level and will likely continue to increase in frequency and severity in the future. our business and the businesses of our tenants, managers, borrowers and third parties in whom we invest are subject to greater risk from cybersecurity threats and incidents, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to systems and networks, to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential or personal information and other cybersecurity breaches. such attempts can originate from a wide variety of sources, including organized crime, hackers, activists, terrorists, nation-states, state-sponsored actors and others, any of which may see their effectiveness enhanced by the use of artificial intelligence.
while we have implemented measures designed to help mitigate these threats for our business, these measures cannot guarantee that we will be successful in preventing a cybersecurity incident. our information technology systems and networks are essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations of our business, and a cybersecurity threat or incident could result in a data center outage, disrupt our systems and operations, compromise the confidential or personal information of our employees, partners or the residents in our senior housing communities and damage our business relationships and reputation. although we have implemented various measures designed to manage risks to information technology systems and networks relating to these types of events, these measures could prove to be inadequate. if our systems or networks are compromised, they could become inoperable for extended periods of time, cease to function properly or fail to adequately secure confidential and personal information, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to operate our business.
cybersecurity threats and incidents, such as those involving software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failure, telecommunications failures, error or misconduct, ransomware, covertly introduced malware, denial-of-service attacks, impersonation of authorized users or other social engineering schemes (including phishing attacks), industrial or other espionage and other cybersecurity breaches may not be identified even with sophisticated prevention and detection systems, potentially resulting in further harm and preventing them from being addressed appropriately. the failure of our systems or of our disaster recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in our operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information, material nonpublic information and intellectual property and trade secrets and other confidential or sensitive information we possess.
we do not control the information technology systems and network or cybersecurity defenses put in place by our tenants, managers, borrowers or third parties with whom we invest or otherwise do business, all of whom are subject to risks associated with cybersecurity threats and incidents. for example, in november 2023, ardent became aware of a cybersecurity incident, which ardent determined to be a ransomware attack and which resulted in disruptions to certain aspects of ardent's clinical and financial operations. if those parties are unable to adequately manage those risks, their results of operations, financial condition and the viability of their business could be adversely affected, which could in turn have an adverse impact on us and our business.
in the event of a cybersecurity incident involving us or our tenants, managers or borrowers or third parties with whom we invest or otherwise do business, we and they may be required to make a significant investment to attempt to mitigate or remediate the effects of any cybersecurity incidents, which efforts may not be successful. we and they may be subject to legal claims and regulatory or enforcement actions and may experience harm to our reputations and adverse publicity. we and they may not have adequate or any insurance coverage to cover any costs, expenses or other losses.
the amount and scope of insurance coverage provided by our policies and policies maintained by our tenants, managers or other counterparties may not adequately insure against losses.
we maintain or require in our lease, management and other agreements that our tenants, managers or other counterparties maintain comprehensive insurance coverage on our properties and their operations with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles that we believe are customary for similarly situated companies in each industry. although we frequently review our insurance programs and requirements, we cannot assure you that we or our tenants, managers or other counterparties will be able to procure or maintain adequate levels of insurance. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, the cost of insurance has increased and may further increase, and, due to changes in coverage terms resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, insurance may not cover some claims related to covid-19. we also cannot assure you that we or our tenants, managers or other counterparties will maintain the insurance coverage required under our lease, management and other agreements, that we will continue to require the same levels of insurance under our lease, management and other agreements, that this insurance will be available at a reasonable cost in the future or at all or that the policies maintained will fully cover all losses on our properties when a catastrophic event occurs. we cannot make any guaranty as to the future financial viability of the insurers that underwrite our policies and the policies maintained by our tenants, managers and other counterparties. if we sustain losses in excess of our insurance coverage, we may be required to pay the difference and we could lose our investment in, or experience reduced profits and cash flows from, our operations.
in some cases, we and our tenants and managers may be subject to professional liability, general liability, employment, premise, data privacy, cybersecurity, environmental, unfair business practice and contracts claims brought by plaintiffs' attorneys seeking significant damages and attorneys' fees, some of which may not be insured or indemnified and some of which may result in significant damage awards. due to the historically high frequency and severity of professional liability claims against senior housing and healthcare providers, the availability of professional liability insurance has decreased, and the premiums on this insurance coverage remain costly. insurance for other claims such as wage and hour, certain environmental, data privacy, cybersecurity and unfair business practices may no longer be available, and the premiums on that insurance coverage, to the extent it is available, remain costly. as a result, insurance protection against these claims may not be sufficient to cover all claims against us or our tenants or managers and may not be available at a reasonable cost or otherwise on terms that provide adequate coverage. if we or our tenants and managers are unable to maintain adequate insurance coverage or are required to pay damages, we or they may be exposed to substantial liabilities, and the adverse impact on our or our tenants' and managers' respective financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be material, and could adversely affect our tenants' and managers' ability to meet their obligations to us.
additionally, we and those of our tenants and managers who self-insure or who transfer risk of losses to a wholly-owned captive insurance company could incur large funded and unfunded property and liability expenses, which could materially adversely affect their or our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
failure to maintain effective internal controls could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
under the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, we are required to provide a report by management on internal control over financial reporting, including management's assessment of the effectiveness of that control. because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud, effective internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect material misstatement and can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting and our operating internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls as a result of changes to our business or otherwise, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected and we could fail to meet our reporting obligations.
we could incur substantial liabilities and costs if any of our properties are found to be contaminated with hazardous substances or we become involved in any environmental disputes.
under federal and state environmental laws and regulations, a current or former owner of real property may be liable for costs related to the investigation, removal and remediation of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum that are released from or are present at or under, or that are disposed of in connection with the property. owners of real property may also face other environmental liabilities, including government fines and penalties imposed by regulatory authorities and damages for injuries to persons, property or natural resources. environmental laws and regulations often impose liability without regard to whether the owner was aware of, or was responsible for, the presence, release or disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum. in some circumstances, environmental liability may result from the activities of a current or former tenant or manager of the property. although we generally have indemnification rights against the current tenants or managers of our properties for contamination they cause, that indemnification may not adequately cover all environmental costs. see "government regulation-environmental regulation" included in part i, item 1 of this annual report.
our reit status risks loss of our status as a reit would have significant adverse consequences for us and the value of our common stock.
if we lose our status as a reit (currently or with respect to any tax years for which the statute of limitations has not expired), we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to satisfy our obligations, to implement our business strategy and to make distributions to our stockholders because:
•we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to regular u.s. federal corporate income tax for any taxable year for which we did not qualify as a reit;
•we could be subject to increased state and local taxes for those years; and
•unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a reit for four taxable years following the latest taxable year during which we were disqualified.
in addition, for any year in which we are otherwise unable to qualify as a reit, we will not be required to pay dividends to maintain reit status, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock.
qualification as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the code for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. the determination of factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control, as well as new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions, may adversely affect our investors or our ability to remain qualified as a reit for tax purposes. in order to maintain our qualification as a reit, we must satisfy a number of requirements, generally including requirements regarding the ownership of our stock, requirements regarding the composition of our assets, a requirement that at least 95% of our gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources, and a requirement to make distributions to our stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of our net taxable income, excluding capital gains. although we believe that we currently qualify as a reit, we cannot assure you that we will continue to qualify for all future periods.
the 90% distribution requirement will decrease our liquidity and may limit our ability to engage in otherwise beneficial transactions.
to comply with the 90% distribution requirement applicable to reits and to avoid a nondeductible excise tax and federal corporate income tax on undistributed reit taxable income, we must make annual distributions of 100% of our reit taxable income to our stockholders. such distributions reduce the funds we have available to finance our investment, acquisition, development and redevelopment activity and may limit our ability to engage in transactions that are otherwise in the best interests of our stockholders.
from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to satisfy the reit distribution requirements. for example, timing differences between the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses, on the one hand, and the inclusion of that income and deduction of those expenses in arriving at our taxable income, on the other hand, or non-deductible expenses such as principal amortization or repayments or capital expenditures in excess of non-cash deductions may prevent us from having sufficient cash or liquid assets to distribute 100% of our reit taxable income.
in the event that timing differences occur (or, as applicable, we decide to retain cash or to distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation), we may seek to borrow funds, issue additional equity securities, pay taxable stock dividends, distribute other property or securities or engage in other transactions intended to enable us to meet the reit distribution requirements. any of these actions may require us to raise additional capital to meet our obligations; however, see "-our capital structure risks-we are highly dependent on access to the capital markets. limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on us, including our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy," above. the terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness restrict our ability to engage in certain of these transactions.
to preserve our qualification as a reit, our certificate of incorporation contains ownership limits with respect to our capital stock that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control of our company.
our certificate of incorporation contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our common and preferred stock to enable us to preserve our reit status. our certificate of incorporation provides certain specified remedies if a transfer would violate one of the ownership limitations. in particular, if a person acquires beneficial or constructive ownership of more than the ownership limit (currently, 9.0%, in number or value, of our outstanding common stock or more than 9.9%, in number or value, of our outstanding preferred stock), or in violation of certain other limitations set forth in our certificate of incorporation, then the shares that are beneficially or constructively owned in excess of the relevant limitation are considered "excess shares." excess shares are automatically deemed transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable institution or other qualifying organization selected by our board of directors. the trust is entitled to all dividends with respect to the excess shares and the trustee may exercise all voting power over the excess shares. we also have the right to purchase the excess shares for a price equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that created the excess shares or (ii) the market price on the day we purchase the shares, and we may defer payment of the purchase price for up to five years. if we do not purchase the excess shares, the trustee of the trust is required to transfer the shares at the direction of our board of directors. the owner of the excess shares is entitled to receive the lesser of the proceeds from the sale of the excess shares or the original purchase price for such excess shares, and any additional amounts are payable to the beneficiary of the trust. these ownership limits could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders.
our use of taxable reit subsidiaries is limited under the code.
under the code, no more than 20% of the value of the gross assets of a reit may be represented by securities of one or more taxable reit subsidiaries ("trss"). this limitation may affect our ability to increase the size of our trss' operations and assets, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the applicable limitation, or that such compliance will not adversely affect our business. also, our trss may not, among other things, operate or manage healthcare facilities, which may cause us to forgo investments we might otherwise make. finally, we may be subject to a 100% excise tax as a result of transactions involving our trss to the extent that it is determined that those transactions resulted in our trss having less taxable income than the trss would have had if the transactions were undertaken by unrelated parties on an arm's-length basis. we believe our arrangements with or involving our trss are on arm's-length terms and intend to continue to operate in a manner that allows us to avoid incurring the 100% excise tax described above, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid application of that tax.
complying with reit requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities (including investing in our tenants) or liquidate otherwise attractive investments.
to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our common stock. in order to meet these tests, we may be required to forego investments we might otherwise make (including investments in our tenants) or to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. this limited investment scope could also lead to financial risks or limit our flexibility during times of operating instability.
the lease of qualified healthcare properties to a trs is subject to special requirements.
we lease certain healthcare properties to trss, which in turn contract with third-party managers to manage the healthcare operations at these properties. the rents we receive from a trs pursuant to this arrangement are treated as qualifying rents from real property if the healthcare property is a qualified health care property (as defined in the code), the rents are paid pursuant to a lease with a trs and the manager qualifies as an eligible independent contractor (as defined in the code). the determination of what is a qualified healthcare property is complex and, particularly with respect to unlicensed properties, dependent on the day-to-day operations and other arrangements in place at those properties. we believe that we have appropriately determined which of our properties are properly characterized as qualified healthcare properties and that we have structured the applicable leases and related arrangements in a manner intended to meet these requirements, but there can be no assurance that these conditions will be satisfied. if any of these conditions is not satisfied with respect to a particular lease, then the rents we receive with respect to such lease will not be qualifying rents, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to comply with reit income tests and thus on our ability to qualify as a reit unless we are able to avail ourselves of certain relief provisions.
the tax imposed on reits engaging in "prohibited transactions" may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes.
a reit's net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% penalty tax. in general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, unless certain safe harbor exceptions apply. although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the irs would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to satisfy the available safe harbors.
ventas may incur adverse tax consequences if new senior or any of ventas's subsidiary reits failed to qualify as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
ventas completed its merger with new senior and received an opinion from reit counsel to the effect that, at all times starting with its taxable year ended december 31, 2014 and through the closing date, new senior was organized and operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a reit under the code. the opinion is not binding on the irs or any court, and it is possible that the irs could take a contrary position or that this tax position might not be sustained. if new senior failed to qualify as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes, ventas would succeed to any tax liabilities. these liabilities could be significant, and ventas could possibly fail to qualify as a reit. if new senior failed to qualify as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes, for the five-year period after the merger, upon a taxable disposition of any of new senior's assets, ventas could be subject to corporate-level tax with respect to all or a portion of the gain so recognized. ventas's reit status also depends on the ongoing qualification of subsidiary entities qualifying as reits or trss, as applicable, as a result of its substantial ownership interest in those entities.
legislative or other actions affecting reits or taxes could have a negative effect on our stockholders or us.
the rules dealing with federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the irs and the u.s. treasury department. changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could adversely affect our investors or us. new legislation, u.s. treasury department regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a reit, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in us. also, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a reit. in addition, we are subject to some taxes on our income and property even if we qualify as a reit, including state, local, and foreign taxes, and u.s. federal income taxes in the case of our taxable reit subsidiaries. to the extent the company is required to pay any taxes under existing laws or due to future changes in law, we will have less cash available for distribution to shareholders. the company is continuing to evaluate the potential effect of pending legislation related to interest expense deductibility in canada, which could have a significant impact to income tax expense and cash taxes in future periods.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion provides information that management believes is relevant to an understanding and assessment of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of ventas, inc. you should read this discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report and our risk factors included in part i, item 1a of this annual report.
business summary and overview of 2023
ventas, inc., (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or except where the context otherwise requires, "we," "us," "our," "company" and other similar terms) an s&p 500 company, is a real estate investment trust ("reit") focused on delivering strong, sustainable shareholder returns by enabling exceptional environments that benefit a large and growing aging population. we hold a portfolio that includes senior housing communities, outpatient medical buildings, research centers, hospitals and healthcare facilities located in north america and the united kingdom. as of december 31, 2023, we owned or had investments in approximately 1,400 properties (including properties classified as held for sale). our company is headquartered in chicago, illinois with additional corporate offices in louisville, kentucky and new york, new york.
we elected to be taxed as a reit under sections 856 through 860 of the internal revenue code (the "code"), commencing with our taxable year ended december 31, 1999. provided we qualify for taxation as a reit, we generally will not be required to pay u.s. federal corporate income taxes on our reit taxable income that is currently distributed to our stockholders. in order to maintain our qualification as a reit, we must satisfy a number of highly technical requirements, which impact how we invest in, operate or manage our assets. see "risk factors-our reit status risks" included in part i, item 1a of this annual report.
we primarily invest in our portfolio of real estate assets through wholly-owned subsidiaries and other co-investment entities. we operate through three reportable business segments: senior housing operating portfolio, which we also refer to as "shop", outpatient medical and research portfolio, which was formerly known as office operations, and triple-net leased properties. non-segment assets consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments and miscellaneous accounts receivable as well as investments in unconsolidated entities. in addition, from time to time, we make secured and unsecured loans and other investments relating to real estate or operators. our chief operating decision maker evaluates performance of the combined properties in each operating segment and determines how to allocate resources to these segments, in significant part, based on noi and related measures for each segment. see our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, including "note 2 - accounting policies" and "note 18 - segment information," included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k (the "annual report"). for a discussion of our definition of noi and for a reconciliation of noi to our net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), see "-non-gaap financial measures."
we also have investments in unconsolidated entities, including through our third-party institutional capital management business, ventas investment management ("vim"). through vim, we partner with third-party institutional investors to invest in real estate through various joint ventures and other co-investment vehicles where we are the sponsor or general partner, including our open-ended investment vehicle, the ventas life science & healthcare real estate fund (the "ventas fund"). see "note 7 - investments in unconsolidated entities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report.
the following table summarizes information for our reportable business segments and non-segment assets for the year ended december 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands):
segment                                                total noi (1)                percentage of total noi                number of properties senior housing operating portfolio (shop)            $711,407                                  37         %                        587
outpatient medical and research portfolio             576,932                                  30         %                        437
triple-net leased properties                          604,651                                  31         %                        331
non-segment (2)                                        32,177                                   2         %                          -
$1,925,167                                 100         %                      1,355
______________________________
(1)    "noi" is defined as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and third-party capital management expenses. see "non-gaap financial measures" included elsewhere in this annual report for additional disclosure and a reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with gaap, to noi.
(2)    noi for non-segment includes management fees and promote revenues, net of expenses related to our third-party institutional capital management business, income from loans and investments and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our three reportable business segments.
we aim to enhance shareholder value by delivering consistent, superior total returns through a strategy of (1) generating reliable and growing cash flows, (2) maintaining a portfolio of high-quality assets that are unified in serving the large and growing aging population and (3) preserving our financial strength, flexibility and liquidity.
our ability to access capital in a timely and cost-effective manner is critical to the success of our business strategy because it affects our ability to satisfy existing obligations, including the repayment of maturing indebtedness, and to make future investments. factors such as general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our securities, expectations of our potential future earnings and cash distributions, and the trading price of our common stock impact our access to and cost of external capital. for that reason, we generally attempt to match the long-term duration of our investments in real property with long-term financing through the issuance of shares of our common stock or the incurrence of long-term fixed rate debt.
2024 market trends our operations have been and are expected to continue to be impacted by economic and market conditions. for instance, in senior housing, our operators have experienced expense pressures, due in part to increased inflation and low unemployment. while there have been signs that expense pressures are moderating, there can be no assurance that this will continue to be the case.
we expect senior housing to benefit from strong supply/demand fundamentals, including robust projected demand growth combined with low projected supply growth. senior housing is expected to benefit from a large and growing aging demographic in the united states, with the 80+ population anticipated to grow by more than 24% through 2029. united states senior housing construction starts are at their lowest point since 2009.
continual improvement in the performance and growth of our business will also depend on the broader macroeconomic environment, including interest rates, inflation and gdp growth.
see "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this annual report for additional discussion of risks affecting our business.
select 2023 and early 2024 highlights investments and dispositions
•during the year ended december 31, 2023, we committed to an outpatient medical ground-up development located on the sutter roseville medical center campus in roseville, california. the $61.8 million project includes the development of a new class a outpatient medical building and is 100% pre-leased to affiliates of sutter health for a 15-year lease term.
•during the year ended december 31, 2023, we sold seven senior housing communities (four of which were vacant), seven outpatient medical buildings (one of which was vacant), three research centers, nine triple-net leased properties (two of which were vacant) and two land parcel for aggregate consideration of $399.5 million and recognized a gain on the sale of these assets of $62.1 million in our consolidated statements of income.
•on may 1, 2023, we took ownership of the properties that supported our cash-pay non-recourse mezzanine loan to santerre health investors (the "santerre mezzanine loan") by converting the outstanding principal amount of the santerre mezzanine loan to equity, with no additional consideration being paid. as a result, the santerre mezzanine loan is no longer outstanding. the properties consisted of a diverse pool of outpatient medical buildings, senior housing operating portfolio communities, triple-net leased skilled nursing facilities and hospital assets in the united states, which, at the time, also secured a $1 billion non-recourse senior mortgage loan issued under the chc commercial mortgage trust 2019-chc (the "chc mortgage loan").
•in connection with our equitization of the santerre mezzanine loan on may 1, 2023, during the year ended december 31, 2023, we reversed the $20.0 million allowance recognized as of december 31, 2022 and recognized a gain on foreclosure of real estate of $29.1 million in our consolidated statements of income. the gain is the fair value of the properties that secured the santerre mezzanine loan, less the fair value of the chc mortgage loan, less the principal amount of the santerre mezzanine loan on may 1, 2023 (after the reversal of previously recorded allowances), and net of non-real estate assets and liabilities and transaction costs.
•in january 2024, we closed on the acquisition of a class a senior housing community reported within our shop segment for $36.0 million.
liquidity and capital
•as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately $3.2 billion in liquidity, including availability under our revolving credit facility and cash and cash equivalents on hand, with no borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program.
•in march 2023, we entered into a new five year c$271.8 million mortgage loan secured by 14 shop communities in canada at an effective fixed rate of 4.36%.
•in the first quarter of 2023, we hedged an incremental $200.0 million of variable rate debt to fixed rate debt through the execution in march 2023 of two-year $400.0 million notional swaps on our unsecured term loan due in june 2027, replacing a $200.0 million notional swap that matured in january 2023.
•in march and april 2023, we entered into a total of $250.0 million aggregate forward starting swaps with a ten-year weighted average rate of 3.37%. in july 2023, we terminated these swaps in conjunction with the issuance of $426.8 million fixed rate mortgage loan due in 2033.
•in april 2023, our 100% owned subsidiary, ventas canada finance limited ("ventas canada"), issued and sold c$600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.398% senior notes due 2028 in a private placement at par. pursuant to cash tender offers, we used the proceeds to repurchase c$613.7 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding senior notes due in 2024 for an aggregate purchase price of c$600.0 million plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the settlement date. as a result of the tender offers, we recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of $8.3 million in our consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2023.
•on may 1, 2023, we took ownership of the properties that supported the santerre mezzanine loan by converting the outstanding principal amount of the santerre mezzanine loan to equity, with no additional consideration being paid. the properties consisted of a diverse pool of 153 assets, which, at the time, also secured the chc mortgage loan. at the time of the equitization of the santerre mezzanine loan, there was $1 billion outstanding under the chc mortgage loan and it accrued interest at a weighted average rate of libor + 1.84% and had matured on june 9, 2023. the chc mortgage loan was recorded at fair value, which approximates par, on may 1, 2023. between june and august 2023, we repaid in full the chc mortgage loan.
•in june 2023, ventas realty issued $862.5 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.75% exchangeable senior notes due 2026 (the "exchangeable notes") in a private placement. the exchangeable notes are senior, unsecured obligations of ventas realty and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis by ventas. the exchangeable notes bear interest at a rate of 3.75% per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year, beginning on december 1, 2023. the exchangeable notes mature on june 1, 2026, unless earlier exchanged, redeemed or repurchased. the net proceeds from the exchangeable notes were primarily used to repay the chc mortgage loan. as of december 31, 2023, we had $862.5 million aggregate principal amount of the exchangeable notes outstanding.
•in july 2023, we entered into a $426.8 million fixed rate mortgage loan, which accrues interest at 5.91%, matures in 2033 and is secured by 19 shop communities in the united states. in october 2023, we purchased a $32.0 million tranche of this company indebtedness at a discounted price, reducing the net effective interest rate of the mortgage loan to 5.60% and the net amount of the mortgage loan to $394.8 million.
•on september 6, 2023, ventas realty entered into a $200.0 million unsecured term loan priced at sofr plus 0.95%, which is subject to adjustment based on ventas realty's debt ratings. this term loan matures in february 2027. the term loan is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ventas, inc.
•in december 2023, we entered into a new five year c$93.5 million mortgage loan secured by five shop communities in canada at an effective fixed rate of 5.12%.
•during the year ended december 31, 2023, we sold 2.3 million shares of our common stock under our atm program for gross proceeds of $110.4 million, representing an average price of $47.89 per share. as of december 31, 2023, the remaining amount available under our atm program for future sales of common stock was $889.6 million.
portfolio
•in 2023, 63 senior housing communities owned by us were successfully converted from the triple-net leased properties segment to the shop segment or transitioned within the shop segment to 10 experienced managers to increase occupancy and performance in these communities.
environmental, social and governance ("esg")
•during 2023, we continued our leadership in esg through our actions and received third-party recognition of our practices and accomplishments:
◦advanced our net zero carbon commitment with the creation and roll-out of property-specific decarbonization roadmaps for properties within our operational control.
◦demonstrated leadership in energy management, earning the 2023 energy star® partner of the year sustained excellence award in energy management.
◦maintained our leading gresb performance, again achieving a 4-star gresb rating.
◦sustained our top performance in tenant satisfaction in our outpatient medical portfolio.
◦awarded gold in nareit's 2023 diversity, equity & inclusion recognition awards.
other items
•as of december 31, 2023, we held a 7.5% ownership interest in ardent, which entitles us to customary minority rights and protections, including the right to appoint one member to the ardent board of directors. in may 2023, we sold approximately 24% of our ownership interest in ardent to a third-party investor for $50.1 million in total proceeds. as a result of the sale, we recognized $33.5 million of gain for the year ended december 31, 2023 in income from unconsolidated entities in our consolidated statements of income and our ownership interest in ardent was reduced from 9.8% to 7.5%.
on november 23, 2023, ardent became aware of a cybersecurity incident, which ardent determined to be a ransomware attack. as a result, ardent took its network offline, suspending all user access to its information technology applications, which resulted in disruptions to certain aspects of ardent's clinical and financial operations.
•during the year ended december 31, 2023, we recognized $17.6 million of other income (which offsets other expense in our consolidated statements of income) relating to insurance reimbursements received for damage caused by materially disruptive events, primarily the winter storm elliott.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report have been prepared in accordance with gaap set forth in the accounting standards codification ("asc"), as published by the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"). gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions regarding future events that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. we base these estimates on our experience and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. however, if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions or other matters had been different, we may have applied a different accounting treatment, resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. we periodically reevaluate our estimates and assumptions, and in the event they prove to be different from actual results, we make adjustments in subsequent periods to reflect more current estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. we believe that the critical accounting policies described below, among others, affect our more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements. for more information regarding our critical accounting policies, see "note 2 - accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report.
principles of consolidation the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and the joint venture entities over which we exercise control. all intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation, and our net earnings are reduced by the portion of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests.
gaap requires us to identify entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights and to determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of variable interest entities ("vies"). a vie is broadly defined as an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance the entity's activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity's activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; and (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity's activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. we consolidate our investment in a vie when we determine that we are its primary beneficiary. we may change our original assessment of a vie upon subsequent events such as the modification of contractual arrangements that affects the characteristics or adequacy of the entity's equity investments at risk and the disposition of all or a portion of an interest held by the primary beneficiary.
we identify the primary beneficiary of a vie as the enterprise that has both: (i) the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the vie that could be significant to the entity. we perform this analysis on an ongoing basis.
accounting for real estate acquisitions when we acquire real estate, we first make reasonable judgments about whether the transaction involves an asset or a business. our real estate acquisitions are generally accounted for as asset acquisitions as substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. we record the cost of the assets acquired as tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based upon their relative fair values as of the acquisition date.
we estimate the fair value of buildings acquired on an as-if-vacant basis or replacement cost basis and depreciate the building value over the estimated remaining life of the building, generally not to exceed 35 years. we determine the fair value of other fixed assets, such as site improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment, based upon the replacement cost and depreciate such value over the assets' estimated remaining useful lives as determined at the applicable acquisition date. we determine the value of land either by considering the sales prices of similar properties in recent transactions or based on internal analyses of recently acquired and existing comparable properties within our portfolio. we generally determine the value of construction in progress based upon the replacement cost. however, for certain acquired properties that are part of a ground-up development, we determine fair value by using the same valuation approach as for all other properties and deducting the estimated cost to complete the development. during the remaining construction period, we capitalize project costs until the development has reached substantial completion. construction in progress, including capitalized interest, is not depreciated until the development has reached substantial completion.
intangibles primarily include the value of in-place leases and acquired lease contracts. we include all lease-related intangible assets and liabilities within acquired lease intangibles and accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets.
the fair value of acquired lease-related intangibles, if any, reflects: (i) the estimated value of any above or below market leases, determined by discounting the difference between the estimated market rent and in-place lease rent; and (ii) the estimated value of in-place leases related to the cost to obtain tenants, including leasing commissions, and an estimated value of the absorption period to reflect the value of the rent and recovery costs foregone during a reasonable lease-up period as if the acquired space was vacant. we amortize any acquired lease-related intangibles to revenue or amortization expense over the remaining life of the associated lease plus any assumed bargain renewal periods. if a lease is terminated prior to its stated expiration or not renewed upon expiration, we recognize all unamortized amounts of lease-related intangibles associated with that lease in operations over the shortened lease term.
we estimate the fair value of purchase option intangible assets and liabilities, if any, by discounting the difference between the applicable property's acquisition date fair value and an estimate of its future option price. we do not amortize the resulting intangible asset or liability over the term of the lease, but rather adjust the recognized value of the asset or liability upon sale.
in connection with an acquisition, we may assume rights and obligations under certain lease agreements pursuant to which we become the lessee of a given property. we generally assume the lease classification previously determined by the prior lessee absent a modification in the assumed lease agreement. we assess assumed operating leases, including ground leases, to determine whether the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us given current market conditions on the acquisition date. to the extent the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us relative to market conditions on the acquisition date, we recognize an intangible asset or liability at fair value and amortize that asset or liability to interest or rental expense in our consolidated statements of income over the applicable lease term. where we are the lessee, we record the acquisition date values of leases, including any above or below market value, within operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets.
we estimate the fair value of noncontrolling interests assumed consistent with the manner in which we value all of the underlying assets and liabilities.
we calculate the fair value of long-term assumed debt by discounting the remaining contractual cash flows on each instrument at the current market rate for those borrowings, which we approximate based on the rate at which we would expect to incur a replacement instrument on the date of acquisition, and recognize any fair value adjustments related to long-term debt as effective yield adjustments over the remaining term of the instrument.
impairment of long-lived and intangible assets we periodically evaluate our long-lived assets, primarily consisting of investments in real estate, for impairment indicators. if indicators of impairment are present, we evaluate the carrying value of the related real estate investments in relation to the future undiscounted cash flows of the underlying operations. in performing this evaluation, we consider market conditions and our current intentions with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. we adjust the net book value of real estate properties and other long-lived assets to fair value if the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows, including sales proceeds, is less than book value. we recognize an impairment loss at the time we make any such determination.
estimates of fair value used in our evaluation of investments in real estate are based upon an income approach, if necessary, or other acceptable valuation techniques that are based, in turn, upon all available evidence including level three inputs, such as net operating income, revenue and expense growth rates, estimates of future cash flows, capitalization rates, discount rates, general economic conditions and trends, or other available market data such as replacement cost or comparable sales. our ability to accurately predict future operating results and cash flows and to estimate and determine fair values impacts the timing and recognition of impairments. while we believe our assumptions are reasonable, changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on our financial results.
accounting for foreclosed properties the company may receive properties pursuant to a foreclosure, deed in lieu of foreclosure or other legal action in full or partial settlement of loans receivable by taking legal title or physical possession of the properties. we refer to such actions as a "foreclosure" and to such properties as "foreclosed properties." we account for foreclosed properties received in settlement of loans receivable in accordance with asc 310, receivables. foreclosed real estate received in full or partial satisfaction of a loan and any debt assumed upon foreclosure is recorded at fair value at the time of foreclosure. if the amortized cost basis in the loan exceeds the fair value of the collateral received, the difference is recorded as an allowance on loans receivable and investments in the consolidated statements of income. conversely, if the fair value of the collateral received is higher than the amortized cost basis in the loan, the difference, less the fair value of any debt assumed, less the principal amount of the loan receivable (after the reversal of previously recorded allowances), and net of working capital assumed and transaction costs, is recorded as a gain on foreclosure of real estate in the consolidated statements of income.
recent accounting standards in november 2021, the fasb issued accounting standards update 2021-10, disclosures by business entities about government assistance ("asu 2021-10"), which requires expanded annual disclosures for transactions involving the receipt of government assistance. required disclosures include a description of the nature of the transactions with government entities, our accounting policies for such transactions and their impact to our consolidated financial statements. we adopted asu 2021-10 on january 1, 2022 and the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in november 2023, the fasb issued accounting standards update 2023-07, segment reporting-improvements to reportable segment disclosures ("asu 2023-07"), which requires incremental disclosures related to a public entity's reportable segments. required disclosures include, on an annual and interim basis, significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (codm) and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss, an amount for other segment items (which is the difference between segment revenue less segment expenses and less segment profit or loss) and a description of its composition, the title and position of the codm, and an explanation of how the codm uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. the standard also permits disclosure of more than one measure of segment profit. asu 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2024. we are evaluating the impact of adopting asu 2023-07 on our consolidated financial statements.
in december 2023, the fasb issued accounting standards update 2023-09, improvements to income tax disclosures ("asu 2023-09"), which requires public entities on an annual basis to (1) disclose specific categories in the rate reconciliation and (2) provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold (if the effect of those reconciling items is equal to or greater than 5 percent of the amount computed by multiplying pretax income [or loss] by the applicable statutory income tax rate). asu 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2025. we are evaluating the impact of adopting asu 2023-09 on our consolidated financial statements.
results of operations we operate through three reportable business segments: senior housing operating portfolio, outpatient medical and research portfolio and triple-net leased properties. in our shop segment, we invest in senior housing communities throughout the united states and canada and engage operators to operate those communities. in our outpatient medical and research portfolio segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease and manage outpatient medical buildings and research centers throughout the united states. in our triple-net leased properties segment, we invest in and own senior housing communities, skilled nursing facilities ("snfs"), long-term acute care facilities ("ltacs"), freestanding inpatient rehabilitation facilities ("irfs") and other healthcare facilities throughout the united states and the united kingdom and lease those properties to tenants under triple-net or absolute-net leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures. information provided for "non-segment" includes income from loans and investments and other miscellaneous income and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our three reportable business segments. non-segment assets consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments and miscellaneous accounts receivable.
our chief operating decision maker evaluates performance of the combined properties in each reportable business segment and determines how to allocate resources to those segments, in significant part, based on noi and related measures for each segment. for further information regarding our reportable business segments and a discussion of our definition of noi, see "note 18 - segment information" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report. see "non-gaap financial measures" included elsewhere in this annual report for additional disclosure and reconciliations of net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with gaap, to noi.
years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022
the table below shows our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income attributable to common stockholders (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended                             increase (decrease) to december 31,                                         net income
2023                                                                                                                                2022                                                              $                %
noi:
shop                                                                                                                $711,407                            $647,466            $63,941                             9.9    %
outpatient medical and research portfolio                                                                            576,932                             546,604             30,328                             5.5
triple-net leased properties                                                                                         604,651                             582,853             21,798                             3.7
non-segment                                                                                                           32,177                              65,717           (33,540)                          (51.0)
total noi                                                                                                          1,925,167                           1,842,640             82,527                             4.5
interest and other income                                                                                             11,414                               3,635              7,779                                   nm interest expense                                                                                                   (574,112)                           (467,557)          (106,555)                          (22.8)
depreciation and amortization                                                                                    (1,392,461)                         (1,197,798)          (194,663)                          (16.3)
general, administrative and professional fees                                                                      (148,876)                           (144,874)            (4,002)                           (2.8)
gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt, net                                                                             6,104                               (581)              6,685                                   nm transaction, transition and restructuring costs                                                                     (15,215)                            (30,884)             15,669                            50.7
allowance on loans receivable and investments                                                                         20,270                            (19,757)             40,027                                   nm gain on foreclosure of real estate                                                                                    29,127                                   -             29,127                           100.0
shareholder relations matters                                                                                              -                            (20,693)             20,693                           100.0
other income (expense)                                                                                                23,001                            (58,268)             81,269                           139.5
loss before unconsolidated entities, real estate dispositions, income taxes and noncontrolling interests           (115,581)                            (94,137)           (21,444)                          (22.8)
income from unconsolidated entities                                                                                   13,626                              28,500           (14,874)                          (52.2)
gain on real estate dispositions                                                                                      62,119                               7,780             54,339                                   nm income tax benefit                                                                                                     9,539                              16,926            (7,387)                          (43.6)
loss from continuing operations                                                                                     (30,297)                            (40,931)             10,634                            26.0
net loss                                                                                                            (30,297)                            (40,931)             10,634                            26.0
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                   10,676                               6,516              4,160                            63.8
net loss attributable to common stockholders                                                                       $(40,973)                           $(47,447)             $6,474                            13.6    %
______________________________
nm-not meaningful noi-shop the following table summarizes results of operations in our shop segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended                         increase (decrease) to noi december 31,
2023                                                                 2022                                                              $                %
noi-shop:
resident fees and services                         $2,959,219                          $2,651,886           $307,333        11.6                        %
less: property-level operating expenses           (2,247,812)                         (2,004,420)          (243,392)                          (12.1)
noi                                                  $711,407                            $647,466            $63,941        9.9                         %
number of                                          average unit                                    average monthly revenue per occupied room for properties at                                             occupancy                                                                  the years ended december 31,                                   for the years ended                                                                     december 31, december 31,
2023                                                 2022                    2023                          2022                             2023   2022
total communities         587                     544                   81.4    %                     80.8    %                   $4,684                                          $4,396
resident fees and services include all amounts earned from residents at our senior housing communities, such as rental fees related to resident leases, extended health care fees and other ancillary service income. property-level operating expenses related to our shop segment include labor, food, utilities, marketing, management and other costs of operating the properties. for senior housing communities in our shop segment, occupancy generally reflects average operator-reported unit occupancy for the reporting period. average monthly revenue per occupied room reflects average resident fees and services per operator-reported occupied unit for the reporting period.
the noi increase in our shop segment in 2023 over the prior year was driven by positive trends in revenue driven by gains in occupancy and revenue per occupied room in 2023, communities that converted business model from our triple-net lease properties segment and properties acquired in connection with our equitization of the santerre mezzanine loan. these gains were partially offset by higher property-level operating expenses in 2023, driven by hhs grants received in 2022, which are reflected as a reduction in property-level operating expenses, and macro inflationary impacts primarily on labor in 2023. during 2023, we did not receive any hhs grants. during 2022, hhs grants received reduced property-level operating expenses by $54.2 million.
the following table compares results of operations for our 456 same-store shop communities (dollars in thousands). see "non-gaap financial measures-noi" included elsewhere in this annual report for additional disclosure regarding same-store noi for each of our reportable business segments.
for the years ended                       increase (decrease) to noi december 31,
2023                                                                 2022                                                              $              %
same-store noi-shop:
resident fees and services                         $2,479,977                          $2,300,723           $179,254        7.8                       %
less: property-level operating expenses           (1,853,831)                         (1,724,489)          (129,342)                         (7.5)
noi                                                  $626,146                            $576,234            $49,912        8.7                       %
number of                                          average unit                                    average monthly revenue per occupied room for properties at                                             occupancy                                                                  the years ended december 31,                                   for the years ended                                                                     december 31, december 31,
2023                                                       2022                    2023                          2022                             2023   2022
same-store communities          456                     456                   83.3    %                     82.1    %                   $4,750                                          $4,475
the increase in our same-store shop segment noi is primarily driven by positive trends in revenue driven by gains in occupancy and revenue per occupied room in 2023. this increase was partially offset by higher property-level operating expenses in 2023, driven by hhs grants received in 2022, which are reflected as a reduction in property-level operating expenses, and macro inflationary impacts primarily on labor in 2023. during 2023, we did not receive any hhs grants. during 2022, hhs grants received reduced property-level operating expenses by $46.8 million.
noi-outpatient medical and research portfolio the following table summarizes results of operations in our outpatient medical and research portfolio reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands). for properties in our outpatient medical and research portfolio reportable business segment, occupancy generally reflects occupied square footage divided by net rentable square footage as of the end of the reporting period.
for the years ended                                  increase (decrease) to noi december 31,
2023                                                                     2022                                                                     $                %
noi-outpatient medical and research portfolio:
rental income                                            $867,193                          $801,159                     $66,034                             8.2    %
third party capital management revenues                     2,515                             2,448        67                                               2.7
total revenues                                            869,708                           803,607                      66,101                             8.2
less:
property-level operating expenses                       (292,776)                         (257,003)                    (35,773)                          (13.9)
noi                                                      $576,932                          $546,604                     $30,328                             5.5    %
number of                                 occupancy at                                    annualized average rent per occupied square foot for the years ended december 31, properties at                                 december 31, december 31,
2023                                                                               2022                 2023                    2022                                         2023   2022
total outpatient medical and research portfolio         437                     359                 87.7   %                90.0   %                              $37                                                                     $36
the increase in our outpatient medical and research portfolio segment noi in 2023 over the prior year was primarily due to properties acquired in connection with our equitization of the santerre mezzanine loan, leasing activity and high tenant retention, partially offset by higher operating expense and dispositions.
the following table compares results of operations for our 320 same-store outpatient medical and research portfolio (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended                       increase (decrease) to noi december 31,
2023                                                                                 2022                                                            $              %
same-store noi-outpatient medical and research portfolio:
rental income                                                        $736,669                          $711,769            $24,900        3.5                       %
less: property-level operating expenses                             (239,282)                         (224,212)           (15,070)                         (6.7)
noi                                                                  $497,387                          $487,557             $9,830        2.0                       %
number of                                 occupancy at                                    annualized average rent per occupied square foot for the years ended december 31, properties at                                 december 31, december 31,
2023                                                                                     2022                 2023                    2022                                         2023   2022
same-store outpatient medical and research portfolio          320                     320                 91.4   %                91.6   %                              $38                                                                     $37
the increase in our same-store outpatient medical and research portfolio segment noi in 2023 over the prior year is primarily due to leasing activity and high tenant retention, partially offset by higher operating expense.
noi-triple-net leased properties the following table summarizes results of operations in our 331 triple-net leased properties segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended                                  increase to noi december 31,
2023                                                               2022                                                               $           %
noi-triple-net leased properties:
rental income                                      $619,208                          $598,154                   $21,054                     3.5   %
less: property-level operating expenses            (14,557)                          (15,301)        744                                    4.9
noi                                                $604,651                          $582,853                   $21,798                     3.7   %
in our triple-net leased properties segment, our revenues generally consist of fixed rental amounts (subject to contractual escalations) received from our tenants in accordance with the applicable lease terms. we report revenues and property-level operating expenses within our triple-net leased properties segment for real estate tax and insurance expenses that are paid from escrows collected from our tenants.
the increase in our triple-net leased properties noi in 2023 over the prior year was primarily driven by a $29.0 million increase in rental income from properties acquired in connection with our equitization of the santerre mezzanine loan, a $5.1 million increase in contractual rent escalators and $4.5 million of additional rental income received, partially offset by $12.6 million decrease in rental income from communities that converted business model to our senior housing operating portfolio and dispositions.
occupancy rates may affect the profitability of our tenants' operations. for senior housing communities and post-acute properties in our triple-net leased properties segment, occupancy generally reflects average operator-reported unit and bed occupancy, respectively, for the reporting period. because triple-net financials are delivered to us following the reporting period, occupancy is reported in arrears. the following table sets forth average continuing occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at december 31, 2023 and measured over the trailing 12 months ended september 30, 2023 (which is the most recent information available to us from our tenants) and average continuing occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at december 31, 2022 and measured over the 12 months ended september 30, 2022. the table excludes non-stabilized properties, properties owned through investments in unconsolidated real estate entities, certain properties for which we do not receive occupancy information and properties acquired or properties that transitioned operators for which we do not have a full four quarters of occupancy results.
number of properties at december 31, 2023                  average occupancy for the trailing 12 months ended september 30, 2023                number of properties at december 31, 2022                  average occupancy for the trailing 12 months ended september 30, 2022
senior housing communities                                          223                                                                         77.4                         %                                      256                                                                         76.1                         %
skilled nursing facilities ("snfs")                                  16                                                                         83.6                                                                 16                                                                         81.9
irfs and ltacs                                                       36                                                                         54.3                                                                 36                                                                         56.4
the following table compares results of operations for our 290 same-store triple-net leased properties (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended                     increase (decrease) to noi december 31,
2023                                                                  2022                                                          $              %
same-store noi-triple-net leased properties:
rental income                                         $572,282                          $563,161           $9,121        1.6                       %
less: property-level operating expenses               (13,053)                          (12,965)             (88)                         (0.7)
noi                                                   $559,229                          $550,196           $9,033        1.6                       %
the increase in our same-store triple-net leased properties rental income in 2023 over the prior year was attributable primarily to a $5.1 million increase in contractual rent escalators, and $4.5 million of additional rental income received.
noi - non-segment information provided for non-segment noi includes management fees and promote revenues, net of expenses, related to our third-party institutional capital management business, income from loans and investments and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our three reportable business segments. the $33.5 million decrease in non-segment noi in 2023 over the prior year was primarily due to a $25.2 million decrease in interest income from loans receivable and investments driven by a $22.2 million decrease due to the conversion of the outstanding principal amount of the santerre mezzanine loan to equity in may 2023 and a $5.8 million decrease due to a $43.4 million loan investment that was repaid at par in february 2023, partially offset by $9.9 million of promote revenue earned as general partner of the ventas fund within vim in 2022. see "note 6 - loans receivable and investments" and "note 7 - investments in unconsolidated entities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report.
company results interest and other income the $7.8 million increase in interest and other income in 2023 over the prior year is primarily due to interest income earned on cash invested in short term money market funds.
interest expense the $106.6 million increase in total interest expense in 2023 over the prior year was primarily attributable to an increase of $69.9 million due to a higher effective interest rate and $29.3 million due to higher average debt balances. our gaap weighted average effective interest rate was 4.23% for 2023, compared to 3.66% for 2022. capitalized interest for 2023 and 2022 was $12.3 million and $9.6 million, respectively.
depreciation and amortization the $194.7 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense in 2023 over the prior year is primarily due to a $112.3 million increase in impairments recognized in 2023 primarily related to properties that were classified as held for sale or sold and a $72.8 million increase in depreciation and amortization related to our ownership of additional properties.
general, administrative and professional fees the $4.0 million increase in general, administrative and professional fees in 2023 over the prior year was primarily due to inflationary increases.
gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt, net the $6.7 million change in gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt, net in 2023 over the prior year was primarily related to $8.3 million of gain recognized as a result of the april 2023 cash tender offers.
transaction, transition and restructuring costs transaction, transition and restructuring costs include transition and integration expenses incurred by properties that have undergone operator or business model transitions; costs and expenses relating to mergers, acquisitions, investments, leases, management agreements and similar arrangements, strategic transactions, such as spin-offs, joint ventures, partnerships and minority investments, and other transactions; and costs and expenses related to organizational or other restructuring activities. the $15.7 million decrease in transaction, transition and restructuring costs in 2023 over the prior year was primarily due to a $7.3 million decrease in restructuring charges incurred in 2022 in connection with the departure of an executive leadership team member and a $6.7 million decrease in transition costs incurred in 2022 in connection with properties that have undergone operator or business model transitions.
allowance on loans receivable and investments the $40.0 million change in allowance on loans receivable and investments was primarily due to a $20.0 million allowance recognized in 2022 on the santerre mezzanine loan. in connection with our equitization of the santerre mezzanine loan on may 1, 2023, we reversed the $20.0 million allowance previously recorded. as a result, the santerre mezzanine loan is no longer outstanding.
gain on foreclosure of real estate the gain of $29.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 was recorded in connection with our equitization of the santerre mezzanine loan on may 1, 2023 and is the excess of the fair value of the properties that secured the santerre mezzanine loan, less the fair value of the chc mortgage loan, less the principal amount of the santerre mezzanine loan on may 1, 2023 (after the reversal of previously recorded allowances), and net of non-real estate assets and liabilities and transaction costs.
shareholder relations matters shareholder relations matters of $20.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 relates to proxy advisory costs related to our response to a proxy campaign associated with the company's 2022 annual meeting. there were no such costs incurred for the year ended december 31, 2023.
other income (expense)
other expense includes the changes in fair value of stock warrants, net expenses or recoveries related to materially disruptive events and other expenses or income. the $81.3 million change in other income (expense) in 2023 over the prior year is primarily due to a $60.9 million change in the fair value of stock warrants received in connection with the brookdale lease. as of december 31, 2023, the fair value of the stock warrants was $59.3 million, which was $31.2 million higher than the fair value at the grant date. in 2023, we also recognized a $21.0 million increase in other income relating to insurance reimbursements received, net of expenses, for damage caused by materially disruptive events, primarily the winter storm elliott.
income from unconsolidated entities the $14.9 million decrease in income from unconsolidated entities for 2023 over the prior year was primarily due to a $26.1 million gain on sale recognized in 2022 in connection with atria combining its proprietary cloud-based senior housing management software platform, glennis, with two other complementary companies in the software as a service (saas) technology space, a $11.7 million net gain on real estate disposition recognized in 2022 by ardent and our share of higher net loss from the research & innovation development joint venture in 2023 due to higher interest expense and higher depreciation for development assets placed in service, partially offset by a $33.5 million gain recognized in may 2023 upon the sale of approximately 24% of our 9.8% ownership interest in ardent to a third-party investor.
gain on real estate dispositions the $54.3 million increase in gain on real estate dispositions was due to the higher disposition volume in 2023, which resulted in a net gain of $62.1 million recognized in 2023 for the sale of 26 properties and two land parcels compared to a net gain of $7.8 million in 2022 for the sale of 13 properties and a vacant land parcel.
income tax benefit the 2023 income tax benefit is primarily due to losses in certain of our trs entities and a $3.2 million benefit from internal restructurings of u.s. trs entities. the 2022 income tax benefit is primarily due to income tax benefit from operating losses at certain trs entities and an income tax benefit of $11.9 million from an internal restructuring of foreign trs entities.
years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021
our annual report for the year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the sec on february 10, 2023, contains information regarding our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income attributable to common stockholders.
non-gaap financial measures we consider certain non-gaap financial measures to be useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. a non-gaap financial measure is a measure of historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes or includes amounts that are not so excluded from or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with u.s. gaap. described below are the non-gaap financial measures used by management to evaluate our operating performance and that we consider most useful to investors, together with reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
the non-gaap financial measures we present in this annual report may not be comparable to those presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definitions. you should not consider these measures as alternatives for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap. in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our consolidated historical operating results, you should examine these measures in conjunction with the most directly comparable gaap measures as presented in our consolidated financial statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this annual report.
funds from operations and normalized funds from operations attributable to common stockholders historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. however, since real estate values historically have risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors deem presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. for that reason, we consider funds from operations attributable to common stockholders ("ffo") and normalized ffo to be appropriate supplemental measures of operating performance of an equity reit. we believe that the presentation of ffo, combined with the presentation of required gaap financial measures, has improved the understanding of operating results of reits among the investing public and has helped make comparisons of reit operating results more meaningful. management generally considers ffo to be a useful measure for understanding and comparing our operating results because, by excluding gains and losses related to sales of previously depreciated operating real estate assets, impairment losses on depreciable real estate and real estate asset depreciation and amortization (which can differ across owners of similar assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates), ffo can help investors compare the operating performance of a company's real estate across reporting periods and to the operating performance of other companies. we believe that normalized ffo is useful because it allows investors, analysts and our management to compare our operating performance to the operating performance of other real estate companies across periods on a consistent basis without having to account for differences caused by non-recurring items and other non-operational events such as transactions and litigation. in some cases, we provide information about identified non-cash components of ffo and normalized ffo because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess the impact of those items on our financial results.
we use the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") definition of ffo. nareit defines ffo as net income attributable to common stockholders (computed in accordance with gaap) excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate property, including gain (or loss) on re-measurement of equity method investments and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated entities and noncontrolling interests. adjustments for unconsolidated entities and noncontrolling interests will be calculated to reflect ffo on the same basis. we define normalized ffo as nareit ffo excluding the following income and expense items, without duplication: (a) transaction, transition and restructuring costs and amortization of intangibles; (b) the impact of expenses related to asset impairment and valuation allowances, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees or additional costs, expenses, discounts, make-whole payments, penalties or premiums incurred as a result of early retirement or payment of our debt; (c) the non-cash effect of income tax benefits or expenses, the non-cash impact of changes to our executive equity compensation plan, derivative transactions that have non-cash mark-to-market impacts on our consolidated statements of income and non-cash charges related to leases; (d) the financial impact of contingent consideration; (e) gains and losses for non-operational foreign currency hedge agreements and changes in the fair value of financial instruments; (f) gains and losses on non-real estate dispositions and other items related to unconsolidated entities and noncontrolling interests; (g) net expenses or recoveries related to materially disruptive events; and (h) other items set forth in the normalized ffo reconciliation included herein.
the following table summarizes our ffo and normalized ffo for the three years ended december 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands). normalized ffo for the year ended december 31, 2022 includes $54.2 million of hhs grants received in 2022, which reduced property-level operating expenses, and $9.9 million of promote revenue earned as general partner of the ventas life science & healthcare real estate fund within vim. excluding hhs grants, normalized ffo for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased over the prior year primarily due to increased net operating income at our shop segment as a result of positive trends in revenue driven by gains in occupancy and revenue per occupied room, partially offset by higher property-level operating expenses and higher interest expense.
for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                           2022                                2021
net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders                                            $(40,973)                           $(47,447)                             $49,008
adjustments:
depreciation and amortization on real estate assets                                              1,390,025                           1,194,751                           1,192,856
depreciation on real estate assets related to noncontrolling interests                            (16,657)                            (17,451)                            (18,498)
depreciation on real estate assets related to unconsolidated entities                               44,953                              30,940                              17,888
gain on real estate dispositions                                                                  (62,119)                             (7,780)                           (218,788)
gain on real estate dispositions related to noncontrolling interests                                 6,685                                  32                                 302
gain on real estate dispositions and other related to unconsolidated entities                        (180)                            (14,546)                                   -
nareit ffo attributable to common stockholders                                                   1,321,734                           1,138,499                           1,022,768
adjustments:
change in fair value of financial instruments                                                     (32,076)                              23,615                               1,197
non-cash income tax benefit                                                                       (15,269)                            (21,349)                             (1,225)
(gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, net                                                         (6,104)                                 581                              59,299
transaction, transition and restructuring costs                                                     15,215                              30,884                              47,318
amortization of other intangibles                                                                      385                                 385                            (21,871)
non-cash impact of changes to equity plan                                                              161                               (312)                               1,796
materially disruptive events, net                                                                  (5,339)                              12,451                              10,226
allowance on loan investments                                                                     (20,270)                              19,757                             (9,081)
gain on foreclosure of real estate                                                                (29,127)                                   -                                   -
shareholder relations matters                                                                            -                              20,693                                   -
other normalizing items (1)                                                                          8,257                                   -                                   -
normalizing items related to noncontrolling interests and unconsolidated entities, net            (25,683)                            (18,233)                               8,148
normalized ffo attributable to common stockholders                                              $1,211,884                          $1,206,971                          $1,118,576
______________________________
(1)    includes adjustments for other unusual items, including: (i) approximately $5.5 million payment obligation arising in connection with sale of real estate, and (ii) approximately $2.7 million related to certain legal matters, primarily related to class action litigation in our shop segment.
noi we also consider noi an important supplemental measure because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess our unlevered property-level operating results and to compare our operating results with those of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis. we define noi as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and third party capital management expenses.
the following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders to noi (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                          2022   2021
net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders           $(40,973)                           $(47,447)                             $49,008
adjustments:
interest and other income                                        (11,414)                             (3,635)                            (14,809)
interest expense                                                  574,112                             467,557                             440,089
depreciation and amortization                                   1,392,461                           1,197,798                           1,197,403
general, administrative and professional fees                     148,876                             144,874                             129,758
(gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, net                        (6,104)                                 581                              59,299
transaction, transition and restructuring costs                    15,215                              30,884                              47,318
allowance on loans receivable and investments                    (20,270)                              19,757                             (9,082)
gain on foreclosure of real estate                               (29,127)                                   -                                   -
shareholder relations matters                                           -                              20,693                                   -
other (income) expense                                           (23,001)                              58,268                              37,110
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                10,676                               6,516                               7,551
income from unconsolidated entities                              (13,626)                            (28,500)                             (4,983)
income tax (benefit) expense                                      (9,539)                            (16,926)                               4,827
gain on real estate dispositions                                 (62,119)                             (7,780)                           (218,788)
noi                                                            $1,925,167                          $1,842,640                          $1,724,701
see "results of operations" for discussions regarding both noi and same-store noi. we define same-store as properties owned, consolidated and operational for the full period in both comparison periods and that are not otherwise excluded; provided, however, that we may include selected properties that otherwise meet the same-store criteria if they are included in substantially all of, but not a full, period for one or both of the comparison periods, and in our judgment such inclusion provides a more meaningful presentation of our segment performance.
newly acquired development properties and recently developed or redeveloped properties in our shop reportable business segment will be included in same-store once they are stabilized for the full period in both periods presented. these properties are considered stabilized upon the earlier of (a) the achievement of 80% sustained occupancy or (b) 24 months from the date of acquisition or substantial completion of work. recently developed or redeveloped properties in our outpatient medical and research portfolio and triple-net leased properties reportable business segments will be included in same-store once substantial completion of work has occurred for the full period in both periods presented. our senior housing operating portfolio and triple-net leased properties that have undergone operator or business model transitions will be included in same-store once operating under consistent operating structures for the full period in both periods presented.
properties are excluded from same-store if they are: (i) sold, classified as held for sale or properties whose operations were classified as discontinued operations in accordance with gaap; (ii) impacted by materially disruptive events such as flood or fire; (iii) for shop, those properties that are currently undergoing a materially disruptive redevelopment; (iv) for our outpatient medical and research portfolio and triple-net leased properties reportable business segments, those properties for which management has an intention to institute, or has instituted, a redevelopment plan because the properties may require major property-level expenditures to maximize value, increase noi, or maintain a market-competitive position and/or achieve property stabilization, most commonly as the result of an expected or actual material change in occupancy or noi; or (v) for shop and triple-net leased properties reportable business segments, those properties that are scheduled to undergo operator or business model transitions, or have transitioned operators or business models after the start of the prior comparison period.
to eliminate the impact of exchange rate movements, all portfolio performance-based disclosures assume constant exchange rates across comparable periods, using the following methodology: the current period's results are shown in actual reported usd, while prior comparison period's results are adjusted and converted to usd based on the average exchange rate for the current period.
asset/liability management asset/liability management, a key element of enterprise risk management, is designed to support the achievement of our business strategy, while ensuring that we maintain appropriate and tolerable levels of market risk (primarily interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange risk) and credit risk. effective management of these risks is a contributing factor to the absolute levels and variability of our ffo and net worth. the following discussion addresses our integrated management of assets and liabilities, including the use of derivative financial instruments.
market risk we are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates with respect to borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our unsecured term loans, certain of our mortgage loans that are floating rate obligations, mortgage loans receivable that bear interest at floating rates and available for sale securities. these market risks result primarily from changes in sofr rates or prime rates. to manage these risks, we continuously monitor our level of floating rate debt with respect to total debt and other factors, including our assessment of current and future economic conditions. see "risk factors-we are exposed to increases in interest rates, which could reduce our profitability and adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets or engage in acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity, and our decision to hedge against interest rate risk might not be effective." included in part i, item 1a of this annual report.
the table below sets forth certain information with respect to our debt, excluding premiums and discounts (dollars in thousands):
as of december 31,
2023                                                                                              2022                          2021
balance:
fixed rate:
senior notes/exchangeable senior notes                        $9,302,840                    $8,627,540                    $8,729,102
unsecured term loans                                             400,000                       200,000                       200,000
mortgage loans and other                                       2,755,988                     2,035,896                     2,061,880
subtotal fixed rate                                           12,458,828                    10,863,436                    10,990,982
variable rate:
unsecured revolving credit facility                               14,006                        25,230                        56,448
unsecured term loans                                             677,501                       669,031                       395,757
commercial paper notes                                                 -                       403,000                       280,000
mortgage loans and other                                         418,263                       400,547                       369,951
subtotal variable rate                                         1,109,770                     1,497,808                     1,102,156
total                                                        $13,568,598                   $12,361,244                   $12,093,138
percent of total debt:
fixed rate:
senior notes/exchangeable senior notes                        68.6     %                    69.8     %                    72.2     %
unsecured term loans                                           2.9                           1.6                           1.7
mortgage loans and other                                      20.3                          16.5                          17.0
variable rate:
unsecured revolving credit facility                            0.1                           0.2                           0.5
unsecured term loans                                           5.0                           5.4                           3.3
commercial paper notes                                           -                           3.3                           2.3
mortgage loans and other                                       3.1                           3.2                           3.0
total                                                        100.0     %                   100.0     %                   100.0     %
weighted average interest rate at end of period:
fixed rate:
senior notes/exchangeable senior notes                         3.8     %                     3.7     %                     3.7     %
unsecured term loans                                           4.7                           3.6                           3.6
mortgage loans and other                                       4.2                           3.7                           3.6
variable rate:
unsecured revolving credit facility                            6.1                           4.5                           1.1
unsecured term loans                                           6.3                           5.5                           1.4
commercial paper notes                                           -                           4.7                           0.3
mortgage loans and other                                       6.1                           5.1                           1.7
total                                                          4.1                           3.9                           3.4
the variable rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of $142.7 million notional amount of interest rate swaps maturing on march 22, 2027, in each case that effectively convert fixed rate debt to variable rate debt. in addition, the fixed rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of $527.3 million and c$651.5 million notional amount of interest rate swaps with maturities ranging from february 2025 to april 2031, in each case that effectively convert variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. see "note 10 - senior notes payable and other debt" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report.
the increase in our fixed rate debt from december 31, 2022 to december 31, 2023 was primarily due to the issuance of $862.5 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75% exchangeable senior notes due 2026, the issuance of a $426.8 million fixed rate mortgage loan, which accrues interest at 5.91%, matures in 2033 and is secured by 19 shop communities in the united states, and interest rate swap activity in 2023 effectively converting an incremental $200.0 million of variable rate debt to fixed rate debt.
the decrease in our outstanding variable rate debt at december 31, 2023 compared to december 31, 2022 is primarily attributable to pay downs on commercial paper.
assuming a 100 basis point increase in the weighted average interest rate related to our variable rate debt and assuming no change in our variable rate debt outstanding as of december 31, 2023 of $1.1 billion, interest expense on an annualized basis would increase by approximately $11.1 million, or $0.03 per diluted common share.
as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, our joint venture partners' aggregate share of total consolidated debt was $297.5 million and $279.0 million, respectively, with respect to certain properties we owned through consolidated joint ventures.
total consolidated debt does not include our portion of unconsolidated debt related to investments in unconsolidated real estate entities, which was $575.3 million and $454.4 million as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
the fair value of our fixed rate debt is based on current market interest rates at which we could obtain similar borrowings. increases in market interest rates typically result in a decrease in the fair value of fixed rate debt while decreases in market interest rates typically result in an increase in the fair value of fixed rate date. while changes in market interest rates affect the fair value of our fixed rate debt, these changes do not affect the interest expense associated with our fixed rate debt. therefore, interest rate risk does not have a significant impact on our fixed rate debt obligations until their maturity or earlier prepayment and refinancing. if interest rates have risen at the time we seek to refinance our fixed rate debt, whether at maturity or otherwise, our future earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected by additional borrowing costs. conversely, lower interest rates at the time of refinancing may reduce our overall borrowing costs.
to highlight the sensitivity of our fixed rate debt to changes in interest rates, the following summary shows the effects of a hypothetical instantaneous change of 100 basis points in interest rates (dollars in thousands):
as of december 31,
2023                                                                       2022
gross book value                                        $12,458,828                         $10,863,436
fair value                                               11,994,321                          10,010,935
fair value reflecting change in interest rates:
-100 basis points                                        12,457,648                          10,449,991
+100 basis points                                        11,568,461                           9,607,787
as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, the fair value of our secured and non-mortgage loans receivable, based on our estimates of currently prevailing rates for comparable loans, was $53.1 million and $517.0 million, respectively. see "note 6 - loans receivable and investments" and "note 11 - fair values of financial instruments" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report.
as a result of our canadian and united kingdom operations, we are subject to fluctuations in certain foreign currency exchange rates that may, from time to time, affect our financial condition and operating performance. based solely on our results for the year ended december 31, 2023 (including the impact of existing hedging arrangements), if the value of the u.s. dollar relative to the british pound and canadian dollar were to increase or decrease by one standard deviation compared to the average exchange rate during the year, our normalized ffo per share for the year ended december 31, 2023 would decrease or increase, as applicable, by less than $0.01 per share or 1%. we will continue to mitigate these risks through a layered approach to hedging looking out for the next year and continual assessment of our foreign operational capital structure. nevertheless, we cannot assure you that any such fluctuations will not have an effect on our earnings.
concentration risk we use concentration ratios to identify, understand and evaluate the potential impact of economic downturns and other adverse events that may affect our asset types, geographic locations, business models, and tenants, operators and managers. we evaluate concentration risk in terms of investment mix and operations mix. investment mix measures the percentage of our investments that is concentrated in a specific asset type or that is operated or managed by a particular tenant, operator or manager. operations mix measures the percentage of our operating results that is attributed to a particular tenant, operator or manager, geographic location or business model.
the following tables reflect our concentration risk as of the dates and for the periods presented:
as of december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                     2022
investment mix by asset type (1):
senior housing communities                                                                            65.8    %                     66.3    %
outpatient medical                                                                                    20.4                          18.0
research centers                                                                                       5.7                           6.9
other healthcare facilities                                                                            4.8                           4.9
inpatient rehabilitation facilities ("irfs") and long-term acute care facilities ("ltacs")             1.5                           1.5
skilled nursing facilities ("snfs")                                                                    1.7                           0.6
secured loans receivable and investments, net                                                          0.1                           1.8
total                                                                                                100.0    %                    100.0    %
investment mix by tenant, operator and manager (1):
atria (2)                                                                                             23.5    %                     26.0    %
sunrise                                                                                                9.0                           9.8
lillibridge                                                                                           10.2                           9.3
brookdale                                                                                              7.7                           7.8
le groupe maurice                                                                                      7.0                           7.0
wexford                                                                                                5.4                           6.6
ardent                                                                                                 5.1                           5.3
kindred                                                                                                0.8                           0.8
all other                                                                                             31.3                          27.4
total                                                                                                100.0    %                    100.0    %
______________________________
(1)ratios are based on the gross book value of consolidated real estate investments (excluding properties classified as held for sale) as of each reporting date.
(2)includes assets managed by holiday.
for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                    2022                          2021
operations mix by tenant and operator and business model:
revenues (1):
shop                                                                 65.8    %                     64.3    %                     59.4    %
brookdale (2)                                                         3.3                           3.6                           3.9
kindred                                                               2.9                           3.2                           3.8
ardent                                                                3.0                           3.2                           3.3
all others                                                           25.0                          25.7                          29.6
total                                                               100.0    %                    100.0    %                    100.0    %
net operating income ("noi"):
shop                                                                 37.0    %                     35.1    %                     26.8    %
brookdale (2)                                                         7.7                           8.1                           8.6
kindred                                                               6.9                           7.3                           7.8
ardent                                                                6.9                           7.1                           7.4
all others                                                           41.5                          42.4                          49.4
total                                                               100.0    %                    100.0    %                    100.0    %
operations mix by geographic location (3):
california                                                           13.6    %                     14.3    %                     15.0    %
new york                                                              7.4                           7.5                           7.6
texas                                                                 6.5                           6.6                           6.1
pennsylvania                                                          5.2                           5.2                           4.6
illinois                                                              4.4                           4.3                           4.0
all others                                                           62.9                          62.1                          62.7
total                                                               100.0    %                    100.0    %                    100.0    %
______________________________
(1)total revenues include third party capital management revenues, revenue from loans and investments and interest and other income (including amounts related to assets classified as held for sale).
(2)results exclude ten senior housing communities, which are included in the shop segment.
(3)ratios are based on total revenues (including amounts related to assets classified as held for sale) for each period presented.
see "non-gaap financial measures" included elsewhere in this annual report for additional disclosure and reconciliations of net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with gaap, to noi.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing assets under long-term triple-net leases in which the rental rate is generally fixed with escalators, subject to certain limitations. some of our triple-net lease escalators are contingent upon the satisfaction of specified facility revenue parameters or based on increases in the consumer price index ("cpi"), with caps, floors or collars. we also earn revenues directly from individual residents in our senior housing communities that are managed by operators, such as atria and sunrise, and tenants in our outpatient medical buildings.
the concentration of our triple-net leased properties segment revenues and operating income that are attributed to brookdale, ardent and kindred creates credit risk. if any of brookdale, ardent or kindred becomes unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations to us or to renew its leases with us upon expiration of the terms thereof, our financial condition and results of operations could decline, and our ability to service our indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders could be impaired. see "risk factors-risks related to our business operations and strategy-a significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including brookdale, ardent, kindred, atria and sunrise." included in part i, item 1a of this annual report and "note 3 - concentration of credit risk" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report.
we regularly monitor and assess any changes in the relative credit risk associated with our significant tenant relationships. the ratios and metrics we use to evaluate the relative credit risk associated with those relationships depend on facts and circumstances specific to that relationship and may vary over time. such ratios and metrics may include, without limitation, the credit history of, and the legal, regulatory or economic conditions affecting, any tenant, guarantor, obligor, or affiliated company associated with the tenant. among other things, we may review and analyze information regarding the real estate, senior housing and healthcare industries generally, financial statements and other public or private information regarding any tenant, guarantor, obligor, or affiliated company. from time to time we may also participate in discussions and in-person meetings with representatives of the significant tenant. using this information, we calculate and review multiple financial ratios (which may, but do not necessarily, include, leverage, fixed charge coverage, rent coverage and other property level key performance indicators), including certain adjustments based on information provided by the tenant or required by the relevant reporting requirements and the expected future performance of the assets, tenants and guarantors.
because atria and sunrise manage our properties in exchange for the receipt of a management fee from us, we are not directly exposed to the credit risk of our managers in the same manner or to the same extent as our triple-net tenants. however, we rely on our managers' personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our senior living operations efficiently and effectively. we also rely on atria and sunrise to set appropriate resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financials results in a timely manner and otherwise operate our senior housing communities in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, including various rights to terminate and exercise remedies under the agreements as provided therein, atria's or sunrise's failure, inability or unwillingness to satisfy its respective obligations under those agreements, to efficiently and effectively manage our properties or to provide timely and accurate accounting information with respect thereto could have a material adverse effect on us. see "risk factors-risks related to our business operations and strategy" included in part i, item 1a of this annual report.
we hold a 34% ownership interest in atria, which entitles us to customary minority rights and protections, including the right to appoint two members to the atria board of directors.
triple-net lease performance and expirations any failure, inability or unwillingness by our tenants to satisfy their obligations under our triple-net leases could have a material adverse effect on us. also, if our tenants are not able or willing to renew our triple-net leases upon expiration, we may be unable to reposition the applicable properties on a timely basis or on the same or better economic terms, if at all. although our lease expirations are staggered, the non-renewal of some or all of our triple-net leases that expire in any given year could have a material adverse effect on us. during the year ended december 31, 2023, we had no triple-net lease renewals or expirations without renewal that, in the aggregate, had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations for that period. see "risk factors-risks related to our business operations and strategy-if we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations." included in part i, item ia of this annual report.
the following table summarizes our lease expirations in our triple-net leased properties segment currently scheduled to occur over the next 10 years as of december 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands):
number ofproperties (1)        2023 annualized base rent ("abr") (2)                  % of 2023 total triple-net leased properties segment rental income
2024                  22                                 $11,101                                                                       1.8                        %
2025 (3)                 165                                 264,994                                                                      42.8
2026                  31                                  38,355                                                                       6.2
2027                   6                                  10,541                                                                       1.7
2028                  20                                  46,669                                                                       7.5
2029                  22                                  27,304                                                                       4.4
2030                   9                                  11,493                                                                       1.9
2031                   2                                   1,788                                                                       0.3
2032                   7                                   5,316                                                                       0.9
2033                   8                                   3,897                                                                       0.6
______________________________
(1)excludes assets sold or classified as held for sale, unconsolidated entities, development properties not yet operational, unconsolidated joint ventures and land parcels.
(2)abr represents the annualized impact of the current period's cash base rent at 100% share for consolidated entities. abr does not include common area maintenance charges, the amortization of above/below market lease intangibles or other noncash items. abr is used only for the purpose of determining lease expirations.
(3)includes 29 ltacs leased by kindred and 121 senior living properties leased by brookdale. kindred may extend the term for 5 years by delivering a renewal notice to the company 12 to 18 months prior to expiration. brookdale may extend the term for 10 years by delivering a renewal notice to the company 13 to 18 months prior to expiration. we cannot assure you that kindred or brookdale will exercise its renewal option for these properties. see "risk factors-risks related to our business operations and strategy-if we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations." included in part i, item 1a of this annual report.
liquidity and capital resources our principal sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, and proceeds from asset sales.
for the next 12 months, our principal liquidity needs are to: (i) fund operating expenses; (ii) meet our debt service requirements; (iii) repay maturing mortgage and other debt; (iv) fund acquisitions, investments and commitments and any development and redevelopment activities; (v) fund capital expenditures; and (vi) make distributions to our stockholders and unitholders, as required for us to continue to qualify as a reit. depending upon the availability of external capital, we believe our liquidity is sufficient to fund these uses of cash. we expect that these liquidity needs generally will be satisfied by a combination of the following: cash flows from operations, cash on hand, debt assumptions and financings (including secured financings), issuances of debt and equity securities, dispositions of assets (in whole or in part through joint venture arrangements with third parties) and borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program. however, an inability to access liquidity through multiple capital sources concurrently could have a material adverse effect on us.
our material contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business primarily consist of long-term debt and related interest payments, and operating obligations which include ground lease obligations. during the year ended december 31, 2023, our contractual obligations increased primarily due to the issuance of $862.5 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75% exchangeable senior notes due 2026. see "note 10 - senior notes payable and other debt" and "note 14 - commitments and contingencies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report for further information regarding our long-term debt obligations and operating obligations, respectively.
we may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding indebtedness for cash or in exchange for equity securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, prospects for capital and other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
loans receivable and investments on may 1, 2023, we took ownership of the properties that secured the santerre mezzanine loan by converting the outstanding principal amount of the santerre mezzanine loan to equity, with no additional consideration being paid. as a result, the santerre mezzanine loan is no longer outstanding.
credit facilities, commercial paper, unsecured term loans and letters of credit as of december 31, 2023, we had $2.7 billion of undrawn capacity on our unsecured revolving credit facility with $14.0 million outstanding and an additional $1.2 million restricted to support outstanding letters of credit. we limit our use of the unsecured revolving credit facility, to the extent necessary, to support our commercial paper program when commercial paper notes are outstanding.
our wholly-owned subsidiary, ventas realty, limited partnership ("ventas realty"), may issue from time to time unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $1.0 billion. the notes are sold under customary terms in the u.s. commercial paper note market and are ranked pari passu with all of ventas realty's other unsecured senior indebtedness. the notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ventas, inc. as of december 31, 2023, we had no borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program.
ventas realty has a $500.0 million unsecured term loan priced at term sofr plus 0.95%, which is subject to adjustment based on ventas realty's debt ratings. this term loan is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ventas, inc. it matures in june 2027 and includes an accordion feature that permits ventas realty to increase the aggregate borrowings thereunder to up to $1.25 billion, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the receipt of additional commitments for such increase.
on september 6, 2023, ventas realty entered into a $200.0 million unsecured term loan priced at sofr plus 0.95%, which is subject to adjustment based on ventas realty's debt ratings. this term loan is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ventas, inc. it matures in february 2027 and includes an accordion feature that permits ventas realty to increase the aggregate borrowings thereunder to up to $500.0 million, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the receipt of additional commitments for such increase.
as of december 31, 2023, ventas canada finance limited ("ventas canada") and ventas ssl ontario ii, inc., as borrowers, had a c$500 million or $377.5 million unsecured term loan facility priced at canadian dollar offered rate ("cdor") plus 0.90% that matures in january 2025.
as of december 31, 2023, our $100.0 million uncommitted line for standby letters of credit had an outstanding balance of $15.0 million. the agreement governing the line contains certain customary covenants and, under its terms, we are required to pay a commission on each outstanding letter of credit at a fixed rate.
exchangeable senior notes in june 2023, ventas realty issued $862.5 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.75% exchangeable senior notes due 2026 (the "exchangeable notes") in a private placement. the exchangeable notes are senior, unsecured obligations of ventas realty and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis by ventas. the exchangeable notes bear interest at a rate of 3.75% per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year, beginning on december 1, 2023. the exchangeable notes mature on june 1, 2026, unless earlier exchanged, redeemed or repurchased. the net proceeds from the exchangeable notes were primarily used to repay the chc mortgage loan. as of december 31, 2023, we had $862.5 million aggregate principal amount of the exchangeable notes outstanding. during the year ended december 31, 2023, we recognized approximately $17.8 million of contractual interest expense and amortization of issuance costs of $3.6 million related to the exchangeable notes. unamortized issuance costs were $17.1 million as of december 31, 2023.
the exchangeable notes are exchangeable at an initial exchange rate of 18.2460 shares of our common stock per $1,000 principal amount of exchangeable notes (equivalent to an initial exchange price of approximately $54.81 per share of common stock). the initial exchange rate is subject to adjustment, including in the event of the payment of a quarterly dividend in excess of $0.45 per share, but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. upon exchange of the exchangeable notes, ventas realty will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the exchangeable notes to be exchanged and pay or deliver (or cause to be delivered), as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at ventas realty's election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of its exchange obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the exchangeable notes being exchanged. prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding march 1, 2026, the exchangeable notes will be exchangeable at the option of the noteholders only upon the satisfaction of specified conditions and during certain periods described in the indenture governing the exchangeable notes. on or after march 1, 2026, until the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date, the exchangeable notes will be exchangeable at the option of the noteholders at any time regardless of these conditions or periods.
senior notes as of december 31, 2023, we had outstanding $8.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by ventas realty, approximately $73.8 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by nationwide health properties, inc. ("nhp") and assumed by our subsidiary, nationwide health properties, llc ("nhp llc"), as successor to nhp, in connection with our acquisition of nhp, and c$1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by our subsidiary, ventas canada. all of the senior notes issued by ventas realty and ventas canada are unconditionally guaranteed by ventas, inc.
we may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding senior notes for cash or in exchange for equity securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, prospects for capital and other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes require us to comply with various financial and other restrictive covenants. we were in compliance with all of these covenants at december 31, 2023.
in april 2023, our 100% owned subsidiary, ventas canada, issued and sold c$600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.398% senior notes due 2028 in a private placement at par. pursuant to cash tender offers, we used the proceeds to repurchase c$613.7 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding senior notes due in 2024 for an aggregate purchase price of c$600.0 million plus accrued and unpaid interest as disclosed below:
•in april 2023, we repurchased c$527.0 million principal amount of our 2.80% senior notes, series e due april 2024 at 97.6% of par value, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the settlement date.
•in april 2023, we repurchased c$86.7 million principal amount of our 4.125% senior notes, series b due september 2024 at 98.5% of par value, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the settlement date.
as a result of the tender offers, we recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of $8.3 million in our consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2023.
mortgages at december 31, 2023, our consolidated aggregate principal amount of mortgage debt outstanding was $3.2 billion, of which our share was $2.9 billion.
under certain circumstances, contractual and legal restrictions, including those contained in the instruments governing our subsidiaries' outstanding mortgage indebtedness, may restrict our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries for the purpose of meeting our debt service obligations, including our payment guarantees with respect to ventas realty's and ventas canada finance limited's senior notes.
in march 2023, we entered into a c$271.8 million floating rate mortgage loan maturing in 2028 with an interest rate of cdor + 0.88%. the mortgage is secured by 14 shop communities in canada.
on may 1, 2023, we took ownership of the properties that supported the santerre mezzanine loan by converting the outstanding principal amount of the santerre mezzanine loan to equity, with no additional consideration being paid. the properties consisted of a diverse pool of 153 assets, which, at the time, also secured the chc mortgage loan. at the time of the equitization of the santerre mezzanine loan, there was $1 billion outstanding under the chc mortgage loan and it accrued interest at a weighted average rate of libor + 1.84% and matured on june 9, 2023. the chc mortgage loan was recorded at fair value, which approximates par, on may 1, 2023. between june and august 2023, we repaid in full the chc mortgage loan.
in july 2023, we entered into a $426.8 million fixed rate mortgage loan, which accrues interest at 5.91%, matures in 2033 and is secured by 19 shop communities in the united states. in october 2023, we purchased a $32.0 million tranche of this company indebtedness at a discounted price, reducing the net effective interest rate of the mortgage loan to 5.60% and the net amount of the mortgage loan to $394.8 million.
in december 2023, we entered into a c$93.5 million floating rate mortgage loan maturing in 2028 with an interest rate of corra + 1.31%. the mortgage is secured by five shop communities in canada.
derivatives and hedging in the normal course of our business, interest rate fluctuations affect future cash flows under our variable rate debt obligations, loans receivable and marketable debt securities, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations affect our operating results. we follow established risk management policies and procedures, including the use of derivative instruments, to mitigate the impact of these risks.
in the first quarter of 2023, we hedged an incremental $200.0 million of variable rate debt to fixed rate debt through the execution in march 2023 of two-year $400.0 million notional swaps on our unsecured term loan due in june 2027, replacing a $200.0 million notional swap that matured in january 2023. the swap instruments are designated as cash flow hedges.
in march 2023, in connection with our new c$271.8 million mortgage loan, we entered into an interest rate swap totaling a notional amount of c$271.8 million with a maturity of march 14, 2028 that effectively converts cdor-based floating rate debt to fixed rate debt.
in march and april 2023, we entered into a total of $250.0 million aggregate forward starting swaps with a ten-year weighted average rate of 3.37%. in july 2023, we terminated the above-mentioned forward starting swaps in conjunction with the issuance of the $426.8 million fixed rate mortgage loan due in 2033.
in december 2023, in connection with our new c$93.5 million mortgage loan, we entered into an interest rate swap totaling a notional amount of c$93.5 million with a maturity of december 18, 2028 that effectively converts cdor-based floating rate debt to fixed rate debt.
dividends during 2023, we declared four dividends totaling $1.80 per share of our common stock, including a fourth quarter dividend of $0.45 per share. in order to continue to qualify as a reit, we must make annual distributions to our stockholders of at least 90% of our reit taxable income (excluding net capital gain). in addition, we will be subject to income tax at the regular corporate rate to the extent we distribute less than 100% of our reit taxable income, including any net capital gains. we intend to pay dividends greater than 100% of our taxable income, after the use of any net operating loss carryforwards, for 2024.
we expect that our cash flows will exceed our reit taxable income due to depreciation and other non-cash deductions in computing reit taxable income and that we will be able to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement. however, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash on hand or other liquid assets to meet this requirement or we may decide to retain cash or distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation. if we do not have sufficient cash on hand or other liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement, or if we desire to retain cash, we may borrow funds, issue additional equity securities, pay taxable stock dividends, if possible, distribute other property or securities or engage in a transaction intended to enable us to meet the reit distribution requirements or any combination of the foregoing.
capital expenditures the terms of our triple-net leases generally obligate our tenants to pay all capital expenditures necessary to maintain and improve our triple-net leased properties. however, from time to time, we may fund the capital expenditures for our triple-net leased properties through loans or advances to the tenants, which may increase the amount of rent payable with respect to the properties in certain cases. we may also fund capital expenditures for which we may become responsible upon expiration of our triple-net leases or in the event that our tenants are unable or unwilling to meet their obligations under those leases. we also expect to fund capital expenditures related to our shop and outpatient medical and research portfolio segments with the cash flows from the properties or through additional borrowings. we expect that these liquidity needs generally will be satisfied by a combination of the following: cash flows from operations, cash on hand, debt assumptions and financings (including secured financings), issuances of debt and equity securities, dispositions of assets (in whole or in part through joint venture arrangements with third parties) and borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program.
to the extent that unanticipated capital expenditure needs arise or significant borrowings are required, our liquidity may be affected adversely. our ability to borrow additional funds may be restricted in certain circumstances by the terms of the instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness.
we are party to certain agreements that obligate us to develop senior housing communities, outpatient medical buildings or research centers funded through capital that we and, in certain circumstances, our joint venture partners provide. as of december 31, 2023, we had six active and committed projects pursuant to these agreements, including three projects that are unconsolidated.
in addition, from time to time, we engage in redevelopment projects with respect to our existing senior housing communities, outpatient medical buildings and research centers to maximize the value, increase noi, maintain a market-competitive position, achieve property stabilization or change the primary use of the property.
equity offerings we participate in an "at-the-market" equity offering program ("atm program"), pursuant to which we may, from time to time, sell up to $1.0 billion aggregate gross sales price of shares of our common stock. during the year ended december 31, 2023, we sold 2.3 million shares of our common stock under our atm program for gross proceeds of $110.4 million, representing an average price of $47.89 per share. there were no issuances under the atm program for the year ended december 31, 2022. during the year ended december 31, 2021, we sold 10.9 million shares of our common stock under our previous atm program for gross proceeds of $626.4 million at an average gross price of $57.71 per share. as of december 31, 2023, the remaining amount available under our atm program for future sales of common stock was $889.6 million.
cash flows the following table sets forth our sources and uses of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended                                (decrease) increase december 31,                                            to cash
2023                                                                                       2022                                                            $   %
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year            $170,745                          $196,597          $(25,852)                       (13.1)
net cash provided by operating activities                                 1,119,873                         1,120,163              (290)                       -
net cash used in investing activities                                     (184,664)                         (859,218)            674,554        78.5
net cash used in financing activities                                     (543,749)                         (283,928)          (259,821)                       (91.5)
effect of foreign currency translation                                        1,257                           (2,869)              4,126        143.8
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year                  $563,462                          $170,745           $392,717                       nm
______________________________
nm-not meaningful cash flows from operating activities cash flows provided by operating activities decreased $0.3 million during 2023 over 2022 primarily due to an increase in noi across our three segments (primarily driven by our shop segment) in 2023 offset by higher interest expense in 2023 and the fact that $54.2 million of hhs grants received in 2022 did not re-occur in 2023.
cash flows from investing activities cash flows used in investing activities decreased $674.6 million during 2023 over 2022 primarily due to fewer external acquisitions and higher proceeds from real estate dispositions in 2023, partially offset by increased capital investment in our portfolio.
cash flows from financing activities cash flows used in financing activities increased $259.8 million during 2023 over 2022 primarily due to higher debt repayments and higher repayments under our commercial paper program in 2023, partially offset by higher proceeds from debt issuances.
off-balance sheet arrangements we own interests in certain unconsolidated entities as described in "note 7 - investments in unconsolidated entities." except in limited circumstances, our risk of loss is limited to our investment in the joint venture and any outstanding loans receivable. in addition, we have certain properties which serve as collateral for debt that is owed by a previous owner of certain of our facilities, as described under "note 10 - senior notes payable and other debt" to the consolidated financial statements. our risk of loss for these certain properties is limited to the outstanding debt balance plus penalties, if any. further, we use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate exposure. finally, at december 31, 2023, we had $16.2 million outstanding letters of credit obligations. we have no other material off-balance sheet arrangements that we expect would materially affect our liquidity and capital resources except those described above.
guarantor and issuer financial information ventas, inc. has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the outstanding senior notes, including the exchangeable notes, issued by our 100% owned subsidiary, ventas realty. none of our other subsidiaries is obligated with respect to ventas realty's outstanding senior notes.
ventas, inc. has also fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the outstanding senior notes issued by our 100% owned subsidiary, ventas canada finance limited ("ventas canada"). none of our other subsidiaries is obligated with respect to ventas canada's outstanding senior notes, all of which were issued on a private placement basis in canada.
in connection with the acquisition of nhp, our 100% owned subsidiary nhp llc, as successor to nhp, assumed the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the outstanding senior notes issued by nhp. neither we nor any of our subsidiaries (other than nhp llc) is obligated with respect to any of nhp llc's outstanding senior notes.
in addition, ventas, inc. has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligations under our $2.75 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, our c$500 million unsecured term loan facility, our $500.0 million unsecured term loan, our $200.0 million unsecured term loan and our $100.0 million uncommitted line for standby letters of credit.
under certain circumstances, contractual and legal restrictions, including those contained in the instruments governing our subsidiaries' outstanding mortgage indebtedness, may restrict our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries for the purpose of meeting our debt service obligations, including our payment guarantees with respect to ventas realty's and ventas canada's senior notes.
the following summarizes our guarantor and issuer the balance sheet information for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 and statement of income information as of december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) for each of ventas realty, as issuer of certain notes registered under the exchange act, and ventas, inc., on an unconsolidated basis, as guarantor of such notes:
balance sheet information as of december 31, 2023
guarantor                              issuer assets investment in and advances to affiliates                      $17,534,658                           $3,049,374
total assets                                                   17,845,979                            3,152,334
liabilities and equity intercompany loans                                             12,437,182                          (4,278,847)
total liabilities                                              12,660,012                            4,467,637
redeemable op unitholder and noncontrolling interests             129,346                                    -
total equity (deficit)                                          5,056,621                          (1,315,303)
total liabilities and equity                                   17,845,979                            3,152,334
as of december 31, 2022
guarantor                              issuer assets investment in and advances to affiliates                      $17,691,107                           $3,049,374
total assets                                                   17,752,892                            3,155,014
liabilities and equity intercompany loans                                             11,704,160                          (3,825,402)
total liabilities                                              11,925,997                            4,263,316
redeemable op unitholder and noncontrolling interests             102,148                                    -
total equity (deficit)                                          5,724,747                          (1,108,302)
total liabilities and equity                                   17,752,892                            3,155,014
statement of income information for the year ended december 31, 2023
guarantor                                    issuer equity earnings in affiliates                                                                                      $31,025                                        $-
total revenues                                                                                                      37,515                                   145,269
loss before unconsolidated entities, real estate dispositions, income taxes and noncontrolling interests          (38,639)                                 (213,851)
net loss                                                                                                          (40,973)                                 (213,851)
net loss attributable to common stockholders                                                                      (40,973)                                 (213,851)
for the year ended december 31, 2022
guarantor                                    issuer equity earnings in affiliates                                                                                      $43,317                                        $-
total revenues                                                                                                      45,037                                   145,560
loss before unconsolidated entities, real estate dispositions, income taxes and noncontrolling interests          (45,383)                                 (173,407)
net loss                                                                                                          (47,447)                                 (173,407)
net loss attributable to common stockholders                                                                      (47,447)                                 (173,407)
for the year ended december 31, 2021
guarantor                                    issuer equity earnings in affiliates                                                                                              $133,143                                        $-
total revenues                                                                                                              137,348                                   158,255
income (loss) before unconsolidated entities, real estate dispositions, income taxes and noncontrolling interests            49,694                                 (215,773)
net income (loss)                                                                                                            49,008                                 (215,777)
net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders                                                                        49,008                                 (215,777)
