item 1a.       risk factors risks related to our business and operations we are dependent upon key customers.
we rely on several key customers who represent a significant portion of our business. while we believe our relationships with our customers are generally good, our top customers could choose to reduce or terminate their relationships with wabtec. in addition, many of our customers place orders for products on an as-needed basis and operate in cyclical industries. as a result, customer order levels have varied from period to period in the past and may vary significantly in the future. such customer orders are dependent upon their markets and customers and may be subject to delays and cancellations. furthermore, the average service life of certain products in our end markets has increased in recent years due to innovations in technologies and manufacturing processes, which has also allowed end users to replace parts less often. as a result of our dependence on our key customers, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition if we lost any one or more of our key customers or if there is a reduction in their demand for our products.
our business operates in a highly competitive industry.
we operate in a global, competitive marketplace and face substantial competition from a limited number of established competitors, some of which may have greater financial resources than we do, may have a more extensive low-cost sourcing strategy and presence in low-cost regions than we do, or may receive significant governmental support. price competition is strong and, coupled with the existence of a number of cost-conscious customers with significant negotiating power, has historically limited our ability to increase prices. in addition to price, competition is based on product performance and technological leadership, quality, reliability of delivery, and customer service and support. if our competitors invest heavily in innovation and develop products that are more efficient or effective than our products, we may not be able to compete effectively. there can be no assurance that competition in one or more of our markets will not adversely affect us and our results of operations.
a failure to predict and react to customer demand could adversely affect our business.
if we are unable to accurately forecast demand for our existing products or to react appropriately to changes in demand, we may experience delayed product shipments and customer dissatisfaction. if demand increases significantly from current levels, both we and our suppliers may have difficulty meeting such demand, particularly if such demand increases occur rapidly. alternatively, we may carry excess inventory if demand for our products decreases below projected levels.
additionally, we have dedicated significant resources to the development, manufacturing and marketing of new products. decisions to develop and market new transportation products are typically made without firm indications of customer acceptance. moreover, by their nature, new products may require alteration of existing business methods or threaten to displace existing equipment in which our customers may have a substantial capital investment. there can be no assurance that any new products that we develop will gain widespread acceptance in the marketplace or that such products will be able to compete successfully with other new products or services that may be introduced by competitors. furthermore, we may incur additional warranty or other costs as new products are tested and used by customers.
failure to accurately predict and react to customer demand could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may fail to respond adequately or in a timely manner to innovative changes in new technology.
in recent years, the global transportation landscape has been characterized by rapid changes in technology, leading to innovative transportation and logistics concepts that could change the way the railway industry does business. there may be additional innovations impacting the railway industry that we cannot yet foresee. any failure by us to quickly adapt to and adopt new innovations in products and processes desired by our customers may result in a significant loss of demand for our product and service offerings. in addition, advances in technology may require us to increase investments in order to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher prices to cover the cost of these investments.
our revenues are subject to cyclical variations in the railway and passenger transit markets and changes in government spending.
the railway industry historically has been subject to significant fluctuations due to overall economic conditions, the use of alternate methods of transportation and the levels of government spending on railway projects. in economic downturns, railroads have deferred, and may defer, certain expenditures in order to conserve cash in the short term. for example, the economic slowdown that was caused by covid-19 impacted the timing of some orders, as customers deferred the delivery of some goods and services to future years. reductions in freight traffic may reduce demand for our replacement products.
the passenger transit railroad industry is also cyclical and is influenced by a variety of factors. new passenger transit car orders vary from year to year and are influenced by a variety of factors, including major replacement programs, the construction or expansion of transit systems by transit authorities and the quality and cost of alternative modes of transportation. to the extent that future funding for proposed public projects is curtailed or withdrawn altogether as a result of changes in political, economic, fiscal, or other conditions beyond our control, such projects may be delayed or canceled, resulting in a potential loss of business for us, including transit aftermarket and new transit car orders. there can be no assurance that economic conditions will be favorable or that there will not be significant fluctuations adversely affecting the industry as a whole and wabtec.
our backlog is not necessarily indicative of the level of our future revenues.
our backlog represents future production and estimated potential revenue attributable to firm contracts with, or written orders from, our customers for delivery in various periods.  instability in the global economy, negative conditions in the global credit markets, volatility in the industries that our products serve, changes in legislative policy, adverse changes in the financial condition of our customers, adverse changes in the availability of raw materials and supplies, or un-remedied contract breaches could possibly lead to contract termination or cancellations of orders in our backlog or request for deferred deliveries of our backlog orders, each of which could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. for example, although the economic slowdown caused by covid-19 did not result in any material cancellations of the company's backlog, it did impact the timing of some orders in backlog as, in certain cases, the delivery of goods and services were pushed out from their original timelines.
equipment failures, interruptions, delays in deliveries or extensive damage to our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems or information technology systems, could adversely affect our business.
all of our facilities, equipment, supply chains, distribution systems and information technology systems are subject to the risk of catastrophic loss due to unanticipated events, such as cyber-attacks, disease outbreak, fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes or weather conditions. an interruption in our manufacturing capabilities, supply chains, distribution systems or information technology systems, whether as a result of such catastrophic loss or any other reason, could reduce, prevent or delay our production and shipment of our product offerings, result in defective products or services, damage customer relationships and our reputation and result in legal exposure and large repair or replacement expenses. this could result in the delay or termination of orders, the loss of future sales and a negative impact to our reputation with our customers.
third-party insurance coverage that we maintain with respect to such matters will vary from time to time in both type and amount depending on cost, availability and our decisions regarding risk retention, and may be unavailable or insufficient to protect us against losses. any of these risks coming to fruition could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
disruption of our supply chain could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our ability to make, move, and sell our products is critical to our success. damage or disruption to our supply chain, including third-party manufacturing or transportation and distribution capabilities, could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of disruptions, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, particularly when a product is sourced from a single supplier or location, could adversely affect our business or financial results. in the aftermath of the disruptions caused by the covid-19 pandemic, various disruptive forces have continued to impact some of our supply chains, particularly in china, india, the u.s., and europe. supply chain disruptions and labor availability constraints have caused component, raw material and chip shortages resulting in an adverse effect on the timing of the company's revenue generation. additionally, broad-based inflation, escalation of diesel, utilities, energy, metals and other commodities costs, transportation and logistics costs, labor costs, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have persisted. there can be no assurance that there will not be further, or deeper, supply chain disruptions, or that the steps we are taking to mitigate such disruptions will be effective or achieve their desired results in a timely fashion.
in addition, disputes with significant suppliers, including disputes regarding pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations.
we intend to pursue acquisitions, joint ventures and alliances that involve a number of inherent risks, any of which may cause us not to realize anticipated benefits.
one aspect of our business strategy is to selectively pursue acquisitions, joint ventures and alliances that we believe will improve our market position and provide opportunities to realize operating synergies. these transactions involve inherent risks and uncertainties, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition including:
•difficulties in achieving identified financial and operating synergies, including the integration of operations, services and products;
•diversion of management's attention from other business concerns;
•the assumption of unknown liabilities; and
•unanticipated changes in the market conditions, business and economic factors affecting such an acquisition, joint venture or alliance.
we cannot assure that we will be able to consummate any future acquisitions, joint ventures or other business combinations. if we are unable to identify or consummate suitable acquisitions, joint ventures or alliances, we may be unable to fully implement our business strategy, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected as a result. in addition, our ability to engage in such strategic transactions will be dependent on our ability to raise substantial capital, and we may not be able to raise the funds necessary to implement this strategy on terms satisfactory to us, if at all.
the integration of our recently completed acquisitions may not result in anticipated improvements in market position or the realization of anticipated operating synergies or may take longer to realize than expected.
although we believe that our recent acquisitions will improve our market position and realize positive operating results, including operating synergies, operating expense reductions and overhead cost savings, we cannot be assured that these improvements will be obtained or the timing of such improvements. the management and acquisition of businesses involves substantial risks, any of which may result in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, including:
•the uncertainty that an acquired business will achieve anticipated operating results;
•significant expenses to integrate;
•diversion of management's attention from business operations to integration matters;
•departure of key personnel from the acquired business;
•effectively managing entrepreneurial spirit and decision-making;
•integration of different information systems;
•unanticipated costs and exposure to unforeseen liabilities; and
•impairment of assets.
the effects of potential future public health crises, epidemics, pandemics or similar events on our business, operating results and cash flows are uncertain.
we face a wide variety of risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks. as was evidenced by the covid-19 pandemic, public health crises have the potential to dramatically impact the global health and economic environment and to trigger significant economic volatility and operational uncertainty.
while our operations have generally stabilized since the peak of the covid-19 pandemic, future public health emergencies, which could include a resurgence of covid-19, and unpredictable responses by authorities around the world could negatively impact our global operations, customers and suppliers. any future public health crises, epidemics, pandemics or similar events could result in disruptions to our operations, including higher rates of employee absenteeism and supply chain disruptions, decreased demand for our products, volatility in financial markets, and overall deterioration of national and global economic conditions.
given the tremendous uncertainties and variables associated with public health crises, we cannot predict the impact of such events, but any one could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
risks related to international operations a significant portion of our sales may be derived from our international operations, which exposes us to certain risks inherent in doing business on an international level.
for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2023, approximately 55% of our consolidated net sales were to customers outside of the united states. we intend to continue to expand our international operations, including in emerging markets, in the future. our global headquarters for the transit group is located in france, and we conduct other international operations through a variety of wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures, including in australia, austria, brazil, canada, china, czech republic, france, germany, india, italy, kazakhstan/commonwealth of independent states ("cis"), the republic of north macedonia, mexico, the netherlands, poland, spain, south africa, turkey, and the united kingdom. as a result, we are subject to various risks, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on those operations and on our business as a whole, including:
•lack of complete operating control;
•lack of local business experience;
•currency exchange fluctuations and devaluations;
•restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds or limitations on our ability to repatriate income or capital;
•the complexities of operating within multiple tax jurisdictions;
•foreign trade restrictions and exchange controls;
•adverse impacts of international trade policies, such as import quotas, capital controls or tariffs;
•difficulty enforcing agreements and intellectual property rights;
•the challenges of complying with complex and changing laws, regulations, and policies of foreign governments;
•the difficulties involved in staffing and managing widespread operations;
•the potential for nationalization of enterprises;
•economic, political and social instability;
•potential reputational harm associated with doing business in certain countries;
•possible local catastrophes, such as natural disasters and epidemics; and
•possible terrorist attacks, conflicts and wars, including those against american interests.
our exposure to the risks associated with international operations may intensify if our international operations expand in the future.
we may incur increased costs or margin degradation due to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.
in the ordinary course of business, we are exposed to increases in interest rates that may adversely affect funding costs associated with variable-rate debt and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. we are subject to currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs may be denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn and report revenues and vice versa. in addition, a decrease in the value of any of these currencies relative to the u.s. dollar could reduce our profits from non-u.s. operations and the translated value of the net assets of our non-u.s. operations when reported in u.s. dollars in our consolidated financial statements. we may seek to minimize these risks through the use of interest rate swap contracts and currency hedging agreements. there can be no assurance that any of these measures will be effective. material changes in interest or exchange rates could result in material losses to us.
we have substantial operations located in emerging markets, and are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties in such markets.
we have substantial operations located in emerging markets, such as brazil, india, and kazakhstan. operations in such emerging markets are inherently risky due to a number of regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties. these risks include economies that may be dependent on only a few products and are therefore subject to significant fluctuations, weak legal systems which may affect our ability to enforce contractual rights, possible exchange controls, unstable governments, nationalization or privatization actions or other government actions affecting the flow of goods and currency.
significant changes in economic and regulatory policy in emerging countries as well as social or political uncertainties could significantly harm business and economic conditions in these markets generally and could disproportionately impact the rail industry, which could adversely affect our business and prospects in these markets.
in addition, physical and financial infrastructure may be less developed in some emerging countries than that of many developed nations. any disruptions with respect to banking and financial infrastructure, communication systems or any public facility, including transportation infrastructure, could disrupt our normal business activity. such disruptions could interrupt our business operations and significantly harm our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
regional and international conflicts, such as the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine and turmoil in the mideast region, may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
given the nature of our business and our global operations, political, economic, and other conditions in foreign countries and regions, may adversely affect our business and results of operations. regional and international conflicts could have a wide range of negative consequences, including causing damage or disruption to international commerce, disruptions to transportation and distribution routes, volatility in commodity markets, supply chain disruptions, business disruptions (including labor shortages), foreign currency dislocations or broader regional instability.
for example, the current conflict between russia and ukraine, has and may continue to adversely affect our business and results of operations. the broader consequences of this conflict, which may include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, and geopolitical shifts; disruptions to transportation and distribution routes, or strategic decisions to alter certain routes; potential retaliatory action by the russian government against companies, including us, including nationalization of foreign businesses and/or assets in russia; increased tensions between the united states and countries in which we operate; and the extent of the conflict's effect on our business and results of operations as well as the global economy, cannot be predicted.
additionally, wabtec has operations in kazakhstan that have continued operating but have incurred supply, distribution and currency impacts as an indirect result from the russian invasion of ukraine. to date, the operations in kazakhstan have not been significantly impacted by the ongoing conflict outside of the overall unfavorable impact to economic conditions; however, the future impact to these operations cannot be predicted.
to the extent a regional or international conflict adversely affects our business, particularly in russia and kazakhstan, it may also have the effect of heightening many other risks disclosed in this annual report, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and business spending; disruptions to our global technology infrastructure, including through cyberattack, ransom attack, or cyber-intrusion; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; our ability to maintain or increase our prices, our ability to implement and execute our business strategy, disruptions in global supply chains, our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, and constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets, difficulty staffing and managing impacted operations, and the recoverability of assets in the region.
risks related to macro-economic conditions and policies prolonged unfavorable economic and market conditions could adversely affect our business.
unfavorable general economic and market conditions in the united states and internationally, particularly in our key end markets, could have a negative impact on our sales and operations. to the extent that these factors result in continued instability of capital markets, shortages of raw materials or component parts, longer sales cycles, deferral or delay of customer orders or an inability to market our products effectively, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we may be exposed to raw material shortages, supply shortages, fluctuations in raw material, energy and commodity prices, and inflationary pressure.
we purchase energy, steel, aluminum, copper, rubber and rubber-based materials, chemicals, polymers and other key manufacturing inputs from outside sources, and traditionally have not had long-term pricing contracts with our pure raw material suppliers. the costs of these raw materials have been volatile historically and are influenced by factors that are outside our control, including inflationary pressure. if we are unable to pass increases in the costs of our raw materials on to our customers, experience a lag in our ability to pass increases to our customers, or operational efficiencies are not achieved, our operating margins and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
our businesses compete globally for key production inputs. in addition, we rely upon third-party suppliers, including certain single-sourced suppliers, for various components for our products. in the event of a shortage or discontinuation of certain raw materials or key inputs, we may experience challenges sourcing certain of our components to meet our production requirements and may not be able to arrange for alternative sources of certain raw materials or key inputs. any such shortage may materially adversely affect our competitive position versus companies that are able to better or more cheaply source such raw materials or key inputs.
changes to international trade policies, including tariffs and foreign trade restrictions, could adversely affect our business.
as a global transportation company, we generate export sales from our u.s. operations and also derive international sales through our foreign subsidiaries, licensees and joint ventures. we also do business with industry suppliers located in various international markets. a protectionist trade environment in either the united states or those foreign countries in which we do business, such as a change in the current tariff structures, export compliance or other trade policies, may adversely affect our business. in particular, such policies may impact or delay our customers' investments in our products, reduce the competitiveness of our products in certain markets, and inhibit our ability to cost-effectively purchase necessary inputs from certain suppliers. in addition, to the extent developments in international trade relations result in reduced global trade or slower growth in global trade, it is likely that this would result in reductions in investment in freight and transit rail.
international trade policies are affected by a diverse array of factors, including global and national economic and political conditions, which make it impossible for us to predict future developments regarding tariffs and other trade restrictions. although we actively monitor developments in international trade and proactively engage in efforts to mitigate the effect of trade policies, there can be no guarantee that these efforts will be successful.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws, in various jurisdictions.
we are subject to various laws, rules and regulations administered by authorities in jurisdictions in which we do business, such as the anti-corruption laws of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the french law n° 2016-1691 (sapin ii) and the u.k. bribery act, relating to our business and our employees. we are also subject to other laws and regulations governing our international operations, including regulations administered by the u.s. department of commerce's bureau of industry and security, the u.s. department of treasury's office of foreign assets control, and various non-u.s. government entities, including applicable export control regulations, economic sanctions on countries and persons, customs requirements, currency exchange regulations, and transfer pricing regulations. despite our policies, procedures and compliance programs, our internal controls and compliance systems may not be able to protect us from prohibited acts willfully committed by our employees, agents or business partners that would violate such applicable laws and regulations. any such improper acts could damage our reputation, subject us to civil or criminal judgments, fines or penalties, and could otherwise disrupt our business, and as a result, could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, our manufacturing operations and products are subject to safety, operations, maintenance and mechanical standards, rules and regulations enforced by various federal and state agencies and industry organizations both domestically and internationally. our business may be adversely impacted by new rules and regulations or changes to existing rules or regulations, which could require additional maintenance or substantial modification or refurbishment of certain of our products or could make such products obsolete or require them to be phased out prior to their useful lives. we are unable to predict what impact these or other regulatory changes may have, if any, on our business or the industry as a whole. we cannot assure that costs incurred to comply with any new standards or regulations will not be material to our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations.
we are subject to a variety of increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations governing air emissions, discharges into water, chemical substances in products, the use, handling, storage, and disposal of hazardous substances or waste materials, as well as the remediation of contamination associated with releases of hazardous substances. we have incurred, and will continue to incur, both operating and capital costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations, including costs associated with the clean-up and investigation of some of our current and former properties and offsite disposal locations. we believe our operations currently comply in all material respects with all of the various environmental laws and regulations applicable to our business; however, there can be no assurance that environmental requirements will not change in the future or that we will not incur significant costs to comply with such requirements. failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could have significant consequences on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of substantial fines and sanctions for violations, injunctive relief (including requirements that we limit or cease operations at affected facilities), and reputational risk.
in addition, certain of our products are subject to extensive, and increasingly stringent, statutory and regulatory requirements governing attributes, such as emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the u.s. environmental protection agency, the european union and other regulatory agencies around the world. we have made, and will continue to make, significant capital and research expenditures relating to compliance with these standards. the successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. in addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of these standards-particularly in emerging markets-are unpredictable and subject to change.
future climate change regulation could result in increased operating costs, affect the demand for our products or affect the ability of our critical suppliers to meet our needs.
management believes it is reasonably likely that the scientific and political attention to issues concerning the existence and extent of climate change, and the role of human activity in it, will continue, with the potential for further regulation that affects the company's operations and products. the potential challenges posed by evolving climate change policy and prospective legislation are heavily dependent on the nature and degree of such legislation and the extent to which it applies to our industry. although uncertain, these developments could increase costs or reduce the demand for the products the company sells. the company's manufacturing and service operations typically result in emissions of greenhouse gases. likewise, emissions arise from midstream and downstream operations, including operations of our locomotives and other products. finally, although beyond the control of the company, the use of fuels and related products by operators also results in greenhouse gas emissions that may be regulated. international agreements, domestic legislation and regulatory measures to limit greenhouse gas emissions are currently in various phases of discussion or implementation. while we are carefully monitoring developments, at this time, we cannot predict the ultimate impact of climate change and climate change legislation on our operations. any laws or regulations that may be adopted to restrict or reduce emissions of greenhouse gas could require us to incur increased operating costs and could have an adverse effect on demand for our products. in addition, the price and availability of certain of the raw materials that we use could vary in the future as a result of environmental laws and regulations affecting our suppliers. an increase in the price of our raw materials or a decline in their availability could adversely affect our operating margins or result in reduced demand for our products.
the occurrence of litigation in which we are, or could be, named as a defendant is unpredictable.
from time to time, we are subject, directly or through our subsidiaries, to litigation or other commercial disputes and other legal and regulatory proceedings with respect to our business, customers, suppliers, creditors, stockholders, product liability (including, asbestos claims), intellectual property infringement, competition and antitrust claims, warranty claims or environmental-related matters.
due to the inherent uncertainties of any litigation, commercial disputes or other legal or regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict their ultimate outcome, including the outcome of any related appeals. we may incur significant expense to defend or otherwise address current or future claims. although we maintain insurance policies for certain risks, we cannot make assurances that this insurance will be adequate to protect us from all material judgments and expenses related to potential future claims or that these levels of insurance will be available in the future at economical prices or at all. in addition, although in some cases we may be indemnified by non-affiliated entities that retain liabilities in connection with specific matters, there can be no assurance that these indemnitors will remain financially viable and capable of satisfying their obligations.
any litigation, even a claim without merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
our manufacturer's warranties or product liability may expose us to potentially significant claims.
we warrant the workmanship and materials of many of our products. accordingly, we are subject to a risk of product liability or warranty claims in the event that the failure of any of our products results in personal injury or death or does not conform to our customers' specifications. in addition, in recent years, we have introduced a number of new products for which we do not have a history of warranty experience. although we currently maintain liability insurance coverage, we cannot assure that product liability claims, if made, would not exceed our insurance coverage limits or that insurance will continue to be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. the possibility exists for these types of warranty claims to result in costly product recalls, significant repair costs and damage to our reputation.
expectations relating to environmental, social and governance considerations expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, and other adverse effects on our business.
many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance considerations relating to businesses, including climate action and greenhouse gas emissions, supply chain due diligence, human capital management, and diversity, equity and inclusion. we make statements about our esg goals and initiatives through information provided in reports that we file or furnish with the securities and exchange commission, on our website, in press statements, and in other communications, including through our sustainability reports. our response to these esg considerations and the implementation of these goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, including those described under "forward-looking statements," and such response may be impacted by factors that are outside our control. in addition, some stakeholders may disagree with our goals and initiatives and the focus of stakeholders may change and evolve over time. stakeholders also may have different views on the relative prioritization of the company's esg focus, including differing views of regulators in various jurisdictions in which we operate. any failure, or perceived failure, by us to achieve our goals, further our initiatives, adhere to our public statements, comply with federal, state or international environmental, social and governance laws and regulations, or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us and materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price.
risks related to data security and intellectual property if we are not able to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, we may be adversely affected.
our success can be impacted by our ability to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. we rely primarily on patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and unfair competition laws, as well as license agreements and other contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. however, filing, prosecuting and defending patents on our products in all countries and jurisdictions throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive. moreover, existing u.s. legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights offer only limited protection, may not provide us with any competitive advantages and may be challenged by third parties. the laws of countries other than the united states may be even less protective of intellectual property rights. as a result, a significant portion of our technology is not patented, and we may be unable or may not seek to obtain patent protection for this technology. further, although we routinely conduct anti-counterfeiting activities in multiple jurisdictions, we have encountered counterfeit reproductions of our products or products that otherwise infringe on our intellectual property rights. counterfeit components of low quality may negatively impact our brand value. accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon, counterfeiting or misappropriating our intellectual property or otherwise gaining access to our technology. if we fail to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, then our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted.
in addition, we operate in industries in which there are many third-party owners of intellectual property rights. owners of intellectual property that we need to conduct our business as it evolves may be unwilling to license such intellectual property rights to us on terms we consider reasonable. third party intellectual property owners may assert infringement claims against us based on their intellectual property portfolios. if we are sued for intellectual property infringement, we may incur significant expenses investigating and defending such claims, even if we prevail.
we face cyber-security and data protection risks relating to cyber-attacks and information technology failures that could cause loss of confidential information and other business disruptions.
we rely extensively on the security, stability, and availability of technology systems in our business. we also collect, process, and retain sensitive and confidential customer information, including proprietary business information, personal data and other information that may be subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and/or customer-imposed data protection controls. our business may be adversely impacted by unintentional technology disruptions, including those resulting from programming errors, employee operational errors, software defects, and product vulnerabilities.
we also provide technological products integral to train operation. accordingly, our business may be adversely impacted by disruptions to our own or third-party information technology infrastructure, which could result from cybersecurity incidents, including, but not limited to, unauthorized access to the company's information technology systems, data access or acquisition, and/or encryption of the company's environment. for instance, during 2021, one of our vendors publicly disclosed vulnerabilities in its operating system that we use for certain wabtec products. additionally, during 2022, the company detected a cyber-security incident which impacted the company's network. the company promptly activated incident response protocols and completed a thorough investigation. the incidents did not have a material impact on our business, operations or financial results. a successful exploitation of our own or our vendors' information technology infrastructure could result in service interruptions, safety hazards, misappropriation of confidential information, process failures, security breaches or other operational difficulties. such an event could result in decreased revenues and increased capital, insurance or operating costs, including the increased costs of security to protect the company's infrastructure, among other results. insurance maintained by the company to protect against loss of business and other related consequences resulting from cyber incidents may not be sufficient to cover all damages. a disruption or compromise of the company's technology systems, even for short periods of time, could have a material adverse effect.
risks related to human capital labor shortages and labor disputes may have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability.
we depend on skilled labor in our manufacturing and other businesses. due to the competitive nature of the labor markets in which we operate, we may not be able to retain, recruit and train the personnel we require, particularly when the economy expands, production rates are high or competition for such skilled labor increases.
we collectively bargain with labor unions at some of our operations throughout the world. failure to reach an agreement could result in strikes or other labor protests which could disrupt our operations. furthermore, non-union employees in certain countries have the right to strike. if we were to experience a strike or work stoppage, it would be difficult for us to find a sufficient number of employees with the necessary skills to replace these employees. we cannot assure that we will reach any such agreement or that we will not encounter strikes or other types of conflicts with the labor unions of our personnel.
any such labor shortages or labor disputes could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, could cause us to lose revenues and customers and might have permanent effects on our business.
we rely on our management team and other key personnel.
we depend on the skills, working relationships, and continued services of key personnel, including our experienced management team, and other key employees. in addition, our ability to achieve our operating goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train, and retain qualified individuals. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, train, and retain other talented personnel. any such loss or failure could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. if we lose key personnel, because they terminate their employment or retire, or as a result of illness, disability or death, or if an insufficient number of employees is retained to maintain effective operations, our business activities may be adversely affected and our management team's attention may be diverted. in addition, we may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key personnel that we lose, or we may not be able to hire potential replacements on reasonable terms, all of which could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.
risks related to our indebtedness our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health.
at december 31, 2023, we had total debt of $4.1 billion, primarily related to senior notes. being indebted could have important consequences to us. for example, our indebtedness could:
•increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes;
•limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate;
•place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt;
•limit our ability to borrow additional funds; and,
•result in higher borrowing costs impacting our financial results upon refinancing any of our maturing debt.
moreover, our restated credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes permit us to incur substantial additional indebtedness, which may further contribute to, or exacerbate the impact of, the foregoing impacts.
the indentures for our outstanding senior notes and our restated credit agreement contain various covenants that limit our management's discretion in the operation of our businesses.
our restated credit agreement subjects us to customary (i) affirmative covenants, including requirements with respect to certain reporting obligations on us and our subsidiaries, and (ii) negative covenants, including limitations on: indebtedness; liens; restricted payments; fundamental changes (including certain changes in control); business activities; transactions with affiliates; restrictive agreements; changes in fiscal year; and use of proceeds. in addition, we are required to maintain (i) a ratio of ebitda to interest expense of at least 3.00 to 1.00 over each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on the last day of a fiscal quarter and (ii) a leverage ratio, calculated by net debt as of the last day of such fiscal quarter to ebitda for the four quarters then ended, of 3.5 or less. all terms are as defined in the restated credit agreement.
the indentures under which our senior notes were issued contain covenants and restrictions which limit, subject to certain exceptions, certain sale and leaseback transactions with respect to principal properties, the incurrence of secured debt without equally and ratably securing the senior notes and certain merger and consolidation transactions. in addition, the indentures require that we offer to repurchase our outstanding senior notes upon the occurrence of certain change of control triggering events.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview wabtec is a global provider of value-added, technology-based locomotives, equipment, systems and services for the freight rail and passenger transit industries, as well as the mining, marine, and industrial markets. our highly engineered products, which are intended to enhance safety, improve productivity and reduce maintenance costs for customers, can be found on most locomotives, freight cars, passenger transit cars, and buses around the world. our core products and services are essential in the safe and efficient operation of freight rail and passenger transit vehicles. wabtec is a global company with operations in over 50 countries and our products can be found in more than 100 countries throughout the world. in 2023, approximately 55% of the company's net sales came from customers outside the u.s.
wabtec's long-term financial goals are to drive strong cash flow conversion, maintain a strong credit profile while minimizing our overall cost of capital, increase margins through strict attention to cost controls, drive improved efficiencies across the business, and increase revenues through a focused growth strategy, including product innovation and new technologies, global and market expansion, aftermarket products and services, and strategic acquisitions. in addition, management evaluates the company's current operational performance through measures such as safety, quality and on-time delivery.
the company primarily serves the worldwide freight and transit rail industries. our operating results are largely dependent on the level of activity, financial condition and capital spending plans of railroads and passenger transit agencies around the world, and transportation equipment manufacturers who serve those markets. many factors influence these industries, including general economic conditions; traffic volumes, as measured by freight carloads and passenger ridership; number of locomotives and railcars in operation; government spending on public transportation; and investment in new technologies. in general, trends such as urbanization and growth in developing markets, sustainability and environmental awareness, investment in technology solutions, an aging equipment fleet, and growth in global trade are expected to drive continued investment in freight rail and passenger transit.
the company monitors a variety of factors and statistics to gauge market activity. freight rail markets around the world are driven primarily by overall economic conditions and activity, while transit markets are driven primarily by government funding and passenger ridership. changes in these market drivers can cause fluctuations in demand for wabtec's products and services.
business update during 2023, wabtec continued to execute on our value creation framework by signing strategic orders for locomotive modernizations in north america that will span multiple years, new locomotives with a north american railroad, new locomotives in brazil, long-term supply and maintenance agreement for brakes in india, and mining drive systems in high altitude applications. we announced our largest certified pre-owned order for 69 locomotives for a north american customer and won a contract to supply pantograph and passenger information systems for up to 504 transit cars. wabtec completed the strategic acquisition of l&m radiator, inc., a leading manufacturer of heavy-duty equipment radiators and heat exchangers for the mining sector, and acquired the remaining 50% ownership interest in lokomotiv kurastyru zauyty (lkz), a locomotive manufacturing and assembly plant in kazakhstan. we delivered our 500th locomotive in kazakhstan for the cis region and our 500th locomotive to indian railways, which was a significant milestone in our 10-year contract. our senior unsecured debt was upgraded by moody's, which reflects resiliency of the business, our balance sheet strength and strong cash generation. additionally, wabtec rebranded our digital electronics product line to digital intelligence, a change that more accurately reflects the complete digital products and services portfolio offered to our customers. the digital intelligence portfolio was also expanded with entry into the railcar telematics market.
during the first quarter of 2022, wabtec announced integration 2.0, a three-year strategic initiative to target incremental run rate synergies estimated to be between $75 million and $90 million in 2025. the scope of the review includes consolidating our operating footprint, reducing headcount, streamlining the end-to-end manufacturing process, restructuring the north america distribution channels, expanding operations in low-cost countries and simplifying the business through systems enablement, including the source-to-pay process. management will also consider additional capital investments to further simplify and streamline the business. the company anticipates that it will incur one-time restructuring charges of approximately $135 million to $165 million related to this initiative, of which approximately $118 million has been incurred through december 31, 2023. total estimated initiative charges could change based on the specific programs approved or changes to the scope of the review. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2023, the company incurred one-time restructuring charges for programs included in the initiative of approximately $49 million which were primarily for employee-related costs and asset write downs associated with site consolidations in europe. programs approved to date are expected to result in approximately 15 facility closures and impact approximately 1,100 employees. charges related to integration 2.0 of
$46 million were recorded during the twelve months ended december 31, 2022, primarily for employee-related costs associated with site consolidations in europe and costs related to the restructuring of north america distribution channels.
in addition to integration 2.0, wabtec is focused on exiting various low margin product offerings through portfolio optimization to improve profitability while reducing manufacturing complexity. wabtec expects to incur approximately $85 million in net exit charges related to portfolio optimization, which will be predominately non-cash asset write downs. wabtec recorded charges of approximately $28 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 for asset write downs related to portfolio optimization.
future macroeconomic volatility, supply chain disruptions and labor availability could cause component and raw material shortages resulting in an adverse effect on the timing of the company's revenue and cash flows. additionally, broad-based inflation, metals, energy and other commodity costs, transportation and logistics costs, labor costs, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations all continue to impact our results. the company utilizes various mitigating actions intended to lessen the impact of macroeconomic volatility. these actions include implementing price escalations and surcharges, driving operational efficiencies through various cost mitigation efforts and discretionary spend management, strategically sourcing materials, reviewing and modifying distribution logistics, and accelerating integration synergies through integration 2.0.
a portion of our workers are represented by labor unions. the united electrical, radio and machine workers of america (ue), locals 506 and 618 collective bargaining agreement, covering approximately 1,400 locomotive manufacturing workers in erie, pennsylvania, expired on june 9, 2023. negotiations with ue officially began on april 27, 2023 and an agreement between the company and the ue was not reached before the contract expired. on june 22, 2023, the ue voted against ratification of the company's proposed agreement and authorized a strike. the company and the ue subsequently reached an agreement that was ratified by the ue on august 31, 2023, ending the labor strike. the company continuously monitors its labor activity.
cyber incident as previously announced, on june 26, 2022, we detected a cyber security incident which impacted the company's network. the company promptly activated incident response protocols, which included shutting down certain systems, and commenced an investigation of the incident. the company also notified law enforcement and engaged legal counsel and other third-party incident response and cybersecurity professionals.
based on the company's assessment, the incident has not had a significant financial impact and the company does not believe the incident will have a material impact on its business, operations or financial results. the company maintains cyber insurance, subject to certain deductibles and policy limitations typical for its size and industry.
acquisitions during the fourth quarter of 2023, the company purchased the remaining ownership shares of lkz, a locomotive manufacturing and assembly company located in kazakhstan for $111 million, at which time it became a wholly owned subsidiary of the company. prior to this purchase, wabtec owned 50% of lkz as a joint venture partner and accounted for its interest as an equity method investment. during the second quarter of 2023, the company acquired l&m radiator, inc., a leading manufacturer of heavy-duty equipment radiators and heat exchangers for the mining sector, for a purchase price of approximately $245 million.
during 2022, the company made three strategic acquisitions in the freight segment for a combined purchase price of $89 million. two of the acquisitions are reported in the digital intelligence product line and one is reported in the services product line. each of the acquisitions in 2022 are individually and collectively immaterial. on march 31, 2021, the company acquired nordco, a leading north american supplier of new, rebuilt and used maintenance of way equipment. the company also made acquisitions during 2021 not listed above which are individually and collectively immaterial. for additional information related to these acquisitions refer to note 3 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
results of operations consolidated results
2023 compared to 2022
the following table shows our consolidated statements of operations for the years indicated.
for the year ended december 31, in millions                                                                        2023                                2022
net sales:
sales of goods                                                             $7,647                              $6,459
sales of services                                                           2,030                               1,903
total net sales                                                             9,677                               8,362
cost of sales:
cost of goods                                                             (5,581)                             (4,791)
cost of services                                                          (1,152)                             (1,031)
total cost of sales                                                       (6,733)                             (5,822)
gross profit                                                                2,944                               2,540
operating expenses:
selling, general and administrative expenses                              (1,139)                             (1,029)
engineering expenses                                                        (218)                               (209)
amortization expense                                                        (321)                               (291)
total operating expenses                                                  (1,678)                             (1,529)
income from operations                                                      1,266                               1,011
other income and expenses:
interest expense, net                                                       (218)                               (186)
other income, net                                                              44                                  29
income before income taxes                                                  1,092                                 854
income tax expense                                                          (267)                               (213)
net income                                                                    825                                 641
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest                     (10)                                 (8)
net income attributable to wabtec shareholders                               $815                                $633
the following table shows the major components of the change in net sales in 2023 from 2022:
in millions                            freight segment                  transit segment                    total
2022 net sales                          $6,012                           $2,350                       $8,362
acquisitions                               109                                -                          109
foreign exchange                          (23)                               25                            2
organic                                    864                              340                        1,204
2023 net sales                          $6,962                           $2,715                       $9,677
the following discussion compares our results for the year ended december 31, 2023 to the year ended december 31, 2022. the discussion comparing our results for the year ended december 31, 2022 to the year ended december 31, 2021 is included within management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the sec on february 15, 2023.
net sales net sales for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased by $1.32 billion, or 15.7%, to $9.68 billion compared to the same period in 2022. organic sales increased $1.20 billion which was attributable to both the freight and transit segments. freight segment organic sales increased by $864 million primarily driven by services sales from higher parts sales and higher deliveries of locomotive modernizations and overhauls, equipment sales from higher north american and international locomotive sales and increased mining sales, and components sales due to a higher railcar build and growth in industrial end-markets. sales from acquisitions contributed $109 million in the freight segment. transit segment organic sales increased by
$340 million primarily as a result of increased demand for aftermarket and original equipment manufacturing products driven by increased infrastructure investment.
cost of sales cost of sales for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased by $911 million, or 15.6%, to $6.73 billion compared to the same period in 2022. the increase is primarily due to the increase in net sales. cost of sales as a percentage of sales was 69.6% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022. cost of sales for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 included $38 million and $43 million, respectively, of restructuring costs primarily for footprint rationalization and headcount actions, primarily related to integration 2.0.
operating expenses total operating expenses increased $149 million, or 9.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. operating expenses as a percentage of sales was 17.3% and 18.3% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a") increased $110 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. the increase is primarily from costs incurred to support the higher sales volume, higher employee compensation and benefit costs, and higher professional services spend. restructuring costs included in sg&a were $18 million and $9 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, primarily for headcount actions and footprint rationalization programs, primarily related to integration 2.0. engineering expense increased $9 million primarily due to investments in new technology and amortization expense increased $30 million, due to portfolio optimization costs and increased expense from acquisitions.
interest expense, net interest expense, net, increased $32 million to $218 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 over the same period in 2022 primarily attributable to higher effective interest rates and higher average overall debt balances in the current year.
other income, net other income, net, increased $15 million to $44 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. as a result of the change in ownership interest and obtaining control of lkz, wabtec's previously held equity interest balance was remeasured to fair value, resulting in a gain of approximately $35 million recorded to other income, net. the gain was partially offset by lower foreign exchange gains and lower equity income in the current year compared to the prior year.
income taxes the effective income tax rate was 24.5% and 25.0% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate in 2023 is primarily the result of earnings mix. see note 11 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
freight segment the following table shows our consolidated statements of operations for our freight segment for the periods indicated:
for the year ended december 31, in millions                                                         2023                                2022                  change                % change net sales:
sales of goods                                              $4,945                              $4,125                     $820                    19.9    %
sales of services                                            2,017                               1,887                      130                     6.9    %
total net sales                                              6,962                               6,012                      950                    15.8    %
cost of sales:
cost of goods                                              (3,630)                             (3,098)                      532                    17.2    %
cost of services                                           (1,142)                             (1,018)                      124                    12.2    %
total cost of sales                                        (4,772)                             (4,116)                      656                    15.9    %
cost of sales (% of net sales)                                68.5     %                          68.5     %                  -
gross profit                                                 2,190                               1,896                      294                    15.5    %
operating expenses                                         (1,119)                             (1,032)                       87                     8.4    %
income from operations ($)                                  $1,071                                $864                     $207                    24.0    %
income from operations (% of net sales)                       15.4     %                          14.4     %                     1.0
the following table shows the major components of the change in net sales for the freight segment in 2023 from 2022:
in millions
2022 net sales                                        $6,012
acquisitions                                             109
foreign exchange                                        (23)
changes in sales by product line:
services                                                 444
equipment                                                250
components                                               150
digital intelligence                                      20
2023 net sales                                        $6,962
net sales freight segment organic sales increased by $864 million driven primarily by:
•services sales from higher deliveries of locomotive modernizations and overhauls and higher parts sales
•equipment sales from higher north america and international locomotive sales and increased mining sales
•components sales from higher original equipment railcar build and increased market share for certain products due to product availability and increased demand for industrial products additionally, freight segment sales also benefited from our strategic acquisitions, primarily from l&m radiator inc., by $109 million.
cost of sales freight segment cost of sales increased $656 million and cost of sales as a percentage of sales remained consistent at 68.5%. the increase in cost of sales was primarily driven by:
•higher sales volume
•manufacturing inefficiencies primarily related to the strike at our erie facility
•higher next generation product development costs in digital intelligence and equipment partially offset by:
•favorable mix within the freight segment product lines
•benefits from structured cost actions cost of sales for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 included $13 million and $15 million, respectively, of restructuring costs, primarily related to integration 2.0 and portfolio optimization costs.
operating expenses operating expenses as a percentage of sales for the freight segment were 16.1% and 17.2% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. freight segment operating expenses increased by $87 million primarily driven by:
•higher sg&a expenses of $56 million resulting from higher costs to support increased sales volume, higher employee compensation and benefit costs and incremental expense from acquisitions
•higher amortization expense of $28 million, due to portfolio optimization costs and increased expense from acquisitions freight operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2023 includes $28 million of restructuring costs related to integration 2.0 and portfolio optimization.
transit segment the following table shows our consolidated statements of operations for our transit segment for the periods indicated:
for the year ended december 31, in millions                                                         2023                                2022                  change                % change net sales                                                   $2,715                              $2,350                     $365                    15.5    %
cost of sales                                              (1,961)                             (1,706)                      255                    14.9    %
cost of sales (% of net sales)                                72.2     %                          72.6     %              (0.4)
gross profit                                                   754                                 644                      110                    17.1    %
operating expenses                                           (465)                               (413)                       52                    12.6    %
income from operations ($)                                    $289                                $231                      $58                    25.1    %
income from operations (% of net sales)                       10.7     %                           9.8     %                     0.9
the following table shows the major components of the change in net sales for the transit segment in 2023 from 2022:
in millions
2022 net sales                                        $2,350
foreign exchange                                          25
changes in sales by product line:
original equipment manufacturing                         132
aftermarket                                              208
2023 net sales                                        $2,715
net sales transit segment organic sales increased $340 million driven by strong aftermarket and original equipment manufacturing sales primarily as a result of increased demand for heating, ventilation and air conditioning (hvac) and brake systems, increased infrastructure investment, and the easing of supply chain disruptions. additionally, transit sales in 2022 were unfavorably impacted by the previously disclosed cyber incident. favorable changes in foreign exchange rates also increased sales by $25 million.
cost of sales transit segment cost of sales increased by $255 million and cost of sales as a percentage of sales decreased by 0.4 percentage points primarily due to higher sales volume partially offset by benefits from structured cost actions taken through prior years' restructuring and integration projects, including integration 2.0.
cost of sales for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 included $25 million and $28 million, respectively, of restructuring costs, primarily related to integration 2.0 for headcount actions and footprint rationalization in europe.
operating expenses operating expenses as a percentage of sales for the transit segment were 17.1% and 17.6% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. transit segment operating expenses increased by $52 million primarily driven by:
•higher sg&a expenses of $44 million to support higher sales volume and higher employee compensation and benefit costs, partially offset by benefits from structured cost actions taken through prior years' restructuring and integration projects, including integration 2.0
•an increase in engineering expense of $6 million due to investments in new technology transit operating expenses for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, includes $15 million and $9 million, respectively, of restructuring costs primarily related to integration 2.0 for footprint rationalization and headcount actions in europe.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity is provided by operating cash flows and borrowings under the company's senior notes and unsecured credit facility with a consortium of commercial banks. additionally, the company utilizes the revolving receivables program and supply chain financing program described below, as well as other short-term financing agreements with certain banks, for added flexibility as part of our liquidity management strategy. the following is a summary of selected cash flow information and other relevant data:
for the year ended december 31, in millions                         2023                      2022
cash provided by (used for):
operating activities                         $1,201                          $1,038
investing activities                         $(492)                          $(235)
financing activities                         $(633)                          $(708)
operating activities in 2023, cash provided by operating activities was $1,201 million, primarily from $1,298 million attributable to net income and other changes in the related statements of income amounts. this was partially offset by $(97) million of net cash used from increases in receivables due to higher sales, increases in inventory and accounts payable to support higher sales and timing of payments for expenses and receipts from customer deposits.
in 2022, cash provided by operating activities was $1,038 million, primarily from $1,147 million attributable to net income and other changes in the related statements of income amounts, partially offset by $(109) million of net cash used from changes in working capital accounts to support increased demand.
investing activities in 2023 and 2022, cash used for investing activities was $(492) million and $(235) million, respectively. during 2023, wabtec acquired l&m radiator, inc., a leading manufacturer of heavy-duty equipment radiators and heat exchangers, for net cash of approximately $(229) million and the remaining ownership shares of lkz for net cash of approximately $(81) million. during 2023, wabtec also used $(186) million for additions to property, plant and equipment for investments in our facilities and manufacturing processes. during 2022, wabtec made three strategic acquisitions for a combined purchase price of $(89) million and used $(149) million for additions to property, plant and equipment.
financing activities in 2023, cash used for financing activities was $(633) million, which included $42 million from net changes in debt, $(409) million of stock repurchases, $(123) million of dividend payments, $(112) million of contingent consideration payments related to the ge transportation acquisition, $(17) million of distributions to noncontrolling interest, and $(16) million of payments for income tax withholding on share-based compensation. in 2022, cash used for financing activities was $(708) million which included $(30) million from net changes in debt, $(473) million of stock repurchases, $(111) million of dividend payments, and $(101) million of contingent consideration payments related to the ge transportation acquisition.
during the third quarter of 2023, the company borrowed the full $250 million of availability under the delayed draw term loan and subsequently utilized the proceeds to redeem the outstanding 2023 notes. beginning september 15, 2023, the effective interest rates for the 2024 notes and the 2028 notes were each reduced by 0.25% due to a favorable change in wabtec's corporate credit rating and the rating of the aforementioned notes. additionally, during 2023, the company has also entered into $250 million of interest rate contracts to manage its net exposure to interest rate changes and its overall cost of borrowing. these contracts may be utilized for future debt financing.
during the second quarter of 2022, the company redeemed $25 million of principal from the 2024 notes plus a premium and the related accrued interest.
the company borrows and repays against the revolving credit facility for added flexibility in liquidity to manage cash during the operating cycle. the proceeds from borrowing and the repayments are shown within the "proceeds from debt, net of issuance costs" and "payments of debt" lines, respectively, presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows. additional information with respect to credit facilities and long-term debt is included in note 9 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
as of december 31, 2023, the company held approximately $620 million of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, of which approximately $190 million was held within the united states and approximately $430 million was held outside of the united states, primarily in india, europe, brazil, and kazakhstan. while repatriation of some cash held outside the united states may be restricted by local laws, most of the company's foreign cash could be repatriated to the united states net of any tax impacts. as of december 31, 2023, approximately $5 million of the company's $620 million cash balance was classified as restricted cash.
we or our affiliates may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase outstanding debt through negotiated or open-market cash purchases, exchanges, or otherwise, and such transactions, if any, will be upon such terms and at such prices as we may determine, and will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors.
revolving receivables program the company utilizes a revolving receivables facility to sell up to $350 million of certain receivables through our bankruptcy-remote subsidiary to a financial institution on a recurring basis in exchange for cash equal to the gross receivables sold. as customers pay their balances, we transfer additional receivables into the program, which could result in our gross receivables sold being higher or lower than customer collections remitted to the financial institution for any applicable period. net cash (remitted)/received from the revolving receivables program was $(60) million and $60 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. additional information with respect to the revolving receivables program is included in note 2 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
supply chain financing program the company has entered into supply chain financing arrangements with third-party financial institutions to provide our vendors with enhanced payment options while providing the company with added working capital flexibility. the company does not provide any guarantees under these arrangements, does not have an economic interest in our supplier's voluntary participation, does not receive an economic benefit from the financial institutions, and no assets are pledged under the arrangements. the arrangements do not change the payable terms negotiated by the company and our vendors and does not result in a change in the classification of amounts due as accounts payable in the consolidated balance sheets. additional information with respect to the supply chain financing program is included in note 2 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
guarantor summarized financial information the obligations under the us notes issued by westinghouse air brake technologies corporation (the "parent company") have been fully and unconditionally guaranteed by certain of the parent company's u.s. subsidiaries ("guarantor subsidiaries"). each guarantor is 100% owned by the parent company, with the exception of ge transportation, a wabtec company, which has 15,000 shares outstanding of class a non-voting preferred stock held by general electric company. the euro notes are issued by wabtec transportation netherlands b.v. ("wabtec netherlands") and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the parent company.
the following tables present summarized financial information of the parent company and the guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis. the combined summarized financial information eliminates intercompany balances and transactions among the parent company and guarantor subsidiaries and equity in earnings and investments in any guarantor subsidiaries or non-guarantor subsidiaries. the summarized financial information is provided in accordance with the reporting requirements of rule 13-01 under sec regulation s-x for the issuer and guarantor subsidiaries.
summarized statement of income unaudited parent company and guarantor subsidiaries in millions                                           year ended december 31, 2023
net sales                                             $5,742
gross profit                                          $1,454
net income attributable to wabtec shareholders        $481
summarized balance sheet unaudited parent company and guarantor subsidiaries in millions                             december 31, 2023                            december 31, 2022
current assets                             $1,513                                       $1,328
noncurrent assets                          $2,196                                       $2,384
current liabilities                        $2,443                                       $1,881
long-term debt                             $2,739                                       $3,209
other non-current liabilities                $662                                         $551
the following is a description of the transactions between the combined parent company and guarantor subsidiaries with non-guarantor subsidiaries.
unaudited parent company and guarantor subsidiaries in millions                                     year ended december 31, 2023
net sales to non-guarantor subsidiaries         $956
purchases from non-guarantor subsidiaries       $1,571
unaudited parent company and guarantor subsidiaries in millions                                     december 31, 2023
amount due to non-guarantor subsidiaries        $10,208
summarized financial information-euro notes the obligations under wabtec netherlands' euro notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the parent company. wabtec netherlands is a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of the parent company. wabtec netherlands is a holding company and does not have any independent operations. its assets consist of its investments in subsidiaries, which are separate and distinct legal entities that are not guarantors of the euro notes and have no obligations to pay amounts due under wabtec netherlands' obligations.
the following tables present summarized financial information of wabtec netherlands, as the issuer of the euro notes, and the parent company, as the parent guarantor, on a combined basis. the combined summarized financial information eliminates all intercompany balances and transactions among wabtec netherlands and the parent company as well as all equity in earnings from and investments in any subsidiary of the parent company, other than wabtec netherlands, which we refer to below as the non-guarantor subsidiaries. the summarized financial information is provided in accordance with the reporting requirements of rule 13-01 under sec regulation s-x for the issuer and parent company guarantor.
summarized statement of income unaudited issuer and guarantor in millions                                        year ended december 31, 2023
net sales                                          $562
gross profit                                       $104
net loss attributable to wabtec shareholders       $(370)
summarized balance sheet unaudited issuer and guarantor in millions                             december 31, 2023                      december 31, 2022
current assets                               $493                                   $264
noncurrent assets                            $651                                   $770
current liabilities                        $1,272                                   $733
long-term debt                             $3,287                                 $3,740
other non-current liabilities                 $84                                   $128
the following is a description of the transactions between the combined wabtec netherlands, as the issuer of the euro notes, and the parent company, as the parent guarantor, with the subsidiaries of westinghouse air brake technologies corp., other than wabtec netherlands, none of which are guarantors of the euro notes.
unaudited issuer and guarantor in millions                                              year ended december 31, 2023
net sales to non-guarantor subsidiaries                  $38
purchases from non-guarantor subsidiaries       153
unaudited issuer and guarantor in millions                                              december 31, 2023
amount due to non-guarantor subsidiaries                 $11,112
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements the company is obligated to make future payments under various contracts such as purchase, debt and lease agreements and has certain contingent commitments. the company has grouped these contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements into operating activities, financing activities, and investing activities in the same manner as they are classified in the statement of consolidated cash flows to provide a better understanding of the nature of the obligations and arrangements and to provide a basis for comparison to historical information. the table below provides a summary of contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2023:
in millions                                                            total                    2024                   2025-26                   2027-28                  2029+
operating activities:
purchase obligations (1)                                            $157                     $137                     $19                        $1                      $-
operating leases (2)                                                     341                      61                       102                        64                    114
pension and postretirement benefit payments (3)                      218                       20                      40                        43                     115
interest payments (4)                                                501                      140                     225                       136                       -
financing activities:
long-term debt                                                     4,084                      781                   1,250                     2,053                       -
dividends to shareholders (5)                                        142                      142                       -                         -                       -
contingent consideration (6)                                          42                       42                       -                         -                       -
total                                                             $5,485                   $1,323                  $1,636                    $2,297                    $229
(1)purchase obligations represent non-cancelable contractual obligations at december 31, 2023. in addition, the company had approximately $1.3 billion of open purchase orders for which the related goods or services had not been received. although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, their terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services.
(2)operating leases represent multi-year obligations for rental of facilities and equipment.
(3)pension and postretirement benefit payments includes expected payments to participants out of plan assets and corporate assets. the benefit payments are based on actuarial estimates using current assumptions for discount rates, expected return on long-term assets and rate of compensation increases. the company expects to contribute $2 million to pension plan investments in 2024.
(4)interest payments on the senior notes and the amount borrowed under the delayed draw term loan as of december 31, 2023 are based on interest rates in effect as of december 31, 2023 and are calculated on debt with maturities that extend to 2028.
(5)shareholder dividends are subject to approval by the company's board of directors, currently at an annual rate of approximately $142 million beginning in 2024.
(6)contingent consideration represents the total remaining payable to general electric (ge) resulting from the 2019 acquisition of ge transportation. the timing of the cash payments to ge is directly related to the future timing of tax benefits received by the company and could change.
the above table does not reflect uncertain tax positions of $40 million, the timing of which are uncertain. refer to note 11 of the "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information on uncertain tax positions. additionally, the company arranges for certain types of bank guarantees and letters of credit, such as performance bonds, bid bonds and financial guarantees, that are issued by certain banks and insurance companies to support customer contracts. at december 31, 2023, the total value of these bank guarantees and letters of credit were $855 million and expire on various dates through 2034. amounts include interest payments based on contractual terms and the company's current interest rate.
forward looking statements we believe that all statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report, including certain statements under "business" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," may constitute forward-looking statements. we have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. although we believe that our assumptions made in connection with the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure that our assumptions and expectations are correct.
these forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, including, among other things:
economic and industry conditions
•changes in general economic and/or industry specific conditions, including the impacts of tax and tariff programs, inflation, supply chain disruptions, foreign currency exchange, and industry consolidation;
•prolonged unfavorable economic and industry conditions in the markets served by us, including north america, south america, europe, australia, asia and africa;
•decline in demand for freight cars, locomotives, passenger transit cars, buses and related products and services;
•reliance on major original equipment manufacturer customers;
•original equipment manufacturers' program delays;
•demand for services in the freight and passenger rail industry;
•demand for our products and services;
•orders either being delayed, canceled, not returning to historical levels, or being reduced, and/or economic conditions affecting the ability of our customers to pay timely for goods and services delivered;
•consolidations in the rail industry;
•continued outsourcing by our customers;
•industry demand for faster and more efficient braking equipment;
•fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates;
•availability of credit or difficulty in obtaining debt or equity financing;
•changes in market consensus as to what attributes are required for projects to be considered "green" or "sustainable" or negative perceptions regarding determinations in such regard with respect to our green finance framework or esg strategy; or
•changes in the esg topics that have the highest relative priority for wabtec's external stakeholders;
operating factors
•supply disruptions;
•technical difficulties;
•changes in operating conditions and costs;
•increases in raw material costs;
•successful introduction of new products;
•performance under material long-term contracts;
•labor availability and relations;
•the outcome of our existing or any future legal proceedings, including litigation involving our principal customers and any litigation with respect to environmental matters, asbestos-related matters, pension liabilities, warranties, product liabilities, competition and anti-trust matters or intellectual property claims;
•completion and integration of acquisitions;
•the development and use of new technology; or
•cybersecurity and data protection risks;
competitive factors
•the actions of competitors; or
•the outcome of negotiations with partners, suppliers, customers or others;
political/governmental factors
•political stability in relevant areas of the world, including the impacts of war, conflicts, global military action, and acts of terrorism;
•future regulation/deregulation of our customers and/or the rail industry;
•levels of governmental funding on transit projects, including for some of our customers;
•political developments and laws and regulations, including those related to positive train control;
•federal and state income tax legislation;
•sanctions imposed on countries and persons; or
•the outcome of negotiations with governments;
natural hazards / health crises
•impacts of climate change, including evolving climate change policy;
•disruptive natural hazards, including earthquakes, fires, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes or weather conditions;
•epidemics, pandemics, or similar public health crises;
•deterioration of general economic conditions as a result of natural hazards or health crises;
•shutdown of one or more of our operating facilities as a result of natural hazards and health crises; or
•supply chain and sourcing disruptions as a result of natural hazards and health crises;
statements in this form 10-k apply only as of the date on which such statements are made, and except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. areas of uncertainty that require judgments, estimates and assumptions include the accounting for allowance for doubtful accounts, inventories, business combinations, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, warranty reserves, income taxes, and revenue recognition. management uses historical experience and all available information to make these judgments and estimates, and actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions that are used to prepare the company's financial statements at any given time. despite these inherent limitations, management believes that management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) and the financial statements and related footnotes provide a meaningful and fair perspective of the company.
a summary of the company's significant accounting policies is included in note 2 in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part ii, item 8 of this report. management believes that the application of these policies on a consistent basis enables the company to provide the users of the financial statements with useful and reliable information about the company's operating results and financial condition.
accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts:
description the company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts to cover anticipated losses on uncollectible accounts receivable.
judgments and uncertainties  the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable reflects our best estimate of expected losses inherent in our receivable portfolio determined on the basis of historical experience, relevant credit forecast information, changes to customer's solvency and other currently available evidence.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions  if our estimates regarding the collectability of troubled accounts, and/or our actual losses within our receivable portfolio exceed our estimated losses, we may be exposed to the expense of increasing our allowance for doubtful accounts and loss of cash flows.
inventories:
description inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value and are reviewed to ensure that an adequate provision is recognized for excess, slow moving and obsolete inventories, and net realizable value reserves.
judgments and uncertainties cost is determined primarily using the first-in, first-out (fifo) method. inventory costs include material, labor and overhead. the company compares inventory components to prior year sales history, current backlog and anticipated future requirements. to the extent that inventory parts exceed estimated usage and demand, a reserve is recognized to reduce the carrying value of inventory. also, specific reserves are established for known inventory obsolescence, a decline in market value, or loss of a customer with specific inventory.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions if the market value or demand for our products were to decrease due to changing market conditions, the company could be at risk of incurring write-downs to adjust inventory value to a net realizable value lower than stated cost. if our estimates regarding sales and backlog requirements are inaccurate, we may be exposed to the expense of increasing our reserves for slow moving and obsolete inventory.
business combinations:
description the company accounts for business acquisitions in accordance with asc 805, business combinations, which requires the purchase price of the acquired business to be allocated to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the respective fair values. the amount of purchase price which is in excess of the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill.
judgments and uncertainties discounted cash flow models are used to estimate the fair values of acquired contract backlog, customer relationships, intellectual property intangibles and trade names. the significant assumptions used to estimate the value of the intangible assets include revenue growth rates, projected profit margins, discount rates, royalty rates, customer attrition rates, revenue obsolescence rates and market participant profit margins. these significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions different assumptions may result in materially different values for assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which may impact the company's financial position and future results of operations, including potential future impairment charges.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets:
description goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired in a business combination. indefinite-lived intangible assets primarily represent certain trade names acquired in a business combination that were determined to have indefinite useful lives. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles are required to be tested for impairment at least annually. the company performs its annual impairment tests during the fourth quarter and more frequently when indicators of impairment are present. the company reviews goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. the company has identified three reporting units for purposes of testing goodwill for impairment. two reporting units exist within the freight segment and the transit segment is also a reporting unit. the evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current fair value of the business to the recorded value including goodwill.
judgments and uncertainties a number of significant assumptions and estimates are involved in the application of the impairment test, including the identification of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, and overall financial performance. we also consider wabtec-specific events and share price trends and making the assessment on whether each relevant factor will impact the impairment test positively or negatively and the magnitude of any such amount.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions management considers historical experience and all available information at the time the fair values of its reporting units are estimated. however, actual amounts realized may differ from those used to evaluate the impairment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets. if actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and judgments used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to impairment losses that could be material to our results of operations.
warranty reserves:
description the company provides warranty reserves to cover expected costs from repairing or replacing products with durability, quality or workmanship issues occurring during established warranty periods.
judgments and uncertainties in general, reserves are provided for as a percentage of sales, based on historical experience. in addition, specific reserves are established for known warranty issues and their estimable losses.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions if actual results are not consistent with the assumptions and judgments used to calculate our warranty liability, the company may be exposed to the expense of increasing our reserves for warranty expense.
income taxes:
description wabtec records an estimated liability for income and other taxes based on what it determines will likely be paid in various tax jurisdictions in which it operates in accordance with asc 740-10 accounting for income taxes and accounting for uncertainty in income taxes.
judgments and uncertainties the estimate of our tax obligations are uncertain because management must use judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions, as well as realization of our deferred tax assets. asc 740-10 establishes a recognition and measurement threshold to determine the amount of tax benefit that should be recognized related to uncertain tax positions.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions management uses its best judgment in the determination of these amounts. however, the liabilities ultimately realized and paid are dependent on various matters including the resolution of the tax audits in the various affected tax jurisdictions and may differ from the amounts recorded. an adjustment to the estimated liability would be recorded through income in the period in which new information changes the expected outcome of an uncertain tax position. a deferred tax valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
revenue recognition:
description revenue is recognized in accordance with asc 606 revenue from contracts with customers. the company recognizes a portion of its revenues on long-term customer agreements involving the design and production of highly engineered products that require revenue to be recognized over time because these products have no alternative use without significant economic loss and the agreements contain an enforceable right to payment including a reasonable profit margin from the customer in the event of contract termination. generally, the company uses an input method for determining the amount of revenue, cost and gross margin to recognize over time for these customer agreements. the input method used for these agreements recognizes revenue based on our efforts to satisfy the performance obligation and includes costs of material and labor, both of which give an accurate representation of the progress made toward complete satisfaction of a particular performance obligation. the company may also use the output method which recognizes revenue based on direct measurements of the value transferred to the customer.
judgments and uncertainties accounting for long-term customer agreements involves a judgmental process of estimating the total sales and costs for each contract, which results in the development of estimated profit margin percentages. contract estimates related to long-term projects are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events that could span several years. these assumptions include cost of materials, labor availability and productivity, complexity of the work to be performed, and the performance of suppliers, customers and subcontractors that may be associated with the contract. factors that influence these estimates include inflationary trends, foreign exchange rates, technical and schedule risk, internal and subcontractor performance trends, business volume assumptions, asset utilization, and anticipated labor agreements. generally, pricing is defined in our contracts but may include an estimate of variable consideration when required by the terms of the individual customer contract. types of variable consideration that the company typically has include volume discounts, prompt payment discounts, price escalation clauses, liquidating damages, and performance bonuses.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions should market conditions and customer demands dictate changes to our standard shipping terms, the company may be impacted by longer than typical revenue recognition cycles. the development of expected contract costs and contract profit margin percentages involves procedures and personnel in all areas that provide financial or production information on the status of contracts. due to the significance of judgments in the estimation process, it is likely that materially different revenue and cost amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, inflation or deflation, foreign currency exchange rates, supplier performance, or other circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods. some of our contracts are expected to be completed in a loss position. provisions are made currently for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts and are updated as necessary.
