item 1a. risk factors.
investing in our securities involves risk. in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, you should consider the following risk factors before investing in our securities. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe not to be material may also adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
risks related to our business and industry our businesses operate in highly competitive industries and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer.
the media and entertainment industries in which we compete for viewers, distribution and advertising are highly competitive. we face increased competitive pressure for talent, content, audiences, subscribers, service providers, advertising spending and production infrastructure. we compete with a broad range of companies engaged in media, entertainment and communications services, some of whom have interests in multiple media and entertainment businesses that are often vertically integrated, all vying for consumer time, attention and discretionary spending. in addition, the composition of our competitors has evolved with the entrance of new market participants, including companies in adjacent sectors with significant financial, marketing and other resources, greater efficiencies of scale, fewer regulatory burdens and more competitive pricing. such competitors could also have preferential access to important technologies, customer data or other competitive information. our competitors may also consolidate or enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including our ability to consistently acquire and produce high quality content amidst a rapidly evolving competitive landscape. in addition, new technology, including generative artificial intelligence ("ai"), is evolving rapidly and our ability to compete could be adversely affected if our competitors gain an advantage by using such technologies. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors, or that competition in the marketplace will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our advertising revenues have been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted by several factors, including the changing landscape of television advertising spending and advertising market conditions.
we derive substantial revenues from the sale of advertising, and a continuing decline in advertising revenues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
shifting consumer preferences toward streaming services and other digital products and the increasing number of entertainment choices has intensified audience fragmentation and reduced content viewership through traditional linear distribution models. this has changed the landscape of traditional television advertising spending, prompting advertisers to shift their strategies, and ultimately advertising spend, toward streaming services and other digital products to reach target audiences. in addition, a number of other streaming services with larger subscriber bases and greater household penetration have recently introduced ad-supported tiers. the increase of digital advertising available in the marketplace, due to both the introduction of ad-supported tiers in competing streaming services and the expansion of free ad-supported television ("fast") products, has increased the competition we face for advertising expenditures for both our traditional linear networks and the ad-supported tiers in our streaming services, and also limited our ability to demand higher rates for our linear and digital advertising inventory or even the same rates that we previously charged for our advertising inventory prior to the surge in digital advertising. there can be no assurance that we can successfully navigate the evolving streaming and digital advertising market or that the advertising revenues we generate in that market will replace the declines in advertising revenues generated from our traditional linear business.
the advertising market is also sensitive to general economic conditions and consumer buying patterns. financial instability or a general decline in economic conditions in the u.s. and other countries where our content is distributed could adversely affect the spending priorities of our advertising partners who might reduce their spending, which could result in a decrease in advertising rates and volume and in our overall advertising revenues. natural and other disasters, pandemics, acts of terrorism, political uncertainty or hostilities could also lead to a reduction in domestic and international advertising expenditures, which could also have an adverse effect on our advertising revenues.
our advertising revenues are also dependent on our ability to measure viewership and audience engagement across all platforms and in all geographic regions. although audience measurement systems have evolved and improved to capture the viewership of programming across multiple platforms, they still do not fully capture all viewership across streaming and other digital platforms and advertisers may not be willing to pay advertising rates based on the viewership that is not being measured. in certain geographic regions, our ability to fully capture viewership information may be limited by local laws and regulations.
as further discussed in other parts of this item 1a. risk factors, our ability to generate advertising revenue is also dependent on our ability to compete in highly competitive, rapidly evolving industries, our ability to respond to changes in consumer behavior and our ability to consistently achieve audience acceptance of our content and brands.
changes in consumer behavior, as well as evolving technologies and distribution models, may negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our success depends on our ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer behavior and shifting content consumption patterns. the ways in which viewers consume content, and technology and distribution models in the media and entertainment industries, continue to evolve, and new distribution platforms, as well as increased competition from new entrants and emerging technologies, have added to the complexity of maintaining predictable revenues. technological advancements have empowered consumers to seek more control over how they consume content and have affected the options available to advertisers for reaching target audiences. this trend has impacted certain traditional distribution models, as demonstrated by industry-wide declines in cable ratings, declines in subscribers to the traditional cable bundle, the development of alternative distribution platforms for content, and reduced theatergoing.
declines in linear television viewership are expected to continue and possibly accelerate, which could adversely affect our advertising and distribution revenues. in order to respond to this decline, changing consumer behavior, increasing preferences to watch on demand, and changes in content distribution models in the media and entertainment industries, we have invested in, developed and launched streaming services including max, hbo max and discovery+. we have incurred and will likely continue to incur significant costs to develop and market our streaming services, including costs related to international expansion, technological enhancements, and subscriber acquisition. there can be no assurance, however, that consumers and advertisers will embrace our offerings, that subscribers will activate or renew a subscription, particularly given the significant number of streaming services in the marketplace, or that our dtc business will be as successful or as profitable as our traditional linear television business.
the film industry has also been impacted by shifting consumer preferences and technological innovation. while restrictions on theatergoing from the covid-19 pandemic have largely lifted, in some markets, box office performance and movie theater attendance may be slower to rebound to pre-pandemic levels due to, among other things, consumer preferences for consuming movies at home, a vast library of which is available to them through one or more streaming subscriptions, and shorter theatrical release windows. as a response to changing consumer preferences and to return theater attendance towards pre-pandemic levels, film studios such as ours can seek to invest in creating compelling films and seek to promote events in connection with feature films in order to enhance the consumer's movie theater experience. if the film industry and exhibitors are unable to successfully create and market "event" films and ultimately evolve and enhance the movie theater experience in response to shifting consumer preferences, the profitability, financial condition and results of operations of our studios business may be negatively impacted.
each distribution model has different risks and economic consequences for us, and the rapid evolution of consumer preferences may have an economic impact that is not ultimately predictable. further, technology in the media and entertainment industries continues to evolve rapidly. for example, ai is a new technology for which the advantages and risks associated with its use in such industries are currently largely uncertain and unregulated. if we are not able to access our targeted audience with appealing category-specific content and adapt to new technologies, distribution methods, platforms and business models, we may experience a decline in viewership and ultimately a decline in the demand for our programming, which could lead to lower distribution and advertising revenues, materially and adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the success of our business depends on the acceptance of our content and brands by our u.s. and international viewers, which may be unpredictable and volatile.
the production and distribution of television programs, feature films, sports and news content are inherently risky businesses because the revenue we derive and our ability to distribute our content depend primarily on consumer tastes and preferences that often change in unpredictable ways. the appeal, success and performance of our content with consumers, as well as with third-party licensees and other distribution partners, are critical factors that can affect the revenue that we receive with respect to our content-related business. our success depends on our ability to consistently create and acquire content that meets the changing preferences of viewers in general, in special interest groups, in specific demographic categories and in various international marketplaces. for example, generally, feature films that perform well upon initial release also have commercial success in subsequent distribution channels. therefore, the underperformance of a feature film, especially an "event" film, upon its public release can result in lower-than-expected revenues for our business which could limit our ability to create future content. we need to invest substantial amounts in the production or acquisition and marketing of our television programs, feature films, sports and news content before we learn whether such content will reach anticipated levels of popularity with consumers. failing to gain the level of audience acceptance we expect for our content may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the commercial success of our content also depends upon the quality and acceptance of competing content available in the applicable marketplace. for example, as some foreign film and filmmaking industries grow and the availability of popular local content rises, the demand from foreign audiences for american films may decrease, which could negatively impact our revenue. other factors, including the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, piracy, and our ability to develop strong brand awareness may also affect the audience demand for our content. consequently, reduced public acceptance of our television programs, feature films, sports and news content or negative publicity regarding individuals or operations associated with our content or brands may decrease our audience share and customer/viewer reach and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if our dtc products fail to attract and retain subscribers, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted.
our max, hbo max and discovery+ offerings are subscription-based streaming services and are among many such services in a crowded and highly competitive landscape. their success and the success of other subscription-based streaming services we may offer in the future will be largely dependent on our ability to initially attract, and ultimately retain, subscribers. if we are unable to effectively market our dtc products or if consumers do not perceive the pricing and related features of our dtc products to be of value versus our competitors, we may not be able to attract and retain subscribers. in particular, decreases in consumer discretionary spending in the markets where our dtc products are offered may reduce our ability to attract and retain subscribers to our services, which could have a negative impact on our business. relatedly, a decrease in viewing subscribers on our advertising-supported dtc products could also have a negative impact on the rates we are able to charge advertisers for advertising-supported services. the ability to attract and retain subscribers will also depend in part on our ability to provide compelling content choices that are differentiated from that of our competitors and that are more attractive than other sources of entertainment that consumers could choose in their free time. furthermore, our ability to provide a quality subscriber experience and our relative service levels, may also impact our ability to attract and retain subscribers. if existing subscribers, including those who receive subscriptions through wireless and broadband bundling arrangements with third parties or through wholesale arrangements with mvpds, cancel or discontinue their subscriptions for any reason, including as a result of selecting an alternative wireless or broadband plan that does not bundle our products, canceling or discontinuing their mvpd subscription, or due to the availability of competing offerings that are perceived to offer greater value compared to our dtc products, our business may be adversely affected. we would need to add new subscribers both to replace subscribers who cancel or discontinue their subscriptions and to grow our business. if we are unable to attract and retain subscribers and offset the losses of subscribers who cancel or discontinue their subscriptions to our dtc products, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
failure to renew, renewal with less favorable terms, or termination of our content licenses and similar distribution agreements may cause a decline in our revenue.
because our content and pay-tv networks are licensed to and distributed through third parties, such as traditional television and pay-tv broadcasters (such as cable and satellite operators) and operators of digital platforms, which in turn make such content available, directly and indirectly, to consumers, we are dependent upon the maintenance of such licensing and distribution agreements with such third parties. these agreements generally provide for the scope of licensed rights, including geographic territory, exploitation rights, holdbacks and/or other restrictions, including exclusivity or non-exclusivity, window(s) of exploitation (including first and second pay-tv and free to air broadcast), for the level of carriage our networks will receive, such as channel placement and programming package inclusion (widely distributed, broader programming packages compared to lesser distributed, specialized programming packages), and for payment of a license fee to us based on a number of factors, including the scope of the rights granted, the popularity of the content (as measured in the case of films, for example, by box office performance for certain downstream exploitation) and the date of its first theatrical or pay-tv exhibition.
our agreements generally have a limited term which varies by territory and distributor, and there can be no assurance that these agreements will be renewed in the future or that they will be renewed on terms that are favorable to us. whether or not a distributor is willing to renew an agreement on terms that are favorable to us may be dependent upon our decision to make our content available on both our linear networks and our streaming platforms. failure to renew an agreement prior to its expiration could lead to service blackout, which could in turn affect both our revenues and our reputation with viewers.
while the number of subscribers associated with our networks impacts our ability to generate advertising revenue (as further described elsewhere in this item 1a), subscription-based revenue also represents a significant portion of our revenue. the license fees and other commercial terms that we receive are dependent, among other factors, on the acceptance and performance of our content with consumers. a reduction in the license fees that we receive or in the number of subscribers for which we are paid, including as a result of a loss or reduction in carriage for our networks or a reduction in distributor penetration, or as a result of changes in consumer habits, could adversely affect our distribution revenue. such a loss or reduction in carriage could also decrease the potential audience for our programs thereby adversely affecting our advertising revenue. changes in distribution strategy and variations on traditional theatrical distribution and other licensing models, such as shortening traditional windows, may also drive changes in the license fees that distributors and other downstream licensees in the value chain may be willing to pay for content, which may in turn negatively affect our revenue. as a result of industry consolidation, our distributors have become and may continue to become larger, and as a result have gained or could gain additional market power. such consolidation gives these distributors leverage in negotiating their distribution agreements with us which could subject our affiliate fee revenue to reduction or discounts, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
in addition, content distribution and license agreements are complex and individually negotiated. for example, some of our distribution agreements contain "most favored nation" clauses, which typically provide that if we enter into an agreement with another distributor which contains certain more favorable terms, we must offer some of those terms to our existing distributors. if we were to disagree with one of the counterparties on the interpretation of a content distribution and license agreement, it could damage our relationship with that counterparty as well as materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we invest significant resources to acquire and maintain licenses to produce sports programming and there can be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in our efforts to obtain or maintain licenses to recurring sports events or recoup our investment when the content is distributed.
we face significant competition to acquire and maintain licenses to sports programming, which leads to significant expenditure of funds and resources. as a result of an increasing number of market entrants in the programming space, we have seen upward pressure on programming costs in recent years, particularly in connection with the licensing and acquisition of sports content from third parties. we may also be impacted by such upward pressures driven by increasing investment in programming by competitors. in certain international markets, regulations concerning content quotas or content investment requirements may be a further factor driving increasing programming costs. in addition, businesses, including ours, that offer multiple services or that may be vertically integrated and offer both video distribution and programming content, may face closer regulatory review from the competition authorities in the countries in which we currently have operations. if our distributors have to pay higher rates to other holders of sports broadcasting rights, it might be difficult for us to negotiate higher rates for the distribution of our networks. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors to obtain and/or maintain licenses to recurring sports events, or that increasing competition for programming licenses and regulatory review from competition authorities will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
there can also be no assurance that we will recoup our investment in sports programming, including realizing any anticipated benefits of our joint ventures. the impact of these contracts on our results of operations over the term of the contracts depends on a number of factors, including the strength of advertising markets and subscription levels and rates for programming. our success with sports programming is highly dependent on consumer acceptance of this content and the size of our viewing audience. if viewers do not find our sports programming content acceptable, we could see low viewership, which could lead to low distribution and advertising revenues and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our businesses have been, and in the future may be, subject to labor disruption.
we and some of our suppliers and business partners retain the services of writers, directors, actors, announcers, athletes, technicians, trade employees and others involved in the development and production of our television programs, feature films and interactive entertainment (e.g., games) who are covered by collective bargaining agreements. if negotiations to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements are not successful or become unproductive, the affected unions could take, and have taken, actions such as strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages. strikes, work slowdowns, work stoppages, or the possibility of such actions, including the 2023 wga and sag-aftra strikes and potential future strikes by other unions involved in development and production, have resulted in, and could in the future result in, delays in the production of, or the release of, our television programs, feature films, and interactive entertainment. for example, the 2023 wga and sag-aftra strikes caused delays in the production of our television programs and feature films and in the release of certain programming. the impact of these strike-related delays and other consequences of these strikes have continued, and are expected to continue to, impact our business even after the strikes were ultimately resolved.
if the media and entertainment industries experience prolonged strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages, we may be unable to produce, distribute or license programming, feature films, and interactive entertainment, which could result in reduced revenue and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, the 2023 wga and sag-aftra strikes had a material impact on the operations and results of the company. see the discussion under "business - industry trends" that appears above. in addition, the pausing and restarting of certain productions resulted in incremental costs, delayed the completion and release of some of our content (films, television programs, and licensed programs) and could cause an impairment of our investment in film, television programs, or licensed program rights if the incremental costs are significant or we are unable to efficiently complete the production of the film, television show or program or decide to abandon the production.
we may also enter into new collective bargaining agreements or renew collective bargaining agreements on less favorable terms and incur higher costs as a result of prolonged strikes, work slowdowns, or work stoppages. many of the collective bargaining agreements that cover individuals providing services to the company are industry-wide agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of these agreements. union or labor disputes or player lock-outs relating to certain professional sports leagues may preclude us from producing and telecasting scheduled games or events and could negatively impact our promotional and marketing opportunities. depending on their duration, union or labor disputes or player lock-outs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have recognized, and could continue to recognize, impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets.
we have a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet. in accordance with u.s. gaap, management periodically assesses these assets to determine if they are impaired. significant negative industry or economic trends, including the continued decline of traditional linear television viewership and linear ad revenues, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, underperformance of our content, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, including in connection with restructuring initiatives, divestitures and market capitalization declines may impair goodwill and other intangible assets. any charges relating to such impairments could materially adversely affect our results of operations in the periods recognized.
we rely on platforms owned by our competitors for digital and linear distribution of our content.
we rely on platforms owned by third parties, some of which compete directly with us or have investments in competing streaming services, to make our content available to our subscribers and viewers. if these third parties do not continue to provide access to our service on their platforms or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us, our business could be adversely affected. if we are not successful in maintaining existing or creating new relationships with these third parties, our ability to retain subscribers and grow our business could be adversely impacted.
service disruptions or the failure of communications satellites or transmitter facilities we rely upon could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on communications satellites and transmitter facilities and other technical infrastructure, including fiber, to transmit programming to affiliates and other distributors. shutdowns of communications satellites and transmitter facilities or service disruptions will pose significant risks to our operations. such disruptions may be caused by power outages, natural disasters, extreme weather, terrorist attacks, war, failures or impairments of communications satellites or on-ground uplinks or downlinks or other technical facilities and services used to transmit programming, failure of service providers to meet contractual requirements, or other similar events. if a communications satellite or other transmission means (e.g., fiber) is not able to transmit our programming, or if any material component thereof fails or becomes inoperable, we may not be able to secure an alternative communications path in a timely manner because, among other factors, there are a limited number of service providers and other means available for the transmission of programming, and any alternatives may require lead time and additional technical resources and infrastructure to implement. if such an event were to occur, there could be a disruption in the delivery of our programming, which could harm our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to our acquisition and integration of the warnermedia business we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs relating to the integration of the warnermedia business, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the merger because of difficulties related to integration and other challenges faced by the combined company.
on april 8, 2022, we completed the merger in which we acquired the business, operations and activities that constitute the warnermedia business from at&t. we incurred significant costs following the closing of the merger, including costs relating to organization restructuring, facility consolidation activities and other contract termination costs, which costs we believe were necessary to realize the anticipated cost synergies from the merger. additional unanticipated costs may also be incurred in connection with the continued integration of the legacy business, operations and activities of discovery prior to the merger (the "discovery business") and the warnermedia business, including due to the resources required for integration. the amount and timing of any such costs could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
prior to the merger, the discovery business and the warnermedia business operated independently, and while we have spent the last 23 months since the closing of the merger on integration activities, there can be no assurances that our businesses will ultimately be combined in a manner that allows for the achievement of any or all anticipated financial, strategic or other benefits. if we are not able to successfully complete the integration of the discovery business and the warnermedia business, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully, if at all, or may take longer than expected to be realized. our integration efforts could result in a loss of key employees, loss of customers, business disruption or unexpected issues, higher than expected costs and an overall process that takes longer than originally anticipated. specifically, the following issues, among others, must be addressed in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger:
•continuing and finalizing the integration of the discovery business and the warnermedia business in the time frame currently anticipated;
•integrating the businesses' administrative, accounting and information technology infrastructure;
•continuing to align and expand the geographic footprint of the dtc products for global customers; and
•resolving potential unknown liabilities, adverse consequences and unforeseen increased expenses associated with the integration of the discovery business and the warnermedia business.
even if the integration is completed successfully, the full benefits of the merger may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame or at all. further, following the merger, the size and complexity of the business of the combined company increased significantly. our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to continue to manage this expanded business, which could pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of diverse, complex operations and associated increased costs. all of these factors could materially adversely affect our stock price, business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we have been engaged in legal proceedings and disputes related to the merger and could be subject to additional legal proceedings and disputes related to the merger, the outcomes of which are uncertain and could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in connection with the merger, multiple putative class action lawsuits relating to the merger were filed on behalf of stockholders of the company against the company and/or certain of our directors and executive officers seeking damages and other relief, and we have been engaged in other disputes arising out of definitive agreements entered into in connection with the merger. additional lawsuits relating to the merger, or disputes arising out of definitive agreements entered into in connection with the merger, could arise in the future. the outcomes of merger-related lawsuits and disputes are uncertain and could negatively and materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. even if we ultimately prevail in a lawsuit or dispute, defending against the claim or resolving the dispute could be time-consuming and costly and divert our management's attention and resources away from our business, which could negatively and materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to domestic and foreign laws and regulations; other risks related to international operations changes in domestic and foreign laws and regulations and other risks related to international operations could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
programming services like ours, and the distributors of our services, including cable operators, satellite operators and other multi-channel video programming distributors, are regulated by u.s. federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the fcc, as well as by state and local governments, in ways that affect the daily conduct of our video content business. these obligations and regulations, among other things, require closed captioning of programming for the hearing impaired, require certain content providers to make available audio descriptions of programming for the visually impaired, limit the amount and content of commercial matter that may be shown during programming aimed primarily at an audience of children aged 12 and under, and require the identification of (or the maintenance of lists of) sponsors of political advertising. see the discussion under "business - regulatory matters" that appears above. the u.s. congress, the fcc, the federal trade commission ("ftc"), u.s. state legislatures, and the courts currently have under consideration, and may adopt or interpret in the future, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect the operations of our u.s. media properties or modify the terms under which we offer our services and operate.
in addition, we distribute programming outside the u.s. as a result, our business is, and may increasingly be, subject to certain risks inherent in international business, many of which are beyond our control. these risks include:
•laws and policies affecting trade and taxes, including laws and policies relating to the repatriation of funds and withholding taxes, and changes in these laws;
•local regulatory requirements (and any changes to such requirements), including restrictions on content, censorship, imposition of local content quotas, local production levies and investment obligations, and restrictions or prohibitions on foreign ownership, outsourcing, consumer protection, targeted advertising, intellectual property and related rights, including copyright and rightsholder rights and remuneration;
•our ability to obtain the appropriate licenses and other regulatory approvals we need to distribute content in foreign countries as well as regulatory intervention on how we currently operate, including how we license and distribute content;
•differing degrees of protection for intellectual property and varying attitudes towards the piracy of intellectual property;
•foreign exchange regulations, or significant fluctuations in foreign currency value and foreign exchange rates, as further described below in this item 1a;
•capital, currency exchange and central banking controls;
•the instability of foreign economies and governments;
•the potential for political, social, or economic unrest, terrorism, hostilities, cyber-attacks or war, including the ongoing conflicts in europe and the middle east;
•anti-corruption laws and regulations such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations and changes in these laws and regulations;
•sanction laws and regulations such as those administered by the office of foreign assets control that restrict our dealings with certain sanctioned countries, territories, individuals and entities; these laws and regulations are complex, frequently changing, and increasing in number, and may impose additional prohibitions or compliance obligations on our dealings in certain countries and territories, including sanctions imposed on russia and certain ukrainian territories as well as sanctions imposed on china;
•challenges implementing effective controls to monitor business activities across our expanded international operations;
•foreign privacy and data protection laws and regulations and changes in these laws and regulations; and
•shifting consumer preferences regarding the viewing of video programming and consumption of entertainment content overall.
events or developments related to these and other risks associated with international trade could adversely affect our revenues from non-u.s. sources as well as our costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, some foreign markets where we and our partners operate may be more adversely affected by current economic conditions than the u.s. we also may incur substantial expense as a result of changes, including the imposition of new restrictions, in the existing regulatory, economic or political environment in the regions where we do business.
this is of particular concern in poland, where we own and operate tvn, a portfolio of free-to-air and pay-tv lifestyle, entertainment, and news networks, which faces legislative and regulatory risk. in the past, said risk has manifested itself in draft legislation, now abandoned, which would have precluded non-eea ownership of polish national broadcasters, and in delays in renewing broadcast licenses. such regulatory pressure on tvn and/or similar developments could, directly or indirectly, affect the future operations of our polish media properties and/or modify the terms under which we offer our services and operate in that market in the future.
the evolving regulatory environment in international markets may also impact strategy, costs and results of operations, including with respect to local programming levies and investment obligations, satisfaction of local content quotas, access to local production incentive schemes, and direct and indirect digital taxes or levies on internet-based programming services.
we are subject to domestic and international privacy and data protection laws, which impact our ability to collect, manage, and use personal information. our efforts to comply with such laws, which are continually evolving, could impose costly obligations on us and generate additional regulatory and litigation risk.
we are subject to domestic and international laws associated with the acquisition, storage, disclosure, use and protection of personal data, including under the e.u. general data protection regulation, several u.s. federal and state privacy laws, including, but not limited to, the ccpa, and many other international laws and regulations. these laws and regulations are continually evolving and many more u.s. state and federal laws and international laws may pass this year and over the next few years. see the discussion above in "business - regulatory matters". these evolving privacy, security, and data protection laws may require us to expend significant resources to implement additional data protection measures, and our actual or alleged failure to comply with such laws could result in legal claims, regulatory enforcement actions and significant fines and penalties.
environmental, social and governance laws and regulations may adversely impact our businesses.
u.s. state and federal regulators, international regulators, investors, consumers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social, and governance considerations. for example, new domestic and international laws and regulations relating to environmental, social and governance matters, including environmental sustainability and climate change, human capital management, and cybersecurity, are under consideration or have been adopted. many such laws, including new greenhouse gas emission regulations that have already been adopted in the state of california and in the european union and have been proposed in other jurisdictions, include specific, quantitative disclosures regarding our global operations, both upstream and downstream. these increased disclosure obligations have required and may continue to require us to implement new practices and reporting processes, and have created and may continue to create additional compliance risk. they may also result in increased costs relating to tracking, reporting and compliance.
additionally, we have adopted several initiatives and programs focused on environmental, social and governance issues, which may not achieve their intended outcomes. if we are unable to meet our enterprise objectives, or live up to evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards for environmental, social and governance issues, or if we are perceived by consumers, stockholders or employees to have not responded appropriately with respect to these issues, our reputation, and therefore our ability to sell our products and services, could be negatively impacted. if, as a result of their assessment of our performance on environmental, social, and governance matters, certain investors are unsatisfied with our actions or progress, they may reconsider their investment in our company. providers of debt and equity financing may also consider our performance in these areas and the ratings of external firms (which we have limited ability to influence) in their decisions involving our company, which could impact our cost of capital and adversely affect our business.
foreign exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our operating results and financial conditions.
we have significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of our operations are conducted and certain of our debt obligations are denominated in foreign currencies. the value of these foreign currencies fluctuates relative to the u.s. dollar. as a result, we have exposure to foreign currency risk as we enter into transactions and make investments denominated in multiple currencies. adverse business performance and financial results from unforeseen changes in foreign currency exchange rates could increase our cost of borrowing or make it more difficult for us to obtain future financing, which could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial conditions. we manage our exposure to foreign currency risk by entering into derivative instruments with counterparty banks, which exposes us to counterparty credit risk.
our consolidated financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, and to prepare those financial statements we must translate the amounts of the assets, liabilities, net sales, other revenues and expenses of our operations outside of the u.s. from local currencies into u.s. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. this exposure to exchange rate fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our reported results of operations and net asset balances.
increasing complexity of global tax policy and regulations could increase our tax liability and adversely impact our business and results of operations.
we continue to face the increasing complexity of operating a global business, and we are subject to ever-changing tax policy and regulations around the world. many foreign jurisdictions are contemplating additional taxes and/or levies on over-the-top services, as well as on media advertising. other changes in tax laws and the interpretations thereof could have a material impact on our tax liability. in addition, many foreign jurisdictions have increased scrutiny and have either changed, or plan to change, their international tax systems due to the organisation for economic co-operation and development's base erosion and profit shifting recommendations. these recommendations include, among other things, profit reallocation rules and a 15% global minimum corporate income tax rate. certain countries in which we operate have adopted legislation, and other countries are expected to introduce legislation, to implement these recommendations. the application of this legislation is evolving, and we continue to assess the potential impact on our future tax liability.
additional complexity has also arisen with respect to state aid; i.e., state resources used to provide recipients an advantage on a selective basis that has or could distort competition and affect trade between european member states. in recent years the european commission has increased their scrutiny of state aid and has deviated from historical e.u. state aid practices. we receive material amounts of financial incentives for conducting our content production activities in various jurisdictions that offer such incentives. if the e.u. were to restrict our ability to receive these incentives, such restrictions could have a material impact on our results of operations.
risks related to our financial, capital and corporate structure forecasting our financial results requires us to make judgements and estimates which may differ materially from actual results.
given the dynamic nature of our business, the current uncertain economic climate and the inherent limitations in predicting the future, forecasts of our revenues, adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (as defined in note 23 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, "adjusted ebitda"), free cash flow and subscriber growth, and other financial and operating data, may differ materially from actual results, including as a result of events outside of our control and other risks and uncertainties described herein. such discrepancies could cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock.
we have a significant amount of debt and may incur significant amounts of additional debt, which could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to react to changes in our business and our ability to incur debt, and the use of our funds could be limited by the restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our revolving credit facility and senior notes.
our consolidated indebtedness as of december 31, 2023 was $41,889 million, of which $1,780 million is current. in addition, we have the ability to draw down on a $6.0 billion revolving credit facility in the ordinary course, which would have the effect of further increasing our debt to the extent drawn. we are also permitted, subject to certain restrictions under our existing debt agreements, to obtain additional long-term debt and working capital lines of credit to meet future financing needs. this would have the effect of further increasing our leverage ratio.
our loan agreements contain restrictive covenants, as well as requirements to comply with certain leverage ratio and other financial maintenance tests. these covenants and requirements could limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness and engaging in various types of transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets, or to take advantage of other opportunities, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
in addition, as a result of our significant indebtedness, our corporate or debt-specific credit rating could be downgraded, which may increase our borrowing costs or subject us to even more restrictive covenants when we incur new debt in the future, which could reduce profitability and diminish operational flexibility.
if we are unable to effectively reduce and sustain our leverage ratio, it could have significant negative consequences on our financial condition and results of operations, including:
•impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our revolving credit facility or to generate cash sufficient to pay the interest or principal, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt in the event that an uncured default occurs;
•increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and market conditions;
•limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing;
•requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes such as capital expenditures, investments, share repurchases, and mergers and acquisitions;
•requiring us to sell debt or equity securities or to sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet payment obligations;
•limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we compete; and
•placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources.
we could be unable to obtain cash in amounts sufficient to meet our financial obligations or other commitments.
our ability to meet our financial obligations and other contractual commitments will depend upon our ability to access cash. we are a holding company, and our sources of cash include our available cash balances, net cash from the operating activities of our subsidiaries, any dividends and interest we may receive from our investments, availability under our credit facilities or any credit facilities that we may obtain in the future and proceeds from any asset sales we may undertake in the future. the ability of our subsidiaries, including warnermedia holdings, inc., scripps networks interactive, inc., and discovery communications, llc to pay dividends or to make other payments or advances to us will depend on their individual operating results and any statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions, including restrictions under our credit facilities, to which they may be or may become subject. under the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act, we were subject to u.s. taxes for the deemed repatriation of certain cash balances held by foreign corporations. the company intends to continue to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the u.s., and current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our u.s. operations.
certain of our businesses are conducted through joint ventures or partnerships with one or more third parties, in which we share ownership, management and profits of the business operation to varying degrees.
certain of our businesses are conducted through joint ventures or partnerships with one or more third parties, where we have varying degrees of ownership and influence. from time to time, we may disagree with our joint venture partners on the strategy or management of a joint venture business but may be constrained in our ability to make decisions unilaterally as a result of legal or contractual obligations to our joint venture partners, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we believe our relationship with our third-party partners is an important factor in the success of any joint venture or partnership. if a partner changes, our relationship may be adversely affected and we may not realize the anticipated benefits from such joint venture or partnership.
we have directors that are also related persons of advance/newhouse programming partnership ("advance/newhouse") and that overlap with those of liberty media corporation ("liberty media"), liberty global plc ("liberty global"), qurate retail group f/k/a liberty interactive corporation ("qurate retail"), liberty broadband corporation ("liberty broadband"), and liberty latin america ltd ("lla"), which may lead to conflicting interests for those directors or result in the diversion of business opportunities or other potential conflicts.
advance/newhouse owns shares representing approximately 8% of our outstanding common stock. our board of directors includes steven a. miron, the chief executive officer of advance/newhouse and steven o. newhouse, co-president of advance publications, inc., which holds interests in advance/newhouse and charter communications, inc. ("charter"). pursuant to a consent agreement entered into between advance/newhouse and the company in connection with the merger, the company designated mr. miron and mr. newhouse to our board of directors with terms ending in 2025. mr. miron is also a member of the board of directors of charter, of which liberty broadband and advance publications, inc. own equity interests.
in addition, dr. john c. malone, chairman of liberty media, liberty global and liberty broadband and member of the board of directors of qurate retail, serves on our board of directors. our board of directors also currently includes one other person who is currently a member of the board of directors of liberty global, and a member of the board of directors of lla. the respective parent companies of advance/newhouse and of liberty media, liberty global, qurate retail, liberty broadband, and lla (together, the "liberty entities") own interests in various u.s. and international media, communications and entertainment companies, such as charter, that have subsidiaries that own or operate domestic or foreign content services that may compete with the content services we offer. we have no rights in respect of u.s. or international content opportunities developed by or presented to the subsidiaries of any liberty entities, and the pursuit of these opportunities by such subsidiaries may adversely affect our interests and those of our stockholders.
none of the liberty entities own any interest in us. dr. malone beneficially owns: shares of liberty media representing approximately 48% of the aggregate voting power of its outstanding stock, shares representing approximately 30% of the aggregate voting power of liberty global, shares representing approximately 6% of the aggregate voting power of qurate retail, shares representing approximately 48% of the aggregate voting power of liberty broadband and shares representing less than 1% of our outstanding common stock. our other directors who are also directors of the liberty entities hold stock and stock-based compensation in the liberty entities and hold our stock and stock-based compensation.
these ownership interests and/or business positions could create conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest when these individuals are faced with decisions that could have different implications for us, advance/newhouse and/or the liberty entities. for example, there may be the potential for a conflict of interest when we, on the one hand, or advance/newhouse and/or one or more of the liberty entities, on the other hand, consider acquisitions and other corporate opportunities that may be suitable for the other.
the members of our board of directors have fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders. likewise, those persons who serve in similar capacities at advance/newhouse or a liberty entity have fiduciary duties to those companies. therefore, such persons may have conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting both respective companies, and there can be no assurance that the terms of any transactions will be as favorable to us or our subsidiaries as would be the case in the absence of a conflict of interest.
it may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if such acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders.
in connection with the merger, we agreed with at&t that for a two-year period following the merger, we would not, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, enter into any transaction or series of transactions as a result of which one or more persons would acquire an amount of stock of our company that, when combined with certain other changes in ownership of our stock (including the merger), would equal or exceed 45% of the outstanding stock of our company. further, certain provisions of our charter and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control that a stockholder may consider favorable. these provisions include the following:
•authorizing the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt;
•classifying our board of directors with staggered three-year terms until the election of directors at our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, which may lengthen the time required to gain control of our board of directors;
•limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders;
•prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring stockholder action to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders;
•establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings;
•the existence of authorized and unissued stock which would allow our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us.
in addition, under our charter, we have not opted out of the protections of section 203 of the delaware general corporation law (the "dgcl"), and we are therefore governed by section 203. accordingly, it is expected that section 203 will have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions that our board of directors does not approve in advance and that section 203 may discourage takeover attempts that might result in a premium over the market price of wbd capital stock.
these provisions are intended to protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. these provisions are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. as noted above, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. accordingly, if our board of directors determines that a potential business combination transaction is not in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, but certain stockholders believe that such a transaction would be beneficial to us and our stockholders, such stockholders may elect to sell their shares in wbd and the market price of wbd common stock could decrease.
if advance/newhouse were to sell its shares following the exercise of its registration rights, it may cause a significant decline in our stock price, even if our business is doing well.
advance/newhouse and advance newhouse partnership ("anp") have been granted registration rights covering all of the shares of common stock now held or hereafter acquired by them. subject to certain limitations and restrictions, including customary "blackout periods", advance/newhouse and anp have the right to assign any or all of their registration rights to their affiliates and successors, as well as a specified family foundation. the shares held by advance/newhouse and anp are registered for resale pursuant to our registration statement on form s-3 filed april 22, 2022. any future exercise of registration rights or sale of large amounts of our common stock in the public market could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
general risks we face cybersecurity and similar risks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, disruption of our programming services, damage to our brands and reputation, legal exposure and financial losses.
we and our partners rely on various technology systems in connection with the production, distribution and broadcast of our programming, and our online, mobile and app offerings, as well as our internal systems, involve the storage and transmission of personal and proprietary information. in the ordinary course of our business, cyber criminals and other malicious actors consistently target us and our service providers. our systems and our service providers' systems have been breached in the past due to cybersecurity attacks. these systems may continue to be breached in the future due to employee error or misconduct, system vulnerabilities, malicious code, hacking and phishing attacks, or otherwise. the risk of cyberattacks may continue to increase as technologies evolve and cyber criminals conduct their attacks using more sophisticated methods, including those which use ai. the risk of cyberattacks has also increased and is expected to continue to increase in connection with geopolitical events and dynamics, including ongoing conflicts in europe and the middle east and tensions with russia, china, north korea, iran and other states. state-sponsored parties or their supporters may launch retaliatory cyberattacks, and may attempt to cause supply chain disruptions, or carry out other geopolitically motivated retaliatory actions that may adversely disrupt or degrade our operations and may result in data compromise. cybersecurity threats originate from a wide variety of sources/malicious actors, including, but not limited to, persons who constitute an insider threat, who are involved with organized crime, or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. those same parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data systems or that of our service providers, customers or clients through social engineering, phishing, mobile phone malware, account takeovers, sim card swapping, or similar methods.
we have implemented processes, strategies and incident response plans designed to identify, assess and manage cyber risks and information security vulnerabilities (as further described in item 1c. cybersecurity). however, our procedures may not be sufficient to adequately mitigate the negative impacts of a cyber breach or adverse event. if our or our service providers' information security systems or data are compromised, such compromises could result in a disruption of services or a reduction of the revenues we are able to generate from such services, damage to our brands and reputation, a loss of confidence in the security of our offerings and services, and significant legal, regulatory and financial exposure, each of which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business.
theft of our intellectual property and unauthorized duplication, distribution and exhibitions of our intellectual property may decrease revenues and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the success of our business depends in part on effective and deterrent laws efficiently implemented by law enforcement to enable our ability to maintain and enforce the intellectual property rights underlying our content and brands. we are a global media and entertainment company, and piracy or other infringement of our intellectual property (including digital content, feature films, television programming, gaming, and other content), brands and other intellectual property has the potential to materially adversely affect us. piracy is particularly prevalent in parts of the world that do not effectively enforce intellectual property rights and laws. even in territories like the u.s. that have stronger intellectual property laws, legal frameworks that are unresponsive to modern realities, combined with the lack of effective technological prevention and enforcement measures, may impede our enforcement efforts. our enforcement activities depend in part on third parties, including technology and platform providers, whose cooperation and effectiveness cannot be assured to any degree. in addition, technological advances that allow the almost instantaneous unauthorized copying and downloading of content into digital formats without any degradation of quality from the original facilitate the rapid creation, transmission, and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. this is also true for broadcast signals, which can be retransmitted without any degradation of quality from the original via unauthorized services. unauthorized distribution of copyrighted material over the internet is a threat to copyright owners' ability to maintain the exclusive control over their copyrighted material and thus the value of their property. the proliferation of unauthorized use of our content may have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability. for example, it may reduce the revenue that we potentially could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of our content. we may also need to spend significant amounts of money on improvement of technological platform security and enforcement activities, including litigation, to protect our intellectual property rights. further, new technologies such as generative ai and their impact on our intellectual property rights remain uncertain, and development of the law in this area could impact our ability to protect against infringing uses or result in infringement claims against us.
any impairment of our intellectual property rights, including due to changes in u.s. or foreign laws, the absence of effective legal protections or enforcement measures, or the inability to negotiate license or distribution agreements with third parties, could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. as a global company, we are subject to laws in the u.s. and abroad, as well as trade agreements which may limit our ability to exploit our intellectual property. for example, in certain countries, including china, laws and regulations limit the number of foreign films exhibited in such countries in a calendar year.
from time to time, third parties may also challenge the validity or scope of our intellectual property and may assert infringement claims against us, and the success of any such challenges could result in the limitation or loss of intellectual property rights. irrespective of their validity, such claims may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources which could have an adverse effect on our operations.
our success depends on attracting, developing, motivating and retaining key employees and creative talent within our business. significant shortfalls in recruitment or retention, or failure to adequately motivate or compensate employees or creative talent, could adversely affect our ability to compete and achieve our strategic goals.
attracting, developing, motivating and retaining talented employees are essential to the successful delivery of our products and services and success in the marketplace. our business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of our corporate and divisional executive teams and entertainment personalities, and the ability to attract and retain these talented employees and personalities is critical in the development and delivery of products and services, which is an integral component of our growth strategy. competition for employees and personalities can be intense and if we are unable to successfully integrate, motivate and reward our current employees, we may not be able to retain them. if we are unable to retain these employees or attract new employees in the future, our ability to effectively compete with our competitors and to grow our business could be materially adversely affected. additionally, following the merger, we have undertaken a number of restructuring and transformation initiatives, including headcount reduction. this headcount reduction and other restructuring initiatives could disrupt our operations, adversely impact employee morale and our reputation as an employer, which could make it more difficult for us to retain existing employees and hire new employees in the future, distract management and harm our business overall.
in addition, we employ or contract with talent who may have loyal audiences. these individuals are important to audience endorsement of our programs and other content. there can be no assurance that these individuals will remain with us or retain their current audiences. if we fail to retain or attract key individuals or if our talent loses their current audience base or suffer negative publicity, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
global economic conditions and other global events may have an adverse effect on our business.
our business is significantly affected by prevailing economic conditions and levels of consumer discretionary spending. a downturn in global economic conditions may negatively affect our current and potential customers, particularly advertisers whose expenditures are sensitive to general economic conditions, vendors and others with whom we do business and their ability to satisfy their obligations to us. in addition, inflationary conditions or an increase in price levels generally increases our content production costs and other costs of doing business, which could negatively affect our profitability. further, a high interest rate environment, whether arising out of a policy response to inflationary conditions or otherwise, increases the costs of our securitization portfolio, which may also negatively affect our results of operations.
decreases in consumer discretionary spending in the u.s. and other countries where our content is distributed may cause a decrease in cable television subscriptions, subscriptions to our dtc products, or movie theater attendance to view our feature films, among others, all of which may negatively affect our revenues and results of operations.
in addition, our business and operations has been, and in the future could be, disrupted or impacted by other global events, including political, social, or economic unrest, terrorism, hostilities, natural disasters such as earthquakes, or pandemics. for example, the covid-19 pandemic had numerous effects on our business including a decrease in advertising revenues, a postponement of significant live events, and reduced movie theater attendance. other global events in the future could disrupt our business and operations in unpredictable ways.
the market price of our common stock has been highly volatile and may continue to be volatile due, in part, to circumstances beyond our control.
the market price of our common stock has fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate, due to many factors, some of which may be beyond our control. these factors include, without limitation:
•actual or anticipated variations in our financial and operating results;
•changes in our estimates, guidance or business plans;
•variations between our actual results and expectations of securities analysts, or changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts;
•market sentiment about our industry in general or our business in particular, including our level of debt, our leverage ratio, and our ability to effectively compete in the categories and industries in which we operate;
•the activities, operating results or stock price of our competitors, or other industry participants;
•spending on domestic and foreign television and digital advertising;
•the announcement or completion of significant transactions by us or a competitor;
•overall general market fluctuations and other events affecting the stock market generally; and
•the economic and political conditions in the u.s. and internationally, as well as other factors described in this item 1a.
some of these factors may adversely impact the price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. further, volatility in the price of our common stock may negatively impact our business, including by limiting our financing options for acquisitions and other business expansion.
strategic transactions and acquisitions present many risks and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction.
from time to time we may enter into strategic transactions, make investments or make acquisitions, such as the merger. our success may depend on opportunities to buy other businesses or technologies that could complement, enhance or expand our current business or products or that might otherwise offer us growth opportunities. such transactions may result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, use of our cash resources, and incurrence of significant debt and amortization expenses related to intangible assets. we may also incur unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits, have difficulty integrating the acquired businesses, disrupt relationships with current and new employees, subscribers, affiliates and vendors, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions.
additionally, regulatory agencies, such as the fcc or u.s. department of justice, may impose additional restrictions on the operation of our business as a result of our seeking regulatory approvals for any strategic transactions and significant acquisitions. the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business.
our participation in multiemployer defined benefit pension plans could subject us to liabilities that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we contribute to various multiemployer defined benefit pension plans (the "multiemployer plans") under the terms of collective bargaining agreements that cover certain of our union-represented employees which could subject us to liabilities in certain circumstances. the amount of funds we may be obligated to contribute to multiemployer plans in the future cannot be estimated, as these amounts are based on future levels of work of the union-represented employees covered by the multiemployer plans, investment returns and the funding status of such plans. as of december 31, 2023, we were an employer that provided more than 5% of total contributions to certain of the multiemployer plans in which we participate. if we choose to stop participating or substantially reduce participation in certain of these plans, we may be subject to a withdrawal liability. in addition, actions taken by any other participating employer that lead to a deterioration of the financial health of a multiemployer plan may result in the unfunded obligations of the multiemployer plan being borne by its remaining participating employers, including us. to the extent a multiemployer plan is underfunded or in endangered, seriously endangered or critical status, additional required contributions and benefit reductions may apply. we currently contribute to multiemployer plans that are underfunded, and, as such, under federal law we may be subject to substantial liabilities in the event of a complete or partial withdrawal from, or a voluntary or involuntary withdrawal from, or termination of, such plans. there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to liabilities in the future due to the foregoing or other circumstances that may arise in connection with these plans or that we can adequately mitigate these costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be negatively impacted by the outcome of uncertainties related to litigation.
from time to time, we may be involved in a number of legal claims, regulatory investigations, litigation actions (asserted individually and/or on behalf of a class), and arbitration proceedings. we may be subject to a number of lawsuits both in the u.s. and in foreign countries, including, at any particular time, claims relating to antitrust, intellectual property, employment, wage and hour, consumer privacy, regulatory and tax proceedings, contractual and commercial disputes, and the production, distribution, and licensing of our content. we may also spend substantial resources complying with various government standards, which may entail related investigations and litigation. we may incur significant expenses defending such suits or government charges and may be required to pay amounts or otherwise change our operations in ways that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. this could result in an increase in our cost for defense or settlement of claims or indemnification obligations if we were to be found liable in excess of our historical experience. even if we believe a claim is without merit, and/or we ultimately prevail, defending against the claim could be time-consuming and costly and divert our management's attention and resources away from our business.
in addition, our insurance may not be adequate to protect us from all significant expenses related to pending and future claims and our current levels of insurance may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable prices. any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. this section provides additional information regarding our businesses, current developments, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, contractual commitments, critical accounting policies, and estimates that require significant judgment and thus have the most significant potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. this discussion and analysis is intended to better allow investors to view the company from management's perspective.
this section provides an analysis of our financial results for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022. a discussion of our results of operations and liquidity for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021 can be found under item 7 in our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022, filed on february 24, 2022, which is available free of charge on the sec's website at www.sec.gov and our investor relations website at ir.wbd.com. the information contained on our website is not part of this annual report on form 10-k and is not incorporated by reference herein.
business overview on april 8, 2022, discovery, a global media company that provides content across multiple distribution platforms, including linear, free-to-air, and broadcast television, authenticated go applications, digital distribution arrangements, content licensing arrangements, and dtc subscription products, completed its merger with the wm business of at&t and changed its name from "discovery, inc." to "warner bros. discovery, inc." on april 11, 2022, our shares started trading on nasdaq under the trading symbol wbd. (see note 3 and note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
warner bros. discovery is a premier global media and entertainment company that provides audiences with a differentiated portfolio of content, brands and franchises across television, film, streaming, and gaming. some of our iconic brands and franchises include warner bros. motion picture group, warner bros. television group, dc, hbo, hbo max, max, discovery+, cnn, discovery channel, hgtv, food network, tnt sports, tbs, tlc, own, warner bros. games, batman, superman, wonder woman, harry potter, looney tunes, hanna-barbera, game of thrones, and the lord of the rings. for a discussion of our global portfolio see our business overview set forth in item 1, "business" in this annual report on form 10-k.
in connection with the merger, we have announced and taken actions to implement projects to achieve cost synergies for the company. we finalized the framework supporting our ongoing restructuring and transformation initiatives during the year ended december 31, 2022, which includes, among other things, strategic content programming assessments, organization restructuring, facility consolidation activities, and other contract termination costs. we expect that we will incur approximately $4.1 - $5.3 billion in pre-tax restructuring charges, of which we have incurred $4.2 billion as of december 31, 2023. of the total expected pre-tax restructuring charges, we expect total cash expenditures to be $1.0 - $1.5 billion. we incurred $0.5 billion of pre-tax restructuring charges during the year ended december 31, 2023 related to this plan. while our restructuring efforts are ongoing, the restructuring program is expected to be substantially completed by the end of 2024.
as of december 31, 2023, we classified our operations in three reportable segments:
•studios - our studios segment primarily consists of the production and release of feature films for initial exhibition in theaters, production and initial licensing of television programs to our networks/dtc services as well as third parties, distribution of our films and television programs to various third party and internal television and streaming services, distribution through the home entertainment market (physical and digital), related consumer products and themed experience licensing, and interactive gaming.
•networks - our networks segment primarily consists of our domestic and international television networks.
•dtc - our dtc segment primarily consists of our premium pay-tv and streaming services.
our segment presentation was aligned with our management structure and the financial information management uses to make decisions about operating matters, such as the allocation of resources and business performance assessments.
for further discussion of financial information for our segments and the geographical areas in which we do business, our content development activities, and revenues, see our business overview set forth in item 1, "business" and note 23 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.
results of operations the discussion below compares our actual results for the year ended december 31, 2023 to our pro forma combined results for the year ended december 31, 2022, as if the merger occurred on january 1, 2021. management believes reviewing our pro forma combined operating results in addition to actual operating results is useful in identifying trends in, or reaching conclusions regarding, the overall operating performance of our businesses. our studios, networks, dtc, corporate, and inter-segment eliminations information is based on the historical operating results of the respective segments and include, where applicable, adjustments for (i) additional costs of revenues from the fair value step-up of film and television library, (ii) additional amortization expense related to acquired intangible assets, (iii) additional depreciation expense from the fair value of property and equipment, (iv) transaction costs and other one-time non-recurring costs, (v) additional interest expense for borrowings related to the merger and amortization associated with fair value adjustments of debt assumed, (vi) changes to align accounting policies, (vii) elimination of intercompany activity, and (viii) associated tax-related impacts of adjustments.
adjustments do not include costs related to integration activities, cost savings or synergies that have been or may be achieved by the combined businesses. pro forma amounts are not necessarily indicative of what our results would have been had we operated the combined businesses since january 1, 2021 and should not be taken as indicative of the company's future consolidated results of operations.
actual amounts for the year ended december 31, 2022 include results of operations for discovery for the entire period and wm for the period subsequent to the completion of the merger on april 8, 2022.
foreign exchange impacting comparability in addition to the merger, the impact of exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons of our results. for example, our international revenues are favorably impacted as the u.s. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably impacted as the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. we believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis ("ex-fx"), in addition to results reported in accordance with u.s. gaap provides useful information about our operating performance because the presentation ex-fx excludes the effects of foreign currency volatility and highlights our core operating results. the presentation of results on a constant currency basis should be considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, measures of financial performance reported in accordance with u.s. gaap.
the ex-fx change represents the percentage change on a period-over-period basis adjusted for foreign currency impacts. the ex-fx change is calculated as the difference between the current year amounts translated at a baseline rate, which is a spot rate for each of our currencies determined early in the fiscal year as part of our forecasting process (the "2023 baseline rate"), and the prior year amounts translated at the same 2023 baseline rate. in addition, consistent with the assumption of a constant currency environment, our ex-fx results exclude the impact of our foreign currency hedging activities, as well as realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses. results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
consolidated results of operations - 2023 vs. 2022
our consolidated results of operations for 2023 and 2022 were as follows (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2023                                                   2022                                                                      % change actual                                                 actual         pro forma         pro forma combined                           actual         pro forma combined         pro forma adjustments                                                                               (actual)          combined
(ex-fx)
revenues:
distribution                                                                      $20,237                                                $16,142           $4,339                 $20,481                                   25    %               (1)        %           -     %
advertising                                                                         8,700                                                  8,524            1,412                   9,936                                    2    %              (12)        %        (13)     %
content                                                                            11,203                                                  8,360            3,297                  11,657                                   34    %               (4)        %         (4)     %
other                                                                               1,181                                                    791              230                   1,021                                   49    %                16        %          14     %
total revenues                                                                     41,321                                                 33,817            9,278                  43,095                                   22    %               (4)        %         (4)     %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization                         24,526                                                 20,442            5,125                  25,567                                   20    %               (4)        %         (4)     %
selling, general and administrative                                                 9,696                                                  9,678            1,745                  11,423                                    -    %              (15)        %        (15)     %
depreciation and amortization                                                       7,985                                                  7,193               34                   7,227                                   11    %                10        %          10     %
restructuring and other charges                                                       585                                                  3,757             (90)                   3,667                                 (84)    %              (84)        %        (84)     %
impairment and loss on dispositions                                                    77                                                    117                -                     117                                 (34)    %              (34)        %        (37)     %
total costs and expenses                                                           42,869                                                 41,187            6,814                  48,001                                    4    %              (11)        %        (11)     %
operating loss                                                                    (1,548)                                                (7,370)            2,464                 (4,906)                                   79    %                68        %          70     %
interest expense, net                                                             (2,221)                                                (1,777)            (515)                 (2,292)
loss from equity investees, net                                                      (82)                                                  (160)             (20)                   (180)
other (expense) income, net                                                          (12)                                                    347              139                     486
loss before income taxes                                                          (3,863)                                                (8,960)            2,068                 (6,892)
income tax benefit                                                                    784                                                  1,663             (56)                   1,607
net loss                                                                          (3,079)                                                (7,297)            2,012                 (5,285)
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                  (38)                                                   (68)                -                    (68)
net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests                        (9)                                                    (6)                -                     (6)
net loss available to warner bros. discovery, inc.                               $(3,126)                                               $(7,371)           $2,012                $(5,359)
nm - not meaningful unless otherwise indicated, the discussion below through operating loss reflects the results for the year ended december 31, 2022 on a pro-forma combined basis, ex-fx, since the actual increases year over year for revenues, cost of revenues, and selling, general and administrative expenses are substantially attributable to the merger. the percent changes of line items below operating loss in the table above are not included as the activity is principally in u.s. dollars.
revenues distribution revenues are generated from fees charged to network distributors, which include cable, dth satellite, telecommunications and digital service providers, and dtc subscribers. the largest component of distribution revenue is comprised of linear distribution rights to our networks from cable, dth satellite, and telecommunication service providers. we have contracts with distributors representing most cable and satellite service providers around the world, including the largest operators in the u.s. and major international distributors. distribution revenues are largely dependent on the rates negotiated in the agreements, the number of subscribers that receive our networks, the number of platforms covered in the distribution agreement, and the market demand for the content that we provide. from time to time, renewals of multi-year carriage agreements include significant year one market adjustments to reset subscriber rates, which then increase at rates lower than the initial increase in the following years. in some cases, we have provided distributors launch incentives, in the form of cash payments or free periods, to carry our networks.
distribution revenue was flat in 2023, as declines in linear subscribers and dtc wholesale in the u.s. were offset by higher u.s. contractual affiliate rates, new dtc partnership launches, dtc price increases in the u.s., and inflationary impact in argentina.
advertising revenues are principally generated from the sale of commercial time on linear (television networks and authenticated tve applications) and digital platforms (dtc subscription services and websites), and sold primarily on a national basis in the u.s. and on a pan-regional or local-language feed basis outside the u.s. advertising contracts generally have a term of one year or less. advertising revenue is dependent upon a number of factors, including the number of subscribers to our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our content, our ability to sell commercial time over a group of channels, the stage of development of television markets, and the popularity of free-to-air television. revenue from advertising is subject to seasonality, market-based variations, the mix in sales of commercial time between the upfront and scatter markets, and general economic conditions. advertising revenue is typically highest in the second and fourth quarters. in some cases, advertising sales are subject to ratings guarantees that require us to provide additional advertising time if the guaranteed audience levels are not achieved. we also generate revenue from the sale of advertising through our digital platforms on a stand-alone basis and as part of advertising packages with our television networks.
advertising revenue decreased 13% in 2023, primarily attributable to audience declines in domestic general entertainment and news networks, soft advertising markets in the u.s., and to a lesser extent, certain international markets, and the prior year broadcast of the ncaa march madness final four and championship, partially offset by higher max u.s. engagement and ad-lite subscriber growth.
content revenues are generated from the release of feature films for initial exhibition in theaters, the licensing of feature films and television programs to various television, svod and other digital markets, distribution of feature films and television programs in the physical and digital home entertainment market, sales of console games and mobile in-game content, sublicensing of sports rights, and licensing of intellectual property such as characters and brands.
content revenue decreased 4% in 2023, primarily attributable to lower tv licensing revenue and the prior year broadcast of the olympics in europe, partially offset by higher games revenue due to the release of hogwarts legacy and higher theatrical film rental revenue due to the release of barbie.
other revenue primarily consists of studio production services and tours.
other revenue increased 14% in 2023, primarily attributable to the opening of warner bros. studio tour tokyo in june 2023, continued strong attendance at warner bros. studio tour london and hollywood, and services provided to the unconsolidated tnt sports joint venture.
costs of revenues our principal component of costs of revenues is content expense. content expense includes television/digital series, specials, films, and sporting events. the costs of producing a content asset and bringing that asset to market consist of production costs, participation costs, and exploitation costs.
costs of revenues decreased 4% in 2023, primarily attributable to lower content expense at our studios segment for television products and our dtc segment and lower sports networks content expense, due to the prior year broadcast of the olympics in europe and our exit from at&t sportsnets, partially offset by higher games content expense.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expenses consist principally of employee costs, marketing costs, research costs, occupancy, and back office support fees.
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 15% in 2023, primarily attributable to more efficient marketing-related spend and a reduction in personnel costs, partially offset by higher theatrical and games marketing expense.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets. depreciation and amortization increased 10% in 2023, primarily attributable to intangible assets acquired during the merger that are being amortized using the sum of the months' digits method, which resulted in lower pro forma amortization in 2022.
restructuring and other charges in connection with the merger, the company has announced and has taken actions to implement projects to achieve cost synergies for the company. restructuring and other charges decreased 84% in 2023, primarily attributable to lower content impairments and other content development costs and write-offs, contract terminations, facility consolidation activities, organizational restructuring, and other charges. (see note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
impairments and loss on dispositions impairments and loss on dispositions was a $77 million and $117 million loss in 2023 and 2022, respectively. the loss in 2023 was primarily attributable to lease impairments and costs associated with our exit from at&t sportsnets. the loss in 2022 was primarily attributable to the write-down to the estimated fair value, less costs to sell, of the ranch lot and knoxville office building and land in connection with the classification as assets held for sale. (see note 18 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
interest expense, net actual interest expense, net increased $444 million in 2023, primarily attributable to debt assumed as a result of the merger. (see note 11 and note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
loss from equity investees, net actual losses from our equity method investees were $82 million and $160 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. the changes are attributable to the company's share of earnings and losses from its equity investees. (see note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
other (expense) income, net the table below presents the details of other (expense) income, net (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2023                            2022
foreign currency losses, net                                                                          $(173)                          $(150)
gains on derivative instruments, net                                                                      28                             475
change in the value of investments with readily determinable fair value                                   37                           (105)
change in the value of equity investments without readily determinable fair value                       (73)                           (142)
gain on sale of equity method investments                                                                  -                             195
gain on extinguishment of debt                                                                            17                               -
interest income                                                                                          179                              67
other (expense) income, net                                                                             (27)                               7
total other (expense) income, net                                                                      $(12)                            $347
income taxes the following table reconciles our effective income tax rate to the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate.
year ended december 31,
2023                                                  2022
pre-tax income at u.s. federal statutory income tax rate                   $(811)                      21   %                  $(1,881)                      21   %
state and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit                    (388)                      10   %                     (218)                       3   %
effect of foreign operations                                                  342                     (9)   %                       246                     (3)   %
preferred stock conversion premium charge                                       -                       -   %                       166                     (2)   %
noncontrolling interest adjustment                                            (9)                       -   %                      (17)                       -   %
other, net                                                                     82                     (2)   %                        41                       -   %
income tax benefit                                                         $(784)                      20   %                  $(1,663)                      19   %
income tax benefit was $(784) million and $(1,663) million, and the company's effective tax rate was 20% and 19% for 2023 and 2022, respectively. the decrease in tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2023 was primarily attributable to a decrease in pre-tax book loss and the effect of foreign operations, including taxation and allocation of income and losses across various foreign jurisdictions. these decreases were partially offset by a state uncertain tax benefit remeasurement following a multi-year tax audit agreement and a favorable state deferred tax adjustment recorded in the year ended december 31, 2023. the decrease for the year ended december 31, 2023 was further offset by a one-time expense incurred in 2022 related to a preferred stock conversion transaction expense that was not deductible for tax purposes.
segment results of operations - 2023 vs. 2022
the company evaluates the operating performance of its operating segments based on financial measures such as revenues and adjusted ebitda. adjusted ebitda is defined as operating income excluding:
•employee share-based compensation;
•depreciation and amortization;
•restructuring and facility consolidation;
•certain impairment charges;
•gains and losses on business and asset dispositions;
•certain inter-segment eliminations;
•third-party transaction and integration costs;
•amortization of purchase accounting fair value step-up for content;
•amortization of capitalized interest for content; and
•other items impacting comparability.
the company uses this measure to assess the operating results and performance of its segments, perform analytical comparisons, identify strategies to improve performance, and allocate resources to each segment. the company believes adjusted ebitda is relevant to investors because it allows them to analyze the operating performance of each segment using the same metric management uses. the company excludes employee share-based compensation, restructuring, certain impairment charges, gains and losses on business and asset dispositions, and transaction and integration costs from the calculation of adjusted ebitda due to their impact on comparability between periods. integration costs include transformative system implementations and integrations, such as enterprise resource planning systems, and may take several years to complete. the company also excludes the depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of intangible assets, amortization of purchase accounting fair value step-up for content, and amortization of capitalized interest for content, as these amounts do not represent cash payments in the current reporting period. certain corporate expenses and inter-segment eliminations related to production studios are excluded from segment results to enable executive management to evaluate segment performance based upon the decisions of segment executives. adjusted ebitda should be considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, operating income, net income, and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with u.s. gaap.
the table below presents our adjusted ebitda by segment (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2023                            2022                % change studios                                      $2,183                          $1,772                      23   %
networks                                      9,063                           8,725                       4   %
dtc                                             103                         (1,596)                           nm corporate                                   (1,242)                         (1,200)                     (4)   %
inter-segment eliminations                       93                              17                           nm studios segment the following table presents, for our studios segment, revenues by type, certain operating expenses, adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to operating income (loss) (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2023                                                   2022                                                             % change actual                                                 actual         pro forma         pro forma                           actual         pro forma combined         pro forma adjustments          combined                                                    (actual)          combined
(ex-fx)
revenues:
distribution                                                                     $17                                                    $12               $6               $18                                42    %               (6)        %         (6)     %
advertising                                                                       15                                                     15                9                24                                 -    %              (38)        %        (38)     %
content                                                                       11,358                                                  9,156            3,898            13,054                                24    %              (13)        %        (13)     %
other                                                                            802                                                    548              154               702                                46    %                14        %          13     %
total revenues                                                                12,192                                                  9,731            4,067            13,798                                25    %              (12)        %        (12)     %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization                     7,296                                                  6,310            2,392             8,702                                16    %              (16)        %        (16)     %
selling, general and administrative                                            2,713                                                  1,649              698             2,347                                65    %                16        %          16     %
adjusted ebitda                                                                2,183                                                  1,772              977             2,749                                23    %              (21)        %        (21)     %
depreciation and amortization                                                    667                                                    501               39               540
employee share-based compensation                                                  -                                                      1               26                27
restructuring and other charges                                                  225                                                  1,050             (38)             1,012
transaction and integration costs                                                  7                                                      9                -                 9
amortization of fair value step-up for content                                   995                                                  1,370            (785)               585
amortization of capitalized interest for content                                  46                                                      -                -                 -
inter-segment eliminations                                                        31                                                      5                -                 5
impairments and loss on dispositions                                               1                                                     30                -                30
operating income (loss)                                                         $211                                               $(1,194)           $1,735              $541
the discussion below reflects the results for the year ended december 31, 2022 on a pro forma combined basis, ex-fx, since the actual increases year over year for revenues, cost of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses and adjusted ebitda are substantially attributable to the merger.
revenues content revenue decreased 13% in 2023, primarily attributable to lower tv licensing revenue, partially offset by higher games revenue due to the release of hogwarts legacy and higher theatrical film rental revenue due to the release of barbie. tv licensing revenue decreased due to the timing of tv production, including the impact of the wga and sag-aftra strikes, certain large tv licensing deals in the prior year, fewer series sold to our owned platforms, and fewer cw series.
other revenue increased 13% in 2023, primarily attributable to the opening of warner bros. studio tour tokyo in june 2023 and continued strong attendance at warner bros. studio tour london and hollywood, partially offset by lower studio production services due to the impact of the wga and sag-aftra strikes.
costs of revenues costs of revenues decreased 16% in 2023, primarily attributable to lower television product content expense, including the impact of the wga and sag-aftra strikes, partially offset by higher content expense for games and theatrical products commensurate with higher revenues.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expenses increased 16% in 2023, primarily attributable to higher theatrical marketing expense due to the increased quantity of films released and higher games marketing expense to support the release of hogwarts legacy.
adjusted ebitda adjusted ebitda decreased 21% in 2023.
networks segment the table below presents, for our networks segment, revenues by type, certain operating expenses, adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to operating income (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2023                                                 2022                                                             % change actual                                               actual         pro forma         pro forma                           actual         pro forma combined         pro forma adjustments          combined                                                    (actual)          combined
(ex-fx)
revenues:
distribution                                                                 $11,521                                               $9,759           $2,183           $11,942                                18    %               (4)        %         (2)     %
advertising                                                                    8,342                                                8,224            1,380             9,604                                 1    %              (13)        %        (13)     %
content                                                                        1,005                                                1,120              220             1,340                              (10)    %              (25)        %        (24)     %
other                                                                            376                                                  245               55               300                                53    %                25        %          21     %
total revenues                                                                21,244                                               19,348            3,838            23,186                                10    %               (8)        %         (8)     %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization                     9,342                                                8,006            2,148            10,154                                17    %               (8)        %         (7)     %
selling, general and administrative                                            2,839                                                2,617              364             2,981                                 8    %               (5)        %         (4)     %
adjusted ebitda                                                                9,063                                                8,725            1,326            10,051                                 4    %              (10)        %         (9)     %
depreciation and amortization                                                  4,961                                                4,687                4             4,691
employee share-based compensation                                                  -                                                    -                9                 9
restructuring and other charges                                                  201                                                1,003              (5)               998
transaction and integration costs                                                  3                                                    2                -                 2
amortization of fair value step-up for content                                   473                                                   73              425               498
inter-segment eliminations                                                        90                                                   17                -                17
impairments and loss on dispositions                                              13                                                   24                -                24
operating income                                                              $3,322                                               $2,919             $893            $3,812
the discussion below reflects the results for the year ended december 31, 2022 on a pro forma combined basis, ex-fx, since the actual increases year over year for revenues, cost of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses and adjusted ebitda are substantially attributable to the merger.
revenues distribution revenue decreased 2% in 2023, primarily attributable to a decline in linear subscribers in the u.s., and to a lesser extent, lower sports related revenue due to our exit from at&t sportsnets and the tnt sports chile shift to dtc, partially offset by higher u.s. contractual affiliate rates and inflationary impact in argentina.
advertising revenue decreased 13% in 2023, primarily attributable to audience declines in domestic general entertainment and news networks, soft linear advertising markets in the u.s., and to a lesser extent, certain international markets, as well as the impact of broadcast of the ncaa march madness final four and championship in 2022.
content revenue decreased by 24% in 2023, primarily attributable to lower international sports sublicensing due to the prior year broadcast of the olympics in europe, and lower third-party content licensing deals in the u.s., partially offset by higher inter-segment licensing of content to dtc.
other revenue increased 21% in 2023, primarily attributable to services provided to the unconsolidated tnt sports uk joint venture.
costs of revenues costs of revenues decreased 7% in 2023, primarily attributable to lower sports content expense, including the prior year broadcast of the olympics in europe and the ncaa march madness final four and championship and our exit from at&t sportsnets, lower domestic general entertainment and news related expense, partially offset by unfavorable expenses from inflationary impact in argentina and costs associated with the unconsolidated tnt sports uk joint venture.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 4% in 2023, primarily attributable to lower marketing and personnel expenses.
adjusted ebitda adjusted ebitda decreased 9% in 2023.
dtc segment the following table presents, for our dtc segment, revenues by type, certain operating expenses, adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to operating loss (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2023                                                   2022                                                               % change actual                                                 actual         pro forma           pro forma                           actual         pro forma combined         pro forma adjustments            combined                                                    (actual)          combined
(ex-fx)
revenues:
distribution                                                                    $8,703                                                 $6,371           $2,150              $8,521                                37    %                 2        %           2     %
advertising                                                                        548                                                    371               36                 407                                48    %                35        %          35     %
content                                                                            886                                                    522              230                 752                                70    %                18        %          17     %
other                                                                               17                                                     10                3                  13                                70    %                31        %          31     %
total revenues                                                                  10,154                                                  7,274            2,419               9,693                                40    %                 5        %           5     %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization                       7,623                                                  6,211            1,977               8,188                                23    %               (7)        %         (7)     %
selling, general and administrative                                              2,428                                                  2,659              909               3,568                               (9)    %              (32)        %        (32)     %
adjusted ebitda                                                                    103                                                (1,596)            (467)             (2,063)                                     nm                         nm                nm depreciation and amortization                                                    2,063                                                  1,733               31               1,764
employee share-based compensation                                                    -                                                    (1)                -                 (1)
restructuring and other charges                                                     66                                                  1,551              (3)               1,548
transaction and integration costs                                                    4                                                      2                -                   2
amortization of fair value step-up for content                                     460                                                    390             (52)                 338
inter-segment eliminations                                                          72                                                      9                -                   9
impairments and loss on dispositions                                                 3                                                     13                -                  13
operating loss                                                                $(2,565)                                               $(5,293)           $(443)            $(5,736)
the discussion below reflects the results for the year ended december 31, 2022 on a pro forma combined basis, ex-fx, since the actual increases year over year for revenues, cost of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses and adjusted ebitda are substantially attributable to the merger.
revenues as of december 31, 2023, we had 97.7 million dtc subscribers (as defined under item 1. "business").
distribution revenue increased 2% in 2023, primarily attributable to new partnership launches, price increases in the u.s. and most international markets, the launch of the ultimate tier for max in the u.s., and the tnt sports chile shift to dtc, partially offset by u.s. wholesale declines.
advertising revenue increased 35% in 2023, primarily attributable to higher max u.s. engagement and ad-lite subscriber growth.
content revenue increased 17% in 2023, primarily attributable to a higher volume of licensing deals.
costs of revenues cost of revenues decreased 7% in 2023, primarily attributable to lower content expense and the shutdown of cnn+ in the prior year, partially offset by increased content licensing costs commensurate with higher content revenue.
selling, general, and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 32% in 2023, primarily attributable to more efficient marketing-related spend.
adjusted ebitda adjusted ebitda increased $2,150 million in 2023.
corporate the following table presents our adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to operating loss (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2023   2022                                                                                         % change actual                                                 actual   pro forma                 pro forma                     actual         pro forma combined         pro forma adjustments                combined                                    (actual)                   combined
(ex-fx)
adjusted ebitda                                                   $(1,242)                                               $(1,200)        $(353)               $(1,553)                           (4)       %    20                %        20          %
employee share-based compensation                                      488                                                    410        (11)                      399
depreciation and amortization                                          294                                                    272        (40)                      232
restructuring and other charges                                         95                                                    195        (44)                      151
transaction and integration costs                                      148                                                  1,182        (564)                     618
impairments and loss on dispositions                                    60                                                     50        -                          50
facility consolidation costs                                            32                                                      -        -                           -
amortization of fair value step-up for content                         (6)                                                      -        -                           -
inter-segment eliminations                                           (193)                                                   (31)        -                        (31)
operating loss                                                    $(2,160)                                               $(3,278)        $306                 $(2,972)
corporate operations primarily consist of executive management and administrative support services, which are recorded in selling, general and administrative expense, as well as substantially all of our share-based compensation and third-party transaction and integration costs.
as reported transaction and integration costs for 2022 included the impact of the issuance of additional shares of wbd common stock to advance/newhouse programming partnership of $789 million upon the closing of the merger. (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
adjusted ebitda improved 20% in 2023, primarily attributable to reductions to personnel costs, lower technology-related operating expenses, and lower securitization expense.
inter-segment eliminations the following table presents our inter-segment eliminations by revenue and expense, adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to operating loss (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2023   2022                                                                                           % change actual                                                 actual   pro forma                   pro forma                           actual   pro forma combined         pro forma adjustments                  combined                                    (actual)                   combined
(ex-fx)
inter-segment revenue eliminations                                $(2,269)                                               $(2,566)        $(1,065)               $(3,631)                                12   %    38                %        38          %
inter-segment expense eliminations                                 (2,362)                                                (2,583)        (1,038)                 (3,621)                                 9   %    35                %        35          %
adjusted ebitda                                                         93                                                     17        (27)                       (10)                                     nm   nm                         nm restructuring and other charges                                        (2)                                                   (42)        -                          (42)
amortization of fair value step-up for content                         451                                                    583        -             583
operating loss                                                      $(356)                                                 $(524)        $(27)                    $(551)
inter-segment revenue and expense eliminations primarily represent inter-segment content transactions and marketing and promotion activity between reportable segments. in our current segment structure, in certain instances, production and distribution activities are in different segments. inter-segment content transactions are presented "gross" (i.e. the segment producing and/or licensing the content reports revenue and profit from inter-segment transactions in a manner similar to the reporting of third-party transactions, and the required eliminations are reported on the separate "eliminations" line when presenting our summary of segment results). generally, timing of revenue recognition is similar to the reporting of third-party transactions. the segment distributing the content, e.g. via our dtc or linear services, capitalizes the cost of inter-segment content transactions, including "mark-ups" and amortizes the costs over the shorter of the license term, if applicable, or the expected period of use. the content amortization expense related to the inter-segment profit is also eliminated on the separate "eliminations" line when presenting our summary of segment results.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity sources of cash historically, we have generated a significant amount of cash from operations. during 2023, we funded our working capital needs primarily through cash flows from operations. as of december 31, 2023, we had $3.8 billion of cash and cash equivalents on hand. we are a well-known seasoned issuer and have the ability to conduct registered offerings of securities, including debt securities, common stock and preferred stock, on short notice, subject to market conditions. access to sufficient capital from the public market is not assured. we have a $6.0 billion revolving credit facility and commercial paper program described below. we also participate in a revolving receivables program and an accounts receivable factoring program described below.
•debt senior notes during the year ended december 31, 2023, we issued $1.5 billion of 6.412% fixed rate senior notes due march 2026. after march 2024, the senior notes are redeemable at par plus accrued and unpaid interest.
revolving credit facility and commercial paper we have a multicurrency revolving credit agreement (the "revolving credit agreement") and have the capacity to borrow up to $6.0 billion under the revolving credit agreement (the "credit facility"). we may also request additional commitments up to $1.0 billion from the lenders upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. the revolving credit agreement contains customary representations and warranties as well as affirmative and negative covenants. as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with all covenants and there were no events of default under the revolving credit agreement.
additionally, our commercial paper program is supported by the credit facility. under the commercial paper program, we may issue up to $1.5 billion, including up to $500 million of euro-denominated borrowings. borrowing capacity under the credit facility is effectively reduced by any outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, we borrowed and repaid $5,207 million and $5,214 million, respectively, under our credit facility and commercial paper program. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, the company had no outstanding borrowings under the credit facility or the commercial paper program.
•revolving receivables program we have a revolving agreement to transfer up to $5,500 million of certain receivables through our bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, warner bros. discovery receivables funding, llc, to various financial institutions on a recurring basis in exchange for cash equal to the gross receivables transferred. we service the sold receivables for the financial institution for a fee and pay fees to the financial institution in connection with this revolving agreement. as customers pay their balances, our available capacity under this revolving agreement increases and typically we transfer additional receivables into the program. in some cases, we may have collections that have not yet been remitted to the bank, resulting in a liability. the outstanding portfolio of receivables derecognized from our consolidated balance sheets was $5,200 million as of december 31, 2023.
•accounts receivable factoring we have a factoring agreement to sell certain of our non-u.s. trade accounts receivable on a limited recourse basis to a third-party financial institution. for the year ended december 31, 2023, total trade accounts receivable sold under our factoring arrangement was $383 million.
•derivatives we received investing proceeds of $121 million during the year ended december 31, 2023 from the unwind and settlement of derivative instruments. (see note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
uses of cash our primary uses of cash include the creation and acquisition of new content, business acquisitions, income taxes, personnel costs, costs to develop and market our streaming service max, principal and interest payments on our outstanding senior notes and term loan, funding for various equity method and other investments, and repurchases of our capital stock.
•content acquisition we plan to continue to invest significantly in the creation and acquisition of new content, as well as certain sports rights. additional information regarding contractual commitments to acquire content is set forth in "material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations" in item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
•debt term loan during the year ended december 31, 2023, we repaid $4.0 billion of aggregate principal amount outstanding of our term loan prior to the due date of april 2025.
floating rate notes during the year ended december 31, 2023, we completed a tender offer and purchased $460 million of aggregate principal amount of our floating rate notes prior to the due date of march 2024.
senior notes during the year ended december 31, 2023, we purchased or repaid $2,420 million of aggregate principal amount outstanding of our senior notes due in 2023 and 2024. in addition, we have $1,781 million of senior notes coming due in 2024.
we may from time to time seek to prepay, retire or purchase our other outstanding indebtedness through prepayments, redemptions, open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers or otherwise. any such purchases or exchanges will be dependent upon several factors, including our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, and general market conditions, as well as applicable regulatory, legal and accounting factors. whether or not we purchase or exchange any of our debt and the size and timing of any such purchases or exchanges will be determined at our discretion.
•capital expenditures we effected capital expenditures of $1,316 million in 2023, including amounts capitalized to support max. in addition, we expect to continue to incur significant costs to develop and market max.
•investments and business combinations our uses of cash have included investments in equity method investments and equity investments without readily determinable fair value. (see note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) we also provide funding to our investees from time to time. we contributed $112 million and $168 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively, for investments in and advances to our investees.
we previously held a 35% interest in blutv, an svod platform entity and content distributor in turkey that was accounted for as an equity method investment. in december 2023, we acquired the remaining 65% of blutv for $50 million.
•redeemable noncontrolling interest and noncontrolling interest due to business combinations, we also had redeemable equity balances of $165 million at december 31, 2023, which may require the use of cash in the event holders of noncontrolling interests put their interests to us. in 2022, goldentree exercised its put right requiring us to purchase goldentree's noncontrolling interest. in 2023, we paid goldentree $49 million for the redemption of their noncontrolling interest. (see note 19 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) distributions to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests totaled $301 million and $300 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
•common stock repurchases historically, we have funded our stock repurchases through a combination of cash on hand, cash generated by operations and the issuance of debt. in february 2020, our board of directors authorized additional stock repurchases of up to $2 billion upon completion of our existing $1 billion authorization announced in may 2019. under the new stock repurchase authorization, management is authorized to purchase shares from time to time through open market purchases at prevailing prices or privately negotiated purchases subject to market conditions and other factors. (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) there were no common stock repurchases during 2023 or 2022.
•income taxes and interest we expect to continue to make payments for income taxes and interest on our outstanding senior notes. during 2023 and 2022, we made cash payments of $1,440 million and $1,027 million for income taxes and $2,237 million and $1,539 million for interest on our outstanding debt, respectively.
cash flows the following table presents changes in cash and cash equivalents (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2023                            2022
cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period                                   $3,930                          $3,905
cash provided by operating activities                                                               7,477                           4,304
cash (used in) provided by investing activities                                                   (1,259)                           3,524
cash used in financing activities                                                                 (5,837)                         (7,742)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                          8                            (61)
net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                                             389                              25
cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period                                         $4,319                          $3,930
operating activities cash provided by operating activities was $7,477 million and $4,304 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to an increase in net income, excluding non-cash items, partially offset by a negative fluctuation in working capital activity.
investing activities cash (used in) provided by investing activities was $(1,259) million and $3,524 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. the decrease in cash provided by investing activities was primarily attributable to cash acquired from the merger in the prior year, less proceeds received from the unwind and settlement of derivative instruments and sale of investments, and increased purchases of property and equipment during the year ended december 31, 2023.
financing activities cash used in financing activities was $5,837 million and $7,742 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. the decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily attributable to less net debt activity during the year ended december 31, 2023.
capital resources as of december 31, 2023, capital resources were comprised of the following (in millions).
december 31, 2023
total                                                                                                                                                 outstanding           unused capacity                                                                                                                                                indebtedness         capacity cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              $3,780                                                                                                                                                          $-                   $3,780
revolving credit facility and commercial paper program                                                                  6,000                                                                                                                                                           -                    6,000
senior notes (a)                                                                                                       43,955                                                                                                                                                      43,955                        -
total                                                                                                                 $53,735                                                                                                                                                     $43,955                   $9,780
(a) interest on senior notes is paid annually, semi-annually, or quarterly. our senior notes outstanding as of december 31, 2023 had interest rates that ranged from 1.90% to 8.30% and will mature between 2024 and 2062.
we expect that our cash balance, cash generated from operations, and availability under the credit agreement will be sufficient to fund our cash needs for both the short-term and the long-term. our borrowing costs and access to capital markets can be affected by short and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies which are based, in part, on our performance as measured by credit metrics such as interest coverage and leverage ratios.
the 2017 tax act features a participation exemption regime with current taxation of certain foreign income and imposes a mandatory repatriation toll tax on unremitted foreign earnings. notwithstanding the u.s. taxation of these amounts, we intend to continue to reinvest these funds outside of the u.s. our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to the u.s. however, if these funds were to be needed in the u.s., we would be required to accrue and pay non-u.s. taxes to repatriate them. the determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred income tax liability with respect to these undistributed foreign earnings is not practicable.
material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations as of december 31, 2023, our significant contractual and other obligations were as follows (in millions).
total                 short-term                  long-term long-term debt:
principal payments                                        $43,953                   $1,781                    $42,172
interest payments                                          33,177                    2,007                     31,170
purchase obligations:
content                                                    24,072                    7,077                     16,995
other                                                       3,242                    1,386                      1,856
finance lease obligations                    296                                        85                        211
operating lease obligations                                 4,360                      462                      3,898
pension and other employee obligations                      1,526                      531                        995
total                                                    $110,626                  $13,329                    $97,297
long-term debt principal payments on long-term debt reflect the repayment of our outstanding senior notes, at face value, assuming repayment will occur upon maturity. interest payments on our outstanding senior notes are projected based on their contractual interest rates and maturity dates.
additionally, we have a multicurrency revolving credit agreement and have the capacity to borrow up to $6.0 billion under the credit facility. we may also request additional commitments up to $1.0 billion from the lenders upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. additionally, our commercial paper program is supported by the credit facility. under the commercial paper program, we may issue up to $1.5 billion, including up to $500 million of euro-denominated borrowings. borrowing capacity under the credit facility is effectively reduced by any outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program. as of december 31, 2023, we had no outstanding borrowings under the credit facility or the commercial paper program. (see note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
purchase obligations content purchase obligations include commitments associated with third-party producers and sports associations for content that airs on our television networks and dtc services. production and licensing contracts generally require the purchase of a specified number of episodes and payments during production or over the term of a license, and include both programs that have been delivered and are available for airing and programs that have not yet been produced or sporting events that have not yet taken place. if the content is ultimately never produced, our commitments expire without obligation. we expect to enter into additional production contracts and content licenses to meet our future content needs.
other purchase obligations include agreements with certain vendors and suppliers for the purchase of goods and services whereby the underlying agreements are enforceable, legally binding and specify all significant terms. significant purchase obligations include transmission services, television rating services, marketing commitments and research, equipment purchases, and information technology and other services. some of these contracts do not require the purchase of fixed or minimum quantities and generally may be terminated with a 30-day to 60-day advance notice without penalty, and are not included in the table above past the 30-day to 60-day advance notice period. other purchase obligations also include future funding commitments to equity method investees. although the company had funding commitments to equity method investees as of december 31, 2023, the company may also provide uncommitted additional funding to its equity method investments in the future. (see note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
content and other purchase obligations presented above exclude liabilities recognized on our consolidated balance sheets.
finance lease obligations we acquire satellite transponders and other equipment through multi-year finance lease arrangements. principal payments on finance lease obligations reflect amounts due under our finance lease agreements. interest payments on our outstanding finance lease obligations are based on the stated or implied rate in our finance lease agreements. (see note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
operating lease obligations we obtain office space and equipment under multi-year lease arrangements. most operating leases are not cancellable prior to their expiration. payments for operating leases represent the amounts due under the agreements assuming the agreements are not canceled prior to their expiration. (see note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
pension and other employee obligations the company participates in and/or sponsors a qualified defined benefit pension plan that covers certain u.s. based employees and several u.s. and non-u.s. nonqualified defined benefit pension plans that are noncontributory ("pension plans"). the company's pension plans consist of both funded and unfunded plans. (see note 17 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
contractual commitments include payments to meet minimum funding requirements of our pension plans in 2024 and estimated benefit payments. benefit payments have been estimated over a ten-year period. while benefit payments under the pension plans are expected to continue beyond 2033, we believe it is not practicable to estimate payments beyond this period.
we are unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount of any payments due to cash-settled share-based compensation awards. as of december 31, 2023, the current portion of the liability for cash-settled share-based compensation awards was $10 million.
unrecognized tax benefits we are unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount or timing of settlement of our unrecognized tax benefits because, until formal resolutions are reached, reasonable estimates of the amount and timing of cash settlements with the respective taxing authorities are not practicable. our unrecognized tax benefits totaled $2,147 million as of december 31, 2023.
six flags guarantee in connection with wm's former investment in the six flags (as defined below) theme parks located in georgia and texas (collectively, the "parks"), in 1997, certain subsidiaries of the company agreed to guarantee (the "six flags guarantee") certain obligations of the partnerships that hold the parks (the "partnerships") for the benefit of the limited partners in such partnerships, including, annual payments made to the parks or to the limited partners and additional obligations at the end of the respective terms for the partnerships in 2027 and 2028 (the "guaranteed obligations"). the aggregate gross undiscounted estimated future cash flow requirements covered by the six flags guarantee over the remaining term (through 2028) are $521 million. to date, no payments have been made by us pursuant to the six flags guarantee.
six flags entertainment corporation (formerly known as six flags, inc. and premier parks inc.) ("six flags"), which has the controlling interest in the parks, has agreed, pursuant to a subordinated indemnity agreement (the "subordinated indemnity agreement"), to guarantee the performance of the guaranteed obligations when due and to indemnify the company, among others, if the six flags guarantee is called upon. if six flags defaults on its indemnification obligations, we have the right to acquire control of the managing partner of the parks. six flags' obligations to us are further secured by its interest in all limited partnership units held by six flags.
based on our evaluation of the current facts and circumstances surrounding the guaranteed obligations and the subordinated indemnity agreement, we are unable to predict the loss, if any, that may be incurred under the guaranteed obligations, and no liability for the arrangements has been recognized as of december 31, 2023. because of the specific circumstances surrounding the arrangements and the fact that no active or observable market exists for this type of financial guarantee, we are unable to determine a current fair value for the guaranteed obligations and related subordinated indemnity agreement.
other contingent commitments other contingent commitments primarily include contingent payments for post-production term advance obligations on a certain co-financing arrangement, as well as operating lease commitment guarantees, letters of credit, bank guarantees, and surety bonds, which generally support performance and payments for a wide range of global contingent and firm obligations, including insurance, litigation appeals, real estate leases, and other operational needs.
the company's other contingent commitments at december 31, 2023 were $395 million, with $367 million estimated to be due in 2024. for other contingent commitments where payment obligations are outside our control, the timing of amounts represents the earliest period in which the payment could be requested. for the remaining other contingent commitments, the timing of the amounts presented represents when the maximum contingent commitment will expire but does not mean that we expect to incur an obligation to make any payments within that time period. in addition, these amounts do not reflect the effects of any indemnification rights we might possess.
put rights we have granted put rights to certain consolidated subsidiaries, but we are unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount or timing of any payment. we recorded the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest in the equity associated with the put rights as a component of redeemable noncontrolling interest in the amount of $165 million. (see note 19 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
noncontrolling interest the food network and cooking channel are operated and organized under the terms of the tv food network partnership (the "partnership"). we hold interests in the partnership, along with another noncontrolling owner. the partnership agreement specifies a dissolution date of december 31, 2024. if the term of the partnership is not extended prior to that date, the partnership agreement permits us, as holder of 80% of the applicable votes, to reconstitute the partnership and continue its business. if for some reason the partnership is not continued, it will be required to limit its activities to winding up, settling debts, liquidating assets and distributing proceeds to the partners in proportion to their partnership interests.
summarized guarantor financial information basis of presentation as of december 31, 2023, the company has outstanding senior notes issued by dcl, a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, and guaranteed by the company, scripps networks interactive, inc. ("scripps networks"), and wmh; senior notes issued by wmh and guaranteed by the company, scripps networks, and dcl; senior notes issued by the legacy warnermedia business (not guaranteed); and senior notes issued by scripps networks (not guaranteed). (see note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) dcl primarily includes the discovery channel and tlc networks in the u.s. dcl is a wholly owned subsidiary of the company. scripps networks is also wholly owned by the company.
the tables below present the summarized financial information as combined for warner bros. discovery, inc. (the "parent"), scripps networks, dcl, and wmh (collectively, the "obligors"). all guarantees of dcl and wmh's senior notes (the "note guarantees") are full and unconditional, joint and several and unsecured, and cover all payment obligations arising under the senior notes.
note guarantees issued by scripps networks, dcl or wmh, or any subsidiary of the parent that in the future issues a note guarantee (each, a "subsidiary guarantor") may be released and discharged (i) concurrently with any direct or indirect sale or disposition of such subsidiary guarantor or any interest therein, (ii) at any time that such subsidiary guarantor is released from all of its obligations under its guarantee of payment, (iii) upon the merger or consolidation of any subsidiary guarantor with and into dcl, wmh or the parent or another subsidiary guarantor, as applicable, or upon the liquidation of such subsidiary guarantor and (iv) other customary events constituting a discharge of the obligors' obligations.
summarized financial information the company has included the accompanying summarized combined financial information of the obligors after the elimination of intercompany transactions and balances among the obligors and the elimination of equity in earnings from and investments in any subsidiary of the parent that is a non-guarantor (in millions).
december 31, 2023
current assets                                                                   $1,539
non-guarantor intercompany trade receivables, net                                   336
noncurrent assets                                                                 5,709
current liabilities                                                               2,847
noncurrent liabilities                                                           42,157
year ended december 31, 2023
revenues                                                                         $1,940
operating income                                                                    307
net loss                                                                        (1,436)
net loss available to discovery, inc.                                           (1,447)
additional information regarding the changes in our outstanding indebtedness and the significant terms and provisions of our revolving credit facility and outstanding indebtedness is discussed in note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.
related party transactions in the ordinary course of business, we enter into transactions with related parties, primarily the liberty entities and our equity method investees. information regarding transactions and amounts with related parties is discussed in note 21 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.
new accounting and reporting pronouncements we adopted certain accounting and reporting standards during 2023. information regarding our adoption of new accounting and reporting standards is discussed in note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap, which requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those related to uncertain tax positions, goodwill and intangible assets, content rights, consolidation and revenue recognition. we base our estimates on historical experience, current developments and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under these circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that cannot readily be determined from other sources. there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates.
management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if it required assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made and changes in the estimate or different estimates could have a material effect on our results of operations.
the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates have been determined by management and the related disclosures have been reviewed with the audit committee of the board of directors of the company. we believe the following accounting estimates are critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations and involve the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
uncertain tax positions we are subject to income taxes in numerous u.s. and foreign jurisdictions. from time to time, we engage in transactions or take filing positions in which the tax consequences may be uncertain and may recognize tax liabilities based on estimates of whether additional taxes and interest will be due. we establish a reserve for uncertain tax positions unless we determine that such positions are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination based on their technical merits, including the resolution of any appeals or litigation processes. we include interest and where appropriate, potential penalties, as a component of income tax expense on the consolidated statement of operations. this assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series of complex judgments about future events including the status and results of income tax audits with the relevant tax authorities. significant judgment is exercised in evaluating all relevant information, the technical merits of the tax positions, and the accurate measurement of uncertain tax positions when determining the amount of reserve and whether positions taken on our tax returns are more likely than not to be sustained. this also involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the potential outcome of positions taken on tax returns that may be reviewed by tax authorities. at december 31, 2023, the reserve for uncertain tax positions was $2,147 million, and it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits related to certain of our uncertain tax positions could decrease by as much as $84 million within the next twelve months as a result of ongoing audits, foreign judicial proceedings, lapses of statutes of limitations or regulatory developments.
goodwill and intangible assets goodwill is allocated to our reporting units, which are our operating segments or one level below our operating segments (the component level). reporting units are determined by the discrete financial information available for the component and whether it is regularly reviewed by segment management. components are aggregated into a single reporting unit if they share similar economic characteristics. our reporting units are studios, networks, and dtc.
we evaluate our goodwill for impairment annually as of october 1 or earlier upon the occurrence of substantive unfavorable changes in economic conditions, industry trends, costs, cash flows, or ongoing declines in market capitalization. if we believe that as a result of our qualitative assessment it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is required. the quantitative impairment test requires significant judgment in determining the fair value of the reporting units. we determine the fair value of our reporting units by using a combination of the income approach, which incorporates the use of the discounted cash flow ("dcf") method and the market multiple approach, which incorporates the use of ebitda and revenue multiples based on market data. for the dcf method, we use projections specific to the reporting unit, as well as those based on general economic conditions, which require the use of significant estimates and assumptions. determining fair value specific to each reporting unit requires us to exercise judgment when selecting the appropriate discount rates, control premiums, terminal growth rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, including revenue growth rates and profit margins. the cash flows employed in the dcf analysis for each reporting unit are based on the reporting unit's budget, long range plan, and recent operating performance. discount rate assumptions are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in the future cash flows of the respective reporting unit and market conditions.
2023 impairment analysis as of october 1, 2023, the company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for all reporting units. the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and, therefore, no impairment was recorded. the studios reporting unit, which had headroom of 15%, and the networks reporting unit, which had headroom of 5%, both had fair value in excess of carrying value of less than 20%. during our annual impairment testing, we evaluated the sensitivity of our most critical assumption, the discount rate, and determined that a 50 basis point increase in the discount rate selected would not have impacted the test results. additionally, the company could reduce the terminal growth rate by 100 basis points, and the fair value of the reporting units would still exceed their carrying value. the fair values of the reporting units were determined using a combination of dcf and market valuation methodologies. due to declining levels of global gdp growth, soft advertising markets in the u.s. associated with the company's networks reporting unit, content licensing trends in our studios reporting unit, and execution risk associated with anticipated growth in the company's dtc reporting unit, the company will continue to monitor its reporting units for changes that could impact recoverability.
content rights we capitalize the costs to produce or acquire feature films and television programs, and we amortize costs and test for impairment based on whether the content is predominantly monetized individually, or as a group.
for films and television programs predominantly monetized individually, the amount of capitalized film and television production costs (net of incentives) amortized and the amount of participations and residuals to be recognized as expense in a particular period are determined using the individual film forecast method. under this method, the amortization of capitalized costs and the accrual of participations and residuals are based on the proportion of the film's or television program's revenues recognized for such period to the film's or television program's estimated remaining ultimate revenues (i.e., the total revenue to be received throughout a film's or television program's remaining life cycle).
for theatrical films, which are monetized on an individual basis, the process of estimating ultimate revenues requires us to make a series of judgments related to future revenue-generating activities associated with a particular film. prior to the theatrical release of a film, our estimates are based on factors such as the historical performance of similar films, the star power of the lead actors, the rating and genre of the film, pre-release market research (including test market screenings), international distribution plans and the expected number of theaters in which the film will be released. subsequent to release, ultimate revenues are updated to reflect initial performance, which is often predictive of future performance.
for television programs that are monetized on an individual basis, ultimate revenues are estimated based on factors including the performance of similar programs in each applicable market, firm commitments in hand from customers that license the program in the future, and the popularity of the program in its initial markets.
for a film or television program that is predominantly monetized on its own but also monetized with other films and/or programs (such as on our dtc or linear services), we make a reasonable estimate of the value attributable to the film or program's exploitation while monetized with other films/programs, based on relative market rates, and expense such costs as the film or television program is exhibited.
ultimates for content monetized on an individual basis are reviewed and updated (as applicable) on a quarterly basis; any adjustments are applied prospectively as of the beginning of the fiscal year of the change.
for programs monetized as a group, including licensed programming, amortization expense for network programs is generally based on projected usage, generally resulting in an accelerated or straight-line amortization pattern. adjustments for projected usage are applied prospectively in the period of the change. streaming and premium pay-tv content amortization is based on estimated viewing patterns, as there are generally limited to no direct revenues to associate to the individual content assets for premium pay-tv. as such, number of views is most representative of the use of the title.
judgment is required to determine the useful lives and amortization patterns of our content assets that are predominantly monetized as a group. critical assumptions include: (i) the grouping of content with similar characteristics, (ii) the application of a quantitative revenue forecast model or historical viewership model based on the adequacy of historical data, and (iii) determining the appropriate historical periods to utilize and the relative weighting of those historical periods in the forecast model. we then consider the appropriate application of the quantitative assessment given forecasted content use, expected content investment and market trends. content use and future revenues may differ from estimates based on changes in expectations related to market acceptance, network affiliate fee rates, advertising demand, the number of cable and satellite television subscribers receiving our networks, the number of subscribers to our streaming services, and program usage. accordingly, we review our estimates and planned usage at least quarterly and revise our assumptions if necessary.
consolidation we have ownership and other interests in and contractual arrangements with various entities, including corporations, partnerships, and limited liability companies. for each such entity, we evaluate our ownership, other interests and contractual arrangements to determine whether we should consolidate the entity or account for its interest as an investment at inception and upon reconsideration events. as part of its evaluation, we initially determine whether the entity is a variable interest entity ("vie"). management evaluates key considerations through a qualitative and quantitative analysis in determining whether an entity is a vie including whether (i) the entity has sufficient equity to finance its activities without additional financial support from other parties, (ii) the ability or inability to make significant decisions about the entity's operations, and (iii) the proportionality of voting rights of investors relative to their obligations to absorb the expected losses (or receive the expected returns) of the entity. if the entity is a vie and if we have a variable interest in the entity, we use judgment in determining if we are the primary beneficiary and are thus required to consolidate the entity. in making this determination, we evaluate whether we or another party involved with the vie (1) has the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and (2) has the obligation to absorb losses of or receive benefits from the vie that could be significant to the vie.
if it is concluded that an entity is not a vie, we consider our proportional voting interests in the entity and consolidate majority-owned subsidiaries in which a controlling financial interest is maintained. a controlling financial interest is determined by majority ownership and the absence of substantive third-party participation rights. key factors we consider in determining the presence of substantive third-party participation rights include, but are not limited to, control of the board of directors, budget approval or veto rights, or operational rights that significantly impact the economic performance of the business such as programming, creative development, marketing, and selection of key personnel. ownership interests in unconsolidated entities for which we have significant influence are accounted for as equity method.
we evaluated reconsideration events during the year ended december 31, 2023 and concluded there were no changes to our consolidation assessments.
revenue recognition as described in note 2, revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised services or goods to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those services or goods. significant estimates and judgements are applied in determining the timing of revenue recognition for certain types of transactions, such as bundled arrangements for advertising sales and content licensing arrangements.
a substantial portion of the advertising contracts in the u.s. and certain international markets guarantee the advertiser a minimum audience level that either the program in which their advertisements are aired or the advertisement will reach. these advertising campaigns are considered to represent a single, distinct performance obligation. for such contracts, judgment is required in measuring progress across our single performance obligation. various factors such as pricing specific to the channel, daypart and targeted demographic, as well as audience guarantees, are considered in determining how to appropriately measure progress across the campaigns. revenues are ultimately recognized based on the guaranteed audience level delivered multiplied by the average price per impression.
our content licensing arrangements often include fixed license fees from the licensing of feature films and television programs in the off-network cable, premium pay, syndication, streaming, and international television and streaming markets. for arrangements that include multiple titles and/or staggered availabilities across geographical regions, the availability of each title and/or each region is considered a separate performance obligation, and the fixed fee is allocated to each title/region based on comparable market rates and recognized as revenue when the title is available for use by the licensee.
see item 1a, "risk factors" for details on significant risks that could impact our ability to successfully grow our cash flows. for an in-depth discussion of each of our significant accounting policies, including our critical accounting policies and further information regarding estimates and assumptions involved in their application, see note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.
