item 1a. risk factors.
our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. you should carefully consider the following risk factors in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in item 7 and our "financial statements and supplementary data" in item 8. in addition to the following risks, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future that are not presently known or are not currently believed to be material.
strategy and operational risks if we fail to implement our business strategy, our financial performance and our growth could be materially and adversely affected.
our future financial performance and success are dependent in large part upon our ability to implement our business strategy successfully. implementation of our strategy will require effective management of our operational, financial and human resources and will place significant demands on those resources. see item 1. business for more information on our business strategy. there are risks involved in pursuing our strategy, including the following:
●   our employees, customers or investors may not embrace and support our strategy.

●   we may not be able to hire or retain the personnel necessary to manage our strategy effectively.

●   a key element of our strategy is yield management through focus on price leadership, which has presented challenges to keep existing business and win new business at reasonable returns. we also utilize an energy surcharge and other mandated fees. the loss of volumes as a result of price increases and our unwillingness to pursue lower margin volumes may negatively affect our cash flows or results of operations. additionally, we have in the past and may in the future face purported class action lawsuits related to our customer service agreements, prices and fees.

●   we may be unsuccessful in implementing our technology-led automation and optimization strategy and other improvements to operational efficiency and such efforts may not yield the intended result.

●   we may not be able to maintain cost savings achieved, including through our automation and optimization efforts, due to inflationary cost pressure or otherwise.

●   strategic decisions with respect to our asset portfolio may result in impairments to our assets.

●   our ability to make strategic acquisitions depends on our ability to identify desirable acquisition targets, negotiate advantageous transactions despite competition for such opportunities, fund such acquisitions on favorable terms, obtain regulatory approvals and realize the benefits we expect from those transactions.

●   acquisitions, investments and/or new service offerings or lines of business may not increase our earnings in the timeframe anticipated, or at all, due to difficulties operating in new markets or providing new service offerings or lines of business, failure of technologies to perform as expected, failure to operate within budget, integration issues, or regulatory issues and compliance costs, among others, and we may experience issues successfully integrating acquisitions into our internal controls, operations, and/or accounting systems.

●   integration of acquisitions and/or new services offerings or lines of business could increase our exposure to the risk of inadvertent noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations, and additional expansion into markets outside of north america would result in our business being subject to new laws and regulatory regimes, resulting in greater exposure to risk of inadvertent noncompliance and additional compliance costs.

●   liabilities associated with acquisitions, including ones that may exist only because of past operations of an acquired business, may prove to be more difficult or costly to address than anticipated, and businesses or assets we acquire may have undisclosed liabilities, despite our efforts to minimize exposure to such risks through due diligence and other measures.

●   execution of our strategy, including growth through acquisitions and our planned expansion of our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments, may cause us to incur substantial additional indebtedness, which may divert capital away from our traditional business operations and other financial plans, and may introduce additional risks and volatility to our financial performance.

●   supply chain, regulatory or permitting disruptions or delays could detrimentally impact the execution timeline for our planned expansion of our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy businesses.

20
●   we continue to seek to divest underperforming and non-strategic assets if we cannot improve their profitability. we may not be able to successfully negotiate the divestiture of underperforming and non-strategic operations, which could result in asset impairments or the continued operation of low-margin businesses.

in addition to the risks set forth above, implementation of our business strategy could also be affected by other factors beyond our control, such as increased competition, legal developments, government regulation, general economic conditions, including slower growth or recession, increased operating costs or expenses, subcontractor costs and availability and changes in industry trends. we may decide to alter or discontinue certain aspects of our business strategy at any time. if we are not able to implement our business strategy successfully, our long-term growth and profitability may be adversely affected. even if we are able to implement some or all of the initiatives of our business strategy successfully, our operating results may not improve to the extent we anticipate, or at all.
our operations must comply with extensive existing regulations, and changes in regulations, including with respect to emerging contaminants and extended producer responsibility, can restrict or alter our operations, increase our operating costs, increase our tax rate, or require us to make additional capital expenditures.
stringent government regulations at the federal, state, provincial and local level in the u.s. and canada have a substantial impact on our operations, and compliance with such regulations is costly. many complex laws, rules, orders and interpretations govern environmental protection, health, safety, land use, zoning, transportation and related matters. among other things, governmental regulations and enforcement actions restrict our operations at times and may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by imposing conditions such as:
●   limitations on siting and constructing new waste disposal, transfer, recycling or processing facilities or on expanding existing facilities;

●   limitations, regulations or levies on collection and disposal prices, rates and volumes;

●   limitations, bans, taxes or charges on disposal or transportation of out-of-state waste or certain categories of waste;

●   mandates regarding the management of solid waste and other materials, including requirements to recycle, divert or otherwise process certain waste, recycling and other streams; or

●   limitations or restrictions on the recycling, processing or transformation of waste, recycling and other streams.

regulations affecting the siting, design and closure of landfills require us, at times, to undertake investigatory or remedial activities, curtail operations or close landfills temporarily or permanently. we have significant financial obligations relating to final capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation at our existing landfills and we establish accruals for these estimated costs. expenditures could be accelerated or materially exceed our accruals due to earlier than expected closure of landfills; the types of waste collected and manner in which it is transported and disposed of, including actions taken in the past by companies we have acquired or third-party landfill operators; environmental regulatory changes; new information about waste types previously collected, such as per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ("pfas") or other emerging contaminates and other reasons.
federal and state governments have increased their focus on efforts to safeguard communities from the potentially harmful effects associated with pfas. see item 1. business - regulation - recent developments and focus areas in policy and regulation - pfas for additional background information. the epa proposed the designation of two pfas compounds as hazardous substances under cercla. we are closely monitoring this proposed rulemaking and are actively working with both congress and the epa to provide landfills and other essential public services with relief from cercla liability and instead hold accountable manufacturers and heavy users of these compounds. without such relief, we may face increased exposure to remediation and litigation costs associated with properties that the epa may designate as cercla sites due to the presence of pfas.
additionally, regulations establishing extended producer responsibility ("epr") are being considered or implemented in many places around the world, including in the u.s. and canada. epr regulations are designed to place either partial or total responsibility on producers of consumer-packaged goods and other products to fund the post-use life cycle of the products they create. along with the funding responsibility, producers may be required to undertake additional responsibilities, such as taking over management of local recycling programs by taking back their products from end users or managing the collection operations and recycling processing and marketing infrastructure. during periods of economic difficulty, governmental entities have increased their interest in implementing epr regulations to reduce municipal spending on recycling programs. there is no federal law establishing epr in the u.s. or canada; however, federal, state,
21
provincial and local governments could, and in several cases have, taken steps to implement epr regulations for packaging, including traditional recyclables such as cardboard, bottles and cans. if wide-ranging epr regulations were adopted, they could significantly impact the waste and recycling streams we manage and how we operate our business, including contract terms and pricing. a significant reduction in the waste, recycling and other streams we manage, including with respect to quality and volume, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our business is subject to operational and safety risks, including the risk of personal injury to employees and others.
providing environmental and waste management services, including constructing and operating landfills, transfer stations, recycling facilities and other disposal facilities, and landfill gas-to-energy facilities, involves risks such as truck accidents, equipment defects, malfunctions and failures, and improper use of dangerous equipment. additionally, we closely monitor and manage landfills to minimize the risk of waste mass instability, releases of hazardous materials, and odors that are sometimes triggered by weather or natural disasters. there are also risks presented by the potential for subsurface heat reactions causing elevated landfill temperatures and increased production of leachate, landfill gas and odors. we also build and operate natural gas fueling stations, some of which also serve the public or third parties. operation of fueling stations and landfill gas collection and control systems, as well as operation of heavy machinery and management of flammable materials at our recycling facilities and transfer stations, involves additional risks of fire and explosion. any of these risks could potentially result in injury or death of employees and others, a need to shut down or reduce operation of facilities, increased operating expense and exposure to liability for pollution and other environmental damage, and property damage or destruction.
while we seek to minimize our exposure to such risks through comprehensive training, compliance and response and recovery programs, as well as vehicle and equipment maintenance programs, if we were to incur substantial liabilities in excess of any applicable insurance, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. any such incidents could also tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. additionally, a major operational failure, even if suffered by a competitor, may bring enhanced scrutiny and regulation of our industry, with a corresponding increase in operating expense.
we may be unable to obtain or maintain required permits or expand existing permitted capacity at our landfills, due to land scarcity, public opposition or otherwise, which can require us to identify disposal alternatives, resulting in decreased revenue and increased costs.
our ability to meet our financial and operating objectives depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain the permits necessary to operate landfill sites and transfer stations. permits to build, operate and expand solid waste management facilities, including landfills and transfer stations, have become more difficult and expensive to obtain and maintain. permits often take years to obtain as a result of numerous hearings and compliance requirements with regard to zoning, environmental and other regulations. these permits are also often subject to resistance from citizen or other groups and other political pressures. local communities and citizen groups, adjacent landowners or governmental agencies may oppose the issuance of a permit or approval we may need, allege violations of the permits under which we currently operate or laws or regulations to which we are subjected, or seek to impose liability on us for alleged environmental damage. such actions could also impact our ability to do business by causing reputational harm. federal, state and local governments are also increasingly adopting requirements for environmental justice reviews as part of certain permitting decisions. these policies generally require permitting agencies to give heightened attention to the potential for projects to disproportionately impact low-income and minority communities. responding to permit challenges has, at times, increased our costs and extended the time associated with establishing new facilities and expanding existing facilities. in addition, failure to receive regulatory and zoning approval, as well as land scarcity, particularly in densely populated areas, may prohibit us from establishing new facilities or expanding existing facilities. diminishing disposal capacity, typically in proximity to major metropolitan areas, sometimes requires us to transport waste by rail or find alternative disposal solutions in affected areas, increasing our operating costs. our failure to obtain the required permits and necessary capacity expansion to operate our landfills could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
if we are unable to attract, hire or retain key team members and a high-quality workforce, or if our succession planning does not develop an adequate pipeline of future leaders, it could disrupt our business, jeopardize our strategic priorities and result in increased costs, negatively impacting our results of operations.
our operations require us to attract, hire, develop and retain a high-quality workforce to provide a superior customer experience. this includes key individuals in leadership and specialty roles, as well as a very large number of drivers,
22
technicians and other front-line and back-office team members necessary to provide our environmental services. we experience significant competition to hire and retain individuals for certain front-line positions, such as commercial truck drivers, from within and outside our industry. (also see item 1a. risk factors - market disruption, including labor shortages and supply chain constraints, and macroeconomic pressures, including inflation, have adversely impacted our business and results of operations.) additionally, the market for employees that serve on our digital team is highly competitive. as we have accelerated our investments in our technology-led automation and optimization strategy, it is increasingly important that we are able to attract and retain employees with the skills and expertise necessary to implement and manage these projects. we also compete to attract skilled business leaders, and our own key team members are sought after by our competitors and other companies. we make significant investments, and engage in internal succession planning, to provide us with a robust pipeline of future leaders. if we are not able to attract, hire, develop and retain a high-quality workforce with the necessary skills and expertise, as well as key leaders, or if we experience significant employee turnover, it can result in business and strategic disruption, increased costs, and loss of institutional knowledge, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
our business depends on our reputation and the value of our brand.
we believe we have developed a reputation for high-quality service, reliability and social and environmental responsibility, and we believe our brand symbolizes these attributes. the wm brand name, trademarks and logos and our reputation are powerful sales and marketing tools, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. adverse publicity, whether or not justified, relating to activities by our operations, employees or agents, or challenges to our assertions of social and environmental responsibility, could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. (also see item 1a. risk factors - focus on, and regulation of, environmental, social and governance ("esg") performance and disclosure can result in increased costs, risk of noncompliance, damage to our reputation and related adverse effects.) damage to our reputation could reduce demand for our services and potentially have an adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand.
we have made significant investments in an extensive natural gas truck fleet, which makes us partially dependent on the availability of natural gas and fueling infrastructure and vulnerable to natural gas prices, and requirements to transition to other vehicle types could impair these investments.
we operate a large fleet of natural gas vehicles, and we plan to continue to invest in these assets for our collection fleet. however, natural gas fueling infrastructure is not yet broadly available in the u.s. and canada; as a result, we have constructed and operate natural gas fueling stations, some of which also serve the public or pre-approved third parties. it will remain necessary for us to invest capital in fueling infrastructure to power our natural gas fleet. additionally, fluctuations in the price and supply of natural gas could substantially increase our operating expenses; a reduction in the existing cost differential between natural gas and diesel fuel could materially reduce the benefits we anticipate from our investment in natural gas vehicles.
there is increasing pressure to reduce the use of fossil fuel in the heavy-duty truck industry, and some regulatory bodies are pursuing requirements for using alternative engine technology, such as electric powered vehicles, rather than natural gas or diesel vehicles. this is resulting in regulatory actions to advance the adoption of zero-emission vehicles and a shift away from tax incentives and grants for natural gas trucks and rng infrastructure. for example, california is at various stages of regulation that would require heavy-duty vehicle fleets to phase-in zero-emissions vehicles. the extent to which other states adopt california's standards or something similar into their own regulatory frameworks could accelerate the industry-wide adoption of electric vehicles. although current options for heavy-duty electric vehicles lack sufficient range and proven experience for our operations, we are proactively engaging in pilots of electric powered heavy-duty vehicles and anticipate that we could redirect future planned capital investments in our fleet toward these assets when the vehicles prove economically and operationally viable. should regulation mandate an accelerated transition to electric powered vehicles, our cost to acquire vehicles needed to service our customers could increase, capital investment required to establish sufficient charging infrastructure could be significant and investments we have made in an industry-leading natural gas fleet and infrastructure could be impaired. in addition, tax incentives and grants that advance the adoption of zero-emissions vehicles and lead to a shift away from natural gas trucks and rng infrastructure would likely also negatively impact our investments in landfill gas-to-energy facilities.
23
increases in our labor costs as a result of labor unions organizing, changes in regulations related to labor unions or increases in employee minimum wages, could adversely affect our future results.
labor unions continually attempt to organize our employees, and these efforts will likely continue in the future. certain groups of our employees are currently represented by unions, and we have negotiated collective bargaining agreements with these unions. additional groups of employees may seek union representation in the future, and, if successful, would enhance organized labor's leverage to obtain higher than expected wage and benefits costs and resist the introduction of new technology and other initiatives, which can result in increased operating expenses and lower net income. if we are unable to negotiate acceptable collective bargaining agreements, our operating expenses could increase significantly as a result of work stoppages, including strikes. additionally, a large portion of our workforce are hourly personnel, and many of these individuals, particularly in our recycling business, are paid at rates related to federal and state minimum wages. increases in minimum wage rates, or the enactment of new wage-related legislation, may significantly increase our labor costs. any of these matters could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the seasonal nature of our business, severe weather events resulting from climate change and event driven special projects cause our results to fluctuate, and prior performance may not be indicative of our future results.
our financial and operating results may fluctuate for many reasons. our operating revenues and volumes typically experience seasonal increases in the summer months, that are reflected in second and third quarter revenues and results of operations. service or operational disruptions caused by severe storms, extended periods of inclement weather or climate events can significantly affect the operating results of the geographic areas affected. extreme weather events may also lead to supply chain disruption and delayed project development, or disruption of our customers' businesses, reducing the amount of waste generated by their operations. conversely, certain destructive weather and climate conditions, such as wildfires in the western u.s. and hurricanes that most often impact our operations in the southern and eastern u.s. during the second half of the year, can increase our revenues in the geographic areas affected as a result of the waste volumes generated by these events. while weather-related and other event-driven special projects can boost revenues through additional work for a limited time, due to significant start-up costs and other factors, such revenue can generate earnings at comparatively lower margins. for these and other reasons, operating results in any period may not be indicative of operating results for any other period. our stock price may be negatively impacted by interim variations in our results.
we may not be able to achieve our sustainability related goals, including reduction of our greenhouse gas ("ghg") emissions, or execute on our sustainability-related growth strategy and initiatives, within planned timelines or anticipated budget, which could damage our reputation and negatively impact the benefits anticipated from our investments.
consistent with our company's long-standing commitment to sustainability and environmental stewardship, we have set goals to reduce our ghg emissions and announced other sustainability-related goals and initiatives. we may not be able to meet such goals or implement such initiatives in the manner or on timelines contemplated due to challenges including, but not limited to, unforeseen costs or delays, supply chain disruptions, regulatory impacts, technology limitations or technical difficulties associated with achieving such goals. also, despite voluntarily announcing such sustainability goals, we may receive pressure from investors or other groups to adopt more aggressive sustainability-related goals that may not be technically, operationally, or financially feasible.
in addition, our sustainability growth strategy includes significant planned investments in our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments. our ability to successfully execute our sustainability growth strategy may be impacted by the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our business and the environmental services industry, including financial and operating performance, availability of technology and financing, changes in regulation, commodity price fluctuation and general economic conditions. (also see item 1a. risk factors - our revenues, earnings and cash flows will fluctuate based on changes in commodity prices, and commodity prices for recyclable materials are particularly susceptible to volatility based on macroeconomic conditions and regulations that affect our ability to export products and - our sustainability growth strategy includes significant planned and ongoing investments in our wm renewable energy segment; changes to federal and state renewable fuel policies could affect our financial performance, and such investments may not yield the results anticipated.)
some or all of the expected benefits of our sustainability-related investments and initiatives may not occur within the anticipated time periods or may cost more to achieve than anticipated. an inability to develop, obtain, or scale necessary technology and innovations, and challenges arising from the availability or cost of materials and infrastructure or
24
regulatory approvals or permitting requirements associated with our sustainability investments and initiatives, could impede our ability to execute on our plans and achieve our goals or realize our expected financial performance from these investments. actions we take to achieve these goals and implement our sustainability growth strategy and initiatives, including development and implementation of enhanced technology and reporting systems, will require increased capital expenditures and management focus, which may divert investment and management focus away from other aspects of our business operations.
additionally, favorable expectations regarding potential investment tax credits or other benefits stemming from the inflation reduction act of 2022 ("ira") may not materialize or could fail to meet expectations. recently, the irs issued proposed regulations applicable to the investment tax credits, as expanded by the ira, that could call into question our ability to realize some, or all, of this tax benefit, which would negatively impact financial expectations in connection with our sustainability growth projects in our wm renewable energy segment. see item 1. business - regulation - recent developments and focus areas in policy and regulation - tax legislation. we have also forecasted or projected certain operational and financial information with respect to our sustainability investments and initiatives, and many of these statements are based on expectations and assumptions that are necessarily uncertain and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to be materially different from our forecasts and projections.
focus on, and regulation of, environmental, social and governance ("esg") performance and disclosure can result in increased costs, risk of noncompliance, damage to our reputation and related adverse effects.
there is increasing governmental and stakeholder interest in esg matters. in addition, the nature, scope, and complexity of the matters that our company must assess, quantify and disclose are expanding due to current, proposed, and recently enacted federal and state reporting requirements related to climate-related risks and other topics, such as water usage, waste production, labor, human capital, environmental justice, cybersecurity and privacy, and risk oversight. for example, see item 1. business - regulation - recent developments and focus areas in policy and regulation - climate and sustainability for information about california's recently-adopted climate corporate data accountability act and climate-related financial risk act and the sec's proposed climate-related disclosure rule. methodology and timelines for mandatory emissions reporting requirements, such as the recently passed california corporate data accountability act, may be inconsistent with requirements enacted by other governmental entities, including disclosure requirements that are ultimately adopted by the sec, which could further increase costs and divert management time and attention. disclosures related to ghg emissions data or potential climate-related impacts could also negatively affect our reputation to the extent we are perceived as not meeting individual stakeholder climate-related expectations.
our industry faces challenges to implement these rapidly developing disclosure requirements, as well as the risk of enforcement actions by governmental and regulatory agencies for noncompliance. significant expenditures and commitment of time by management, employees and consultants is involved in developing, implementing and overseeing policies, practices, additional disclosures and internal controls related to environmental and sustainability risk and performance. public statements with respect to esg matters are becoming increasingly subject to heightened scrutiny from public and governmental authorities related to the risk of potential "greenwashing," i.e., misleading information or false claims overstating potential esg benefits. we are aware that non-governmental organizations and other private actors have filed lawsuits against certain companies under various securities and consumer protection laws alleging that certain esg-related statements, goals or standards were misleading, false or otherwise deceptive. an inability to implement such policies, practices, and internal controls and maintain compliance with laws and regulations, or a perception among stakeholders that our esg disclosures and sustainability goals are insufficient or our goals are unattainable, could harm our reputation and competitive position and negatively impact our stock price and business performance.
external economic and industry risks market disruption, including labor shortages and supply chain constraints, and macroeconomic pressures, including inflation, have adversely impacted our business and results of operations.
macroeconomic pressures, including inflation and rising interest rates, and market disruption resulting in labor market, supply chain and transportation constraints have impacted our results and are continuing. significant global supply chain disruption has reduced availability of certain assets used in our business, and inflation has increased costs for the goods and services we purchase, particularly for labor, repair and maintenance, and subcontractor costs. supply chain constraints have caused delayed delivery of fleet, steel containers and other purchases. aspects of our business rely on third-party transportation providers, and such services have become more limited and expensive. additionally, the downturn in market prices for recycling commodities that started in the second half of 2022 persisted throughout 2023. the decrease continued
25
to be driven by the slowdown in the global economy, which reduced retail demand and the corresponding need for cardboard packaging to ship retail goods. we may also experience margin pressures from commodity-driven business impacts. the constrained labor market has resulted in increased costs for wage adjustments, overtime hours and training new hires. if we are not able to overcome limitations on labor availability, it could materially impact our ability to service our customers and our financial results. geopolitical conflicts and the resulting international responses have also exacerbated market disruption, leading to volatility in commodity prices, impacts on the availability and cost of energy, and vendor and supplier disruptions across the global supply chain.
accelerated and pronounced economic pressures, such as rising interest rates and inflationary cost pressure on labor and the goods and services we rely upon to deliver service to our customers, have impacted and continue to impact our cost structure and capital expenditures. significant components of our operating expenses vary directly as we experience changes in revenue due to volume and a heightened pace of inflation, and we may not be able to dynamically manage our cost structure in response to such changes. a significant portion of our revenue is tied to a price escalation index with a lookback provision, resulting in a timing lag in our ability to recover increased costs under those contracts during periods of rapid inflation. separately, for many of our customers we provide services under multi-year contracts that can restrict our ability to increase prices and the timing of such increases. our overall strategic pricing efforts are focused on recovering as much of the inflationary cost increases we experience in our business as possible by increasing our average unit rate, but such efforts may not be successful for various reasons including the pace of inflation, operating cost inefficiencies, contractual limitations, and market responses. the inability to adequately increase prices to offset increased costs and inflationary pressures, or otherwise mitigate the impact of these macroeconomic conditions and market disruptions on our business, will increase our costs of doing business and reduce our margins.
the extent and duration of the impact of these labor market, supply chain, transportation and commodity-price challenges are subject to numerous external factors beyond our control, including broader macroeconomic conditions; recessionary fears and/or an economic recession; size, location, and qualifications of the labor pool; wage and price structures; adoption of new or revised regulations; domestic and international political developments, geopolitical conflicts and responses; and supply and demand for recycled materials. if such impacts are prolonged and substantial, they could have a material negative effect on our results of operations.
the environmental services industry is highly competitive, and if we cannot successfully compete in the marketplace, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected.
we encounter intense competition from governmental, quasi-governmental and private sources in all aspects of our operations. we principally compete with large national waste management companies, counties and municipalities that maintain their own waste collection and disposal or recycling operations and regional and local companies of varying sizes and financial resources. the industry also includes companies that specialize in certain discrete areas of waste management, operators of alternative disposal facilities, companies that seek to use parts of the waste stream as feedstock for renewable energy and other by-products, and waste brokers that rely upon haulers in local markets to address customer needs. in recent years, the industry has seen some additional consolidation, though the industry remains intensely competitive. counties and municipalities may have financial competitive advantages because tax revenues are available to them and tax-exempt financing is more readily available to them. also, such governmental units may attempt to impose flow control or other restrictions that would give them a competitive advantage. in addition, some of our competitors may have lower financial expectations, allowing them to reduce their prices to expand sales volume or to win competitively-bid contracts, including large national accounts and exclusive franchise arrangements with municipalities. when this happens, we may lose customers and be unable to execute our pricing strategy, resulting in a negative impact to our revenue growth from yield on base business.
our revenues, earnings and cash flows fluctuate based on changes in commodity prices and may fluctuate substantially without notice in the future.
prices and demand for recyclables fluctuate and are particularly susceptible to volatility based on macroeconomic conditions and regulations. the downturn in market prices for recycling commodities that started in the second half of 2022 continued in 2023. average market prices for single-stream recycled commodities were down 40% in 2023 when compared to the comparable prior year period. decreases in the market prices for recycling commodities resulted in a decrease in recycling revenues attributable to yield of $308 million in 2023 as compared to the prior year period. recycling revenues attributable to yield increased $19 million in 2022 as compared with the prior year period, primarily from higher market prices for recycling commodities in the first half of 2022, before the significant downturn in the second half of 2022.
26
in recent years, new and updated regulations affecting, and in some cases restricting, the international flow of certain recyclables have led to a reduction in export activity for such recyclables, as well as higher quality requirements and higher processing costs. we are making significant planned and ongoing investments in our recycling business to increase automation and reduce labor dependency and address increases in regulatory- and customer-driven quality requirements for commodities. these investments increase our exposure to commodity price fluctuations. additionally, future regulation, tariffs, international trade policies or other initiatives, including regulations addressing climate change or ghg emissions, may impact supply and demand of material, or increase operating costs, which could impact the profitability of our recycling operations. if the company does not effectively manage changes in demand and commodity prices for recycling materials, or if we do not successfully execute our sustainability growth strategy, our investments in recycling infrastructure and technology may not yield the results anticipated.
fluctuation in energy-related prices also affects our business, including recycling of plastics manufactured from petroleum products, and we are currently experiencing commodity-price driven impacts from higher fuel costs. our sustainability growth strategy also includes increased investment in landfill gas-to-energy facilities and expansion of our wm renewable energy segment, which generate and sells credits referred to as rins. rins prices generally respond to regulations enacted by the epa, as well as fluctuations in supply and demand, and have historically been very volatile. additionally, significant variations in the price of biogas, electricity and other energy-related products that are marketed and sold by our landfill gas recovery operations can result in a corresponding impact to our revenue from yield from such operations. expansion of our wm renewable energy segment may introduce additional risks and volatility to our financial performance.
increasing customer preference for alternatives to landfill disposal and bans on certain types of waste could reduce our landfill volumes and cause our revenues and operating results to decline.
our customers are increasingly diverting waste to alternatives to landfill disposal, such as recycling and composting, while also working to reduce the amount of waste they generate. in addition, many state and local governments mandate diversion, recycling and waste reduction at the source and prohibit the disposal of certain types of materials at landfills, such as recyclables (cardboard, bottles and cans), yard waste, food waste and electronics. where organic waste is not banned from disposal in landfills, some large customers such as grocery stores and restaurants are choosing to divert their organic waste from landfills. zero-waste goals (sending no waste to the landfill) have been set by many of the u.s. and canada's largest companies. although such mandates and initiatives help to protect our environment, these developments reduce the volume of waste going to our landfills, which may affect the prices that we can charge for landfill disposal. our landfills currently provide our highest income from operations margins. reducing landfilled organic waste also reduces the amount of landfill gas produced from our landfills, adversely impacting our landfill gas-to-energy facilities. if we are not successful in expanding our service offerings, growing lines of businesses to service waste streams that do not go to landfills, and providing alternative services for customers that wish to reduce waste entirely, then our revenues and operating results may decline. additionally, despite the development of new service offerings and lines of business, it is possible that our revenues and our income from operations margins could be negatively affected due to disposal alternatives.
with a heightened awareness of the global problems caused by plastic waste in the environment, canada and an increasing number of cities and states across the u.s. have passed ordinances banning certain types of plastics from sale or use. the most common materials banned include plastic bags and straws, polystyrene plastic and some types of single use packaging. these bans have increased pressure by manufacturers on our recycling facilities to accept a broader array of materials in curbside recycling and composting programs to alleviate public pressures to ban the sale of those materials. however, there are currently no or limited viable end markets for recycling many of these materials, and inclusion of such materials in our recycling stream increases contamination and operating costs that can negatively affect the results of our recycling operations.
general economic conditions, such as a broad-based economic recession, can directly and adversely affect revenues for environmental services and our income from operations margins.
our business is directly affected by changes in national and general economic factors that are outside of our control, including consumer confidence, inflation, interest rates and access to capital markets. in recent years, many in the financial industry have debated whether the north american economy is likely to enter into a period of economic recession. a weak economy generally results in decreased consumer spending and decreases in volumes of waste generated, which negatively impacts the ability to grow through new business or service upgrades, and may result in customer turnover and reduction in customers' waste service needs. consumer uncertainty and the loss of consumer confidence may also reduce the number
27
and variety of services requested by customers. additionally, a weak market for consumer goods can significantly decrease demand by paper mills for recycled corrugated cardboard used in packaging; such as we have experienced since the second half of 2022, negatively impacting commodity prices and our operating income and cash flows.
a decrease in waste volumes generated results in an increase in competitive pricing pressure; such economic conditions may also interfere with our ability to implement our pricing strategy. many of our contracts have price adjustment provisions that are tied to an index such as the consumer price index, and our costs may increase more than the increase, if any, in the consumer price index. this is partially due to our relatively high fixed-cost structure; we may not be able to dynamically manage our cost structure in response to shifting volume levels and vendor costs, and our cost structure may not correlate with the consumer price index or the waste industry. an economic recession or other economic weakness is likely to negatively impact our revenues and margins.
weakness in the economy may expose us to credit risk of governmental entities and municipalities and other major customers, which could negatively impact our financial results.
we provide service to a number of governmental entities, municipalities, and large national accounts. during periods of economic weakness, governmental entities and municipalities can suffer significant financial difficulties, due in part to reduced tax revenue and/or high cost structures. during these periods, such entities, and our non-governmental customers, could be unable to pay amounts owed to us or renew contracts with us at previous or increased rates.
purchasers of our recycling commodities can be particularly vulnerable to financial difficulties in times of commodity price volatility. the inability of our customers to pay us in a timely manner or to pay increased rates, particularly large national accounts, could negatively affect our operating results.
in addition, the financial difficulties of municipalities could result in a decline in investors' demand for municipal bonds and a correlating increase in interest rates. as of december 31, 2023, we had $1.6 billion of tax-exempt bonds with term interest rate periods that expire within the next 12 months, which is prior to their scheduled maturities. if market dynamics resulted in repricing of our tax-exempt bonds at significantly higher interest rates, we would incur increased interest expenses that may negatively affect our operating results and cash flows.
the company's effective tax rate and tax liability could materially change as a result of the adoption of new tax legislation and other factors.
predominantly all of the company's revenues are generated in the u.s., and changes in u.s. tax laws could materially impact our effective tax rate, financial condition and results of operations. the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act, enacted on december 22, 2017 (the "tax act"), had a significant impact on our effective tax rate, cash tax expenses and net deferred tax liabilities. the tax act reduced the u.s. corporate statutory tax rate and eliminated or limited the deduction of several expenses that were previously deductible, among other things. however, future changes in tax laws could reverse the impacts of the tax act and if ultimately enacted into law, such an increase could materially impact our tax provision, cash tax liability, effective tax rate and net deferred tax liabilities.
significant shortages in diesel fuel supply or increases in diesel fuel prices will increase our operating expenses.
the price and supply of diesel fuel can fluctuate significantly based on international, political and economic circumstances, as well as other factors outside our control, such as actions by oil and gas producers, regional production patterns, weather conditions and environmental concerns. we need diesel fuel to run a significant portion of our collection and transfer trucks and our equipment used in our landfill operations. fuel supply shortages and price increases could substantially increase our operating expenses. regardless of any offsetting surcharge programs, increased operating costs due to higher diesel fuel prices will decrease our income from operations margins.
large-scale disruption of social and commercial activity and financial markets, such as has occurred in the past due to pandemic conditions, may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
major external events, including pandemic conditions that result in large-sale disruption of social and commercial activity, such as business closures and social restrictions, could adversely impact our volumes, costs and operational execution. if such conditions were to be severe, resulting in a broad-based economic slow-down, it may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and hinder our ability to grow our business and execute our business strategy.
28
technology and information security risks developments in technology could trigger a fundamental change in the waste management industry, as waste streams are increasingly viewed as a resource, which may adversely impact volumes at our landfills and our profitability.
our company and others have recognized the value of the traditional waste stream as a potential resource. research and development activities are ongoing to provide disposal alternatives that maximize the value of waste, including using waste as a source for renewable energy and other valuable by-products. we and many other companies are investing in and/or developing these new technologies. it is possible that such investments and technological advancements may reduce the cost of waste disposal or the value of landfill gas recovery to a level below our costs and may reduce the demand for landfill space. as a result, our revenues and margins could be adversely affected due to advancements in disposal alternatives.
if we are not able to develop new service offerings and protect intellectual property or if a competitor develops or obtains exclusive rights to a breakthrough technology, our financial results may suffer.
our existing and proposed service offerings to customers require that we invest in, develop or license, and protect new technologies. our company is increasingly focusing on new technologies that automate and innovate our operations, improve the customer experience and provide alternatives to traditional disposal and maximize the resource value of waste. we are continuing our multi-year commitment to strategic investments in technology that prioritize reduction of labor dependency for certain high-turnover jobs, further digitalize our customer self-service and implement technologies to further enhance the safety, reliability and efficiency of our collection operations. research, development and implementation of enhanced technology often requires significant spending that may divert capital investment away from our traditional business operations. we may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production and/or marketing of new products and services or implementation of technologies in which we have invested or acquired, which may negatively impact our operating results and prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on these investments and acquisitions. further, protecting our intellectual property rights and combating unlicensed copying and use of intellectual property is difficult, and inability to obtain or protect new technologies could impact our services to customers and development of new revenue sources. if a competitor develops or obtains exclusive rights to a "breakthrough technology" that provides a revolutionary change in traditional waste management, or if we have inferior intellectual property to our competitors, our financial results may suffer.
we are increasingly dependent on technology in our operations and if our technology fails, our business could be adversely affected.
we may experience problems with the operation of our current information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, as well as the development and deployment of new information technology systems, that could adversely affect, or even temporarily disrupt, all or a portion of our operations until resolved. inabilities and delays in implementing new systems can also affect our ability to realize projected cost savings or other benefits. significant system failures could impede our ability to timely collect and report financial results in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. in 2022, we implemented a new general ledger accounting system, complementary finance enterprise resource planning system and a human capital management system. these systems increase our utilization of, and dependance on, third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations. employee work-from-home arrangements also increase various technology risks, including potential exposure to cyber incidents, loss of data, fraud, internal control challenges and other disruptions as a consequence of more employees accessing company systems and information remotely in the course of their ordinary work.
in 2023, the world experienced an exponential level of growth in the availability of potential applications of artificial intelligence ("ai"). ai could disrupt certain aspects of our business and evolve use of technology in ways that are not yet known. if we are not able to adapt and effectively incorporate potential advantages of ai in our business, it may negatively impact our ability to compete. on the other hand, if we are not able to effectively manage the risks of ai, including the potential for poor or inconsistent quality, privacy concerns, risks related to automated decision-making, and the potential for exposure of confidential and/or propriety information, we may suffer harm to our results of operation and reputation.
significant cybersecurity incidents negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers, vendors and employees and expose us to increased liability.
substantially all aspects of our business operations rely on digital technology. we use computers, mobile devices, social networking and other online platforms to connect with our employees, customers, vendors, as well as other
29
individuals and third parties. these uses give rise to cybersecurity risks, including security breach, ransomware, espionage, system disruption, theft and/or inadvertent, accidental, unlawful, unauthorized access, loss, alteration, destruction and/or release of information. our business necessitates the processing, collection, use, storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property, including individuals' personal information, private and sensitive employment-related personal information, and financial and strategic information about the company and other businesses. in addition to our own safeguarding efforts, we also rely on third parties to process, collect and store sensitive data, including a payment card industry compliant third party to protect our customers' credit card information.
we are regularly the target of attempted cyber intrusions, and we anticipate continuing to be subject to such attempts as cyber intrusions become increasingly sophisticated and more difficult to predict and protect against. geopolitical conflicts also increase the risk of cyber incidents. as such, we commit substantial resources to continuously monitor and further develop our networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, and address the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events. our security programs and measures do not prevent all intrusions. cyber intrusions require a significant amount of time and effort to assess and remedy, and our incident response efforts may not be effective in all cases. although we believe that the probability of occurrence of a significant cybersecurity incident is less than likely, if such an incident were to occur, the impact on the company could be substantial. the company experienced a cyber intrusion in the first quarter of 2021 that was promptly detected, and the third-party software vulnerability was quickly remediated. there was no impact to the company's operations, services or financial statements. a subsidiary of wmi was named as a defendant in a class action lawsuit related to this incident. the parties have agreed to a settlement that is currently pending final court approval, and such settlement will not have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows; however, assessing and responding to this intrusion required a significant amount of time and management attention. while the magnitude of future cyber intrusions that result in a theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property, or material interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely cannot be predicted, such incidents could result in material business disruption, direct financial loss, negative publicity, brand damage, alleged violation of privacy laws, loss of customers, potential regulatory enforcement or private litigation liability and competitive disadvantage. we maintain insurance for cyber incidents; however, due to policy terms, limits and exclusions, such insurance may not apply in all cases, and it may not be adequate to cover all liabilities incurred.
as the company pursues its strategy to grow through acquisitions and to pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure, the company is also expanding and improving its information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence, utilization of "cloud" computing services, and corresponding exposure to cybersecurity risk. certain new technologies, such as use of autonomous vehicles, remote-controlled equipment, virtual reality, automation and ai, present new and significant cybersecurity safety risks that must be analyzed and addressed before implementation. if we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with acquisitions and new initiatives, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks.
increased state, federal and international laws and regulations related to cybersecurity protections and disclosures will require additional resources for compliance, and any inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address new requirements could subject us to regulatory enforcement, private litigation, public criticism, disrupt our operations, cause us to lose customers, result in additional costs and legal liability, damage our reputation, and otherwise harm our business.
increasing regulatory focus on privacy and data protection issues and expanding laws could negatively impact our business, subject us to criticism and expose us to increased liability.
the legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. we collect, use, share, retain, delete and otherwise process certain personal information and other sensitive information in connection with our operations and providing environmental and other services. we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including gdpr and other international data protection laws, and may become subject to additional pending laws and regulations, that govern the collection, use and other processing of information obtained from individuals, businesses and other third parties. these laws and regulations are inconsistent across jurisdictions and are subject to evolving interpretations. government officials, regulators, privacy advocates and class action attorneys are increasingly scrutinizing how companies collect, process, use, store, share, transmit and destroy personal data. we must continually monitor the development and adoption of, and commit substantial time and resources to comply with, new and emerging laws and regulations and/ or expanded interpretations of existing laws. these laws and regulations provide disclosure and other obligations for businesses that collect personal information,
30
individual rights relating to personal information, collection, use, storage, transmission and other processing requirements, automated decision-making transparency, and potential liability expansion. any inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations, including at newly acquired companies, could subject us to regulatory enforcement, private litigation, public criticism, business disruption, loss of customers, additional costs and legal liability, reputational damage, and other harm.
legal, regulatory and compliance risks our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations that may result in significant liabilities.
there is risk of incurring significant environmental liabilities in the use, treatment, storage, transfer and disposal of waste materials. under applicable environmental laws and regulations, we could be liable if it is alleged that our operations cause environmental damage to our properties or to the property of other landowners, particularly as a result of the contamination of air, drinking water or soil. under current law, we could also be held liable for damage caused by conditions that existed before we acquired the assets or operations involved and for conditions resulting from waste types or compounds previously considered non-hazardous but later determined to present possible threat to public health or the environment. the risks of successor liability and emerging contaminants are of particular concern as we execute our growth strategy, partially through acquisitions, because we may be unsuccessful in identifying and assessing potential liabilities during our due diligence investigations. further, the counterparties in such transactions may be unable to perform their indemnification obligations owed to us. any substantial liability for environmental damage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in the ordinary course of our business, we have in the past, we are currently, and we may in the future, become involved in legal and administrative proceedings relating to land use and environmental laws and regulations. these include proceedings in which governmental entities, private groups or individuals seek to impose liability on us for alleged environmental damage or violation of statutes or desire to revoke or deny permits required for our operations. we generally seek to work with the authorities or other persons involved in these proceedings to resolve any issues raised. if we are not successful, the adverse outcome of one or more of these proceedings could result in, among other things, material increases in our costs or liabilities as well as material charges for asset impairments.
further, we often enter into agreements with landowners imposing obligations on us to meet certain regulatory or contractual conditions upon site closure or upon termination of the agreements. compliance with these agreements inherently involves subjective determinations and may result in disputes, including litigation. costs to remediate or restore the condition of closed sites may be significant.
our sustainability growth strategy includes significant planned and ongoing investments in our wm renewable energy segment; changes to federal and state renewable fuel policies could affect our financial performance, and such investments may not yield the results anticipated.
the primary drivers of renewable fuel development at our landfills are tax policies, such as the recently expanded federal tax credits for rng production and renewable electricity generation, and federal and state incentive programs, such as the federal renewable fuel standard ("rfs") program and the california low carbon fuel standard. at the federal level, oil refiners and importers are required through the rfs program to blend specified volumes of renewable transportation fuels with gasoline or buy credits, referred to as rins, from renewable fuel producers. the company has invested, and continues to invest, in facilities that capture and convert landfill gas into rng, and also works with facilities that capture and convert dairy digester gas into rng, so that we can participate in the program, and the company has stated its intention to grow its asset base to notably increase its rng production by 2026. rins prices generally respond to regulations enacted by the epa, as well as fluctuations in supply and demand. the value of the rins associated with rng is set through a market established by the program, which market has historically been very volatile.
prior to 2022, the epa had promulgated rules on an annual basis establishing refiners' obligations to purchase rng and other cellulosic biofuels under the rfs program, which introduced a level of uncertainty into the renewable fuels and rins market. however, in 2023, the epa issued a highly anticipated rule establishing biofuel blending volumes under the rfs program for compliance years 2023 through 2025. the rule reflected the outsized role of biogas under the program, delivered on many reforms that benefit the solid waste sector, and recognized the continued growth of the market for rng in vehicle applications. however, we cannot be certain that these changes, or the outcome of litigation challenging various
31
aspects of the rule, will ultimately reduce volatility in the rins market or that future rulemakings will be similarly favorable to our business. additionally, the company's sustainability growth strategy is informed by the increased adoption of state and canadian clean fuel standard programs, utility policies, and voluntary market demand for rng in transportation and industrial applications. clean fuel standard programs operate similar to the rfs program in that certain regulated parties purchase credits from fuel producers, including rng producers, to meet their carbon intensity obligations. like rins, clean fuel standard program credit values can fluctuate with policy and market dynamics. changes and volatility in the rfs market or other markets, or changes in the structure of the rfs program or other clean fuel standard programs, can and has impacted the financial performance of the facilities constructed to capture and treat the gas. such changes could impact or alter our projected future investments, and such investments may not yield the results anticipated.
the impact of climate change, and the adoption of climate change legislation or regulations restricting emissions of ghgs, could increase our costs to operate.
we continue to assess the physical risks, such as sea-level rise, catastrophic storms and other extreme weather conditions and long-term shifts in climate patterns, and transition risks, such as regulatory, market, policy, and technology changes, to our operations from the effects of climate change. these risks are expected to be unpredictable and widespread.
although we have made investments to mitigate risk associated with severe storm events, damage to our facilities or disruption of service caused by more frequent or more severe storms associated with climate extremes could negatively impact operating results. we have also identified risk to our assets and our employees associated with drought or water scarcity, flooding, extreme heat and rain events, and fire conditions associated with climate change. for example, wildfires influenced by climate change can damage landfill infrastructure such as gas collection systems, flooding in low-lying areas enhanced by sea level rise can result in greater maintenance expenses at our facilities and service disruption, and more frequent or extreme rain events can erode the protective vegetative caps on our landfills and generate increased volumes of leachate to manage. those areas of the country most prone to these occurrences have protocols in place, or are developing protocols to address these conditions, including employee safety, driver training, and equipment and facility protection protocols. we have incurred and will incur costs to develop and implement these protocols, and these protocols may not be effective in offsetting these risks. additionally, the actions of others in response to climate change effects, such as rolling power blackouts, can result in service disruptions and increase our costs to operate.
our landfill operations emit methane, identified as a ghg. research efforts have demonstrated that observing landfills utilizing a combination of aerial and surface-based technologies has the potential to advance understanding of methane emissions from our sites. meanwhile, a number of legislative and regulatory efforts at the state, provincial, regional and federal levels aim to cap and/or curtail the emission of ghgs to ameliorate the effect of climate change, and otherwise to promote adaptation to climate change, support the transition to a low-carbon economy, and require disclosure of climate-related matters. we continue to monitor these efforts and the potential impacts to our operations. additionally, existing technology presents challenges to our ability to quantify landfill emissions precisely. in 2024, both the epa and environment and climate change canada ("eccc") are expected to evaluate landfill emissions standards that may require the application of various emerging methane measurement technologies. the epa has indicated that methane emissions from landfills will be a focus of its expanded national enforcement and compliance initiatives for 2024 through 2027. both the epa and the eccc also plan to develop methods and standards for advanced measurement technologies. should comprehensive federal climate change legislation be enacted, we expect it could impose operational and compliance costs that might not be offset by the revenue increases associated with our lower-carbon service options, the materiality of which we cannot predict. climate change laws and regulations could also result in increased operational costs or disruption to the business of our customers, potentially impacting our operations and financial condition. we could also experience damage to our reputation and brand, including as a result of a failure or perceived failure to respond responsibly and effectively to changes in legal and regulatory measures adopted to address climate change.
we could be subject to significant fines and penalties, and our reputation could be adversely affected, if our businesses, or third parties with whom we have a relationship, were to fail to comply with u.s. or foreign laws or regulations.
some of our projects and new business may be conducted in countries where corruption has historically been prevalent. it is our policy to comply with all applicable anti-bribery laws, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, and with applicable local laws of the foreign countries in which we operate, and we monitor our local partners' compliance with such laws as well. our reputation may be adversely affected if we were reported to be associated with corrupt practices
32
or if we or our local partners failed to comply with such laws. additionally, violations of such laws could subject us to significant fines and penalties.
currently pending or future litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements.
as a large company with operations across the u.s. and canada, we are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits, disputes and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business, including governmental proceedings. actions that have been filed against us, and that may be filed against us in the future, include personal injury, property damage, commercial, customer, and employment-related claims, including purported state and national class action lawsuits related to:
●   alleged environmental contamination, including releases of hazardous materials and odors;

●   sales and marketing practices, customer service agreements, prices and fees; and

●   federal and state wage and hour and other laws.

the timing of the final resolutions to these types of matters is often uncertain. additionally, the possible outcomes or resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial payments, adversely affecting our liquidity.
financial risks our capital requirements and our business strategy could increase our expenses, cause us to change our growth and development plans, or result in an inability to maintain our desired credit profile.
if economic conditions or other risks and uncertainties cause a significant reduction in our cash flows from operations, we may reduce or suspend capital expenditures, growth and acquisition activity, implementation of our business strategy, dividend declarations or share repurchases. we may choose to incur indebtedness to pay for these activities, although our access to capital markets is not assured and we may not be able to incur indebtedness at a cost that is consistent with current borrowing rates. we also may need to incur indebtedness to refinance scheduled debt maturities, and it is possible that the cost of financing could increase significantly, thereby increasing our expenses and decreasing our net income. macroeconomic pressures, including inflation and rising interest rates, and market disruption are continuing. the u.s. government's decisions regarding its debt ceiling and the possibility that the u.s. could default on its debt obligations may cause further interest rate increases, disrupt access to capital markets and trigger recessionary conditions. further, our ability to execute our financial strategy and our ability to incur indebtedness is somewhat dependent upon our ability to maintain investment grade credit ratings on our senior debt. the credit rating process is contingent upon our credit profile and several other factors, many of which are beyond our control, including methodologies established and interpreted by third-party rating agencies. if we were unable to maintain our investment grade credit ratings in the future, our interest expense would increase and our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms could be adversely affected. we have $2.5 billion of debt as of december 31, 2023 that is exposed to changes in market interest rates within the next 12 months, associated with our commercial paper borrowings and tax-exempt bonds. if interest rates increase, our interest expense would also increase, lowering our net income and decreasing our cash flow.
we may use our $3.5 billion long-term u.s. and canadian revolving credit facility ("$3.5 billion revolving credit facility") to meet our cash needs, to the extent available, until maturity in may 2027. as of december 31, 2023, we had no outstanding borrowings under this facility. we had $859 million of outstanding borrowings (net of related discount on issuance) under our commercial paper program and $180 million of letters of credit issued, both supported by this facility, leaving unused and available credit capacity of $2.5 billion as of december 31, 2023. in the event of a default under our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility we could be required to immediately repay all outstanding borrowings and make cash deposits as collateral for all obligations the facility supports, which we may not be able to do. additionally, any such default could cause a default under many of our other credit agreements and debt instruments. without waivers from lenders party to those agreements, any such default would have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate.
we have substantial financial assurance and insurance requirements and increases in the costs of obtaining adequate financial assurance, or the inadequacy of our insurance coverages, could negatively impact our liquidity and increase our liabilities.
the amount of insurance we are required to maintain for environmental liability is governed by statutory requirements. we also carry a broad range of other insurance coverages that are customary for a company our size. to the extent our obligations for claims are more than we estimated, our insurance coverage is inadequate to cover our obligations, or our
33
insurers are unable to meet their obligations, the requirement that we pay such obligations could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
in addition, to fulfill our financial assurance obligations with respect to variable-rate tax-exempt debt, and final capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation obligations, we generally obtain letters of credit or surety bonds, rely on insurance, including captive insurance, fund trust and escrow accounts or rely upon wmi financial guarantees. our financial position, which can be negatively affected by asset impairments, our credit profile and general economic factors, may increase the cost of our current financial assurance instruments, and changes in regulations may impose stricter requirements on the types of financial assurance that will be accepted. in the event we are unable to obtain sufficient surety bonding, letters of credit or third-party insurance coverage at reasonable cost, or one or more states cease to view captive insurance as adequate coverage, we would need to rely on other forms of financial assurance. it is possible that we could be required to deposit cash to collateralize certain obligations, which could negatively impact our liquidity.
we may record material charges against our earnings due to impairments to our assets.
events that have in the past and may in the future lead to an impairment include, but are not limited to, shutting down a facility or operation, abandoning a development project, project cost overruns or the denial of an expansion permit. additionally, declining waste volumes and development of, and customer preference for, alternatives to traditional waste disposal could warrant asset impairments. if we determine an asset or expansion project is impaired, we will charge against earnings any unamortized capitalized expenditures and advances relating to such asset or project reduced by any portion of the capitalized costs that we estimate will be recoverable, through sale or otherwise. we also carry a significant amount of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheets, which is required to be assessed for impairment annually, and more frequently in the case of certain triggering events. we have in the past and may in the future be required to incur charges against earnings if such impairment tests indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. any such charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we could face significant liabilities for withdrawal from multiemployer pension plans.
we are a participating employer in a number of trustee-managed multiemployer defined benefit pension plans ("multiemployer pension plans") for employees who are covered by collective bargaining agreements. in the event of our withdrawal from a multiemployer pension plan, we may incur expenses associated with our obligations for unfunded vested benefits at the time of the withdrawal. depending on various factors, including potential legislative changes, future withdrawals could have a material adverse effect on results of operations or cash flows for a particular reporting period, and our ongoing costs of participation in multiemployer pension plans may increase. see notes 9 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to our participation in multiemployer pension plans.
34
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
this section includes a discussion of our results of operations for the three years ended december 31, 2023. this discussion may contain forward-looking statements. see "cautionary statement about forward-looking statements" in part i of this annual report on form 10-k for more information. forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or anticipated results. these risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in part i, "item 1a. risk factors" and elsewhere in this report and may also be described from time to time in our future reports filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission ("sec"). the following discussion should be read considering those disclosures and together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto.
overview we are north america's leading provider of comprehensive environmental solutions, providing services throughout the united states ("u.s.") and canada. we partner with our customers and the communities we serve to manage and reduce waste at each stage from collection to disposal, while recovering valuable resources and creating clean, renewable energy. we own or operate the largest network of landfills throughout the u.s. and canada. in order to make disposal more practical for larger urban markets, where the distance to landfills is typically farther, we manage transfer stations that consolidate, compact and transport waste efficiently and economically. our solid waste business is operated and managed locally by our subsidiaries that focus on distinct geographic areas and provide collection, transfer, disposal, recycling and resource recovery services. through our subsidiaries, including our waste management renewable energy ("wm renewable energy") business, we are also a leading developer, operator and owner of landfill gas-to-energy facilities in the u.s. and canada that produce renewable electricity and renewable natural gas, which is a significant source
38
of fuel that we allocate to our natural gas fleet. additionally, we are a leading recycler in the u.s. and canada, handling materials that include paper, cardboard, glass, plastic and metal.
to enhance transparency regarding our financial performance, highlight the strength and consistency of our core solid waste businesses, and underscore our commitment to sustainability through planned and ongoing investments in our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy businesses, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, our senior management revised its segment reporting to (i) reflect the financial results of our collection, transfer, disposal and resource recovery service businesses independently; (ii) combine the results of all recycling facilities from our east and west tier segments with our recycling brokerage and sales activities to form a newly created recycling processing and sales reportable segment and (iii) include our wm renewable energy business as a reportable segment. accordingly, our senior management now evaluates, oversees and manages the financial performance of our business through four reportable segments, referred to as (i) collection and disposal east tier ("east tier"); (ii) collection and disposal - west tier ("west tier"); (iii) recycling processing and sales and (iv) wm renewable energy. our east and west tiers along with certain ancillary services not managed through our tier segments, but that support our collection and disposal operations, form our "collection and disposal" businesses.
collection and disposal our collection and disposal businesses provide integrated environmental services, including collection, transfer, disposal and resource recovery services. we evaluate our collection and disposal businesses primarily through two geographic segments, east tier and west tier. our east tier primarily consists of geographic areas located in the eastern u.s., the great lakes region and substantially all of canada. our west tier primarily includes geographic areas located in the western u.s., including the upper midwest region, and british columbia, canada. additionally, we provide certain ancillary services ("other ancillary") that are not managed through the tier segments but that support our collection and disposal operations. other ancillary includes specialized services performed for customers that have differentiated needs. these specialized services are targeted at large industrial customers managed through our sustainability and environmental solutions ("ses") business or geographically dispersed customers managed through our strategic business solutions ("wmsbs") business. also included within other ancillary are the results of non-operating entities that provide financial assurance and self-insurance support for our business, net of intercompany activity.
our collection and disposal businesses' operating revenues are primarily generated from fees charged for our collection, transfer, disposal and resource recovery services. revenues from our collection operations are influenced by factors such as collection frequency, type of collection equipment furnished, type and volume or weight of the waste collected, distance to the disposal facility or recycling facility and our disposal costs. revenues from our landfill operations consist of tipping fees, which are generally based on the type and weight or volume of waste being disposed of at our disposal facilities. fees charged at transfer stations are generally based on the weight or volume of waste deposited, considering our cost of loading, transporting and disposing of the solid waste at a disposal site.
included within our collection and disposal businesses are landfills having (i) 21 third-party power generating facilities converting our landfill gas to fuel electricity generators; (ii) 14 third-party renewable natural gas ("rng") facilities processing landfill gas to be sold to natural gas suppliers and (iii) two third-party projects delivering our landfill gas by pipeline to industrial customers as a direct substitute for fossil fuels in industrial processes. in return for providing our landfill gas, we receive royalties from each facility, including the benefit of a 15% royalty from our wm renewable energy segment based on net operating revenue generated through the sale of rng, renewable identification numbers ("rins"), electricity and capacity, renewable energy credits ("recs") and related environmental attributes from the 83 landfill beneficial use renewable energy projects owned by wm renewable energy on our active landfills, which is eliminated in consolidation.
recycling processing and sales our recycling processing and sales segment includes the processing and sales of materials collected from residential, commercial and industrial customers. the materials are delivered to and processed at one of our many recycling facilities. through our brokerage business, we also manage the marketing of recycling commodities that are processed in our facilities and by third parties by maintaining comprehensive service centers that continuously analyze market prices, logistics, market demands and product quality.
39
recycling processing and sales revenues generally consist of tipping fees and the sale of recycling commodities to and/or on behalf of third parties. our recycling processing and sales segment excludes the collection of recycled materials from our residential, commercial, and industrial customers which is included within our collection and disposal businesses.
wm renewable energy our wm renewable energy segment develops, operates and promotes projects for the beneficial use of landfill gas. landfill gas is produced naturally as waste decomposes in a landfill. the methane component of the landfill gas is a readily available, renewable energy source that can be gathered and used beneficially as an alternative to fossil fuel. wm renewable energy converts landfill gas into several sources of renewable energy to be sold which include rng, electricity and capacity, heat and/or steam. wm renewable energy also generates and sells (i) rins under the renewable fuel standard ("rfs") program; (ii) other credits under a variety of state programs associated with the use of rng in our compressed natural gas fleet and (iii) recs associated with the production of electricity. the rins, recs, and other credits are sold to counterparties who are obligated under the regulatory programs and have a responsibility to procure rins, recs, and other credits proportionate to their fossil fuel production and imports. rins and recs prices generally fluctuate in response to regulations enacted by the environmental protection agency ("epa") or other regulatory bodies, as well as changes in supply and demand.
as of december 31, 2023, we had 92 landfill gas beneficial use projects producing commercial quantities of methane gas at owned or operated landfills. for 66 of these projects, the processed gas is used to fuel electricity generators. the electricity is then sold to public utilities, municipal utilities or power cooperatives. for 20 of these projects, the gas is used at the landfill or delivered by pipeline to industrial customers as a direct substitute for fossil fuels in industrial processes. for six of these projects, the landfill gas is processed to pipeline quality rng and then sold to natural gas suppliers. the revenues from these facilities are primarily generated through the sale of rng, rins, electricity and capacity, recs and related environmental attributes. wm renewable energy is charged a 15% royalty on net operating revenue from these facilities residing on our active and closed landfills from our collection and disposal, and corporate and other businesses, which is eliminated in consolidation. additionally, wm renewable energy operates and maintains 12 third-party landfill beneficial gas use projects in return for service revenue. our collection and disposal and corporate and other businesses benefit from these projects as well as 32 additional third-party landfill beneficial gas use projects in the form of royalties.
corporate and other we also provide additional services that are not managed through our operating segments, which are presented in this report as corporate and other. this includes the activities of our corporate office, including costs associated with our long-term incentive program, expanded service offerings and solutions (such as our investments in businesses and technologies that are designed to offer services and solutions ancillary or supplementary to our current operations) as well as our closed sites. also included within our corporate and other businesses are closed sites that include (i) five third-party power generating facilities converting our landfill gas to fuel electricity generators; (ii) one third-party project delivering our landfill gas by pipeline to industrial customers as a direct substitute for fossil fuels in industrial processes and (iii) one third-party rng processing landfill gas to be sold to natural gas suppliers in return for a royalty. additionally, corporate and other benefits from a 15% royalty from our wm renewable energy segment based on net operating revenue generated through the sale of rng, rins, electricity and capacity, recs and related environmental attributes from the nine landfill beneficial use renewable energy projects owned by wm renewable energy on our closed sites, which is eliminated in consolidation.
included in the fees we charge for our services is our energy surcharge and other charges that are intended to pass through costs to customers.
business environment the waste industry is a comparatively mature and stable industry. however, customers increasingly expect more of their waste materials to be recovered and those waste streams are becoming more complex. in addition, many state and local governments mandate diversion, recycling and waste reduction at the source and prohibit the disposal of certain types
40
of waste at landfills. we monitor these developments to adapt our service offerings. as companies, individuals and communities look for ways to be more sustainable, we promote our comprehensive services that go beyond our core business of collecting and disposing of waste in order to meet their needs. this includes expanding traditional recycling services, increasing organics collection and processing, and expanding our renewable energy projects to meet the evolving needs of our diverse customer base. as north america's leading provider of comprehensive environmental solutions, we are taking big, bold steps to catalyze positive change - change that will impact our company as well as the communities we serve. consistent with our company's long-standing commitment to sustainability and environmental stewardship, we have published our 2023 sustainability report, providing details on our sustainability-related performance and outlining progress towards our 2030 sustainability goals. the sustainability report conveys the strong linkage between the company's sustainability goals and our growth strategy, inclusive of the planned and ongoing expansion of the company's recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments. the information in this report can be found at https://sustainability.wm.com but it does not constitute a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this annual report on form 10-k. for further discussion see item1. business - regulation - recent developments and focus areas in policy and regulation.
we encounter intense competition from governmental, quasi-governmental and private service providers based on pricing, and to a much lesser extent, the nature of service offerings, particularly in the residential line of business. our industry is directly affected by changes in general economic factors, including increases and decreases in consumer spending, business expansions and construction activity. these factors generally correlate to volumes of waste generated and impact our revenue. negative economic conditions and other macroeconomic trends can and have caused customers to reduce their service needs. such negative economic conditions, in addition to competitor actions, can impact our strategy to negotiate, renew, or expand service contracts and grow our business. we also encounter competition for acquisitions and growth opportunities. general economic factors and the market for consumer goods, in addition to regulatory developments, can also significantly impact commodity prices for the recyclable materials we sell. significant components of our operating expenses vary directly as we experience changes in revenue due to volume and inflation. volume changes can fluctuate significantly by line of business and volume changes in higher margin businesses can impact key financial metrics. we must dynamically manage our cost structure in response to volume changes and cost inflation.
we believe the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focus on investing in our people and our digital platform will give the company the necessary tools to address the evolving challenges impacting the company and our industry. in line with our commitment to continuous improvement and a differentiated customer experience, we remain focused on our automation and optimization investments to enhance our operational efficiency and change the way we interact with our customers. advancements made through these initiatives are intended to seamlessly and digitally connect all enterprise functions required to service customers and provide the best experience. in late 2021, we began to execute this technology enablement strategy to automate and optimize certain elements of our service delivery model. the key benefits are to reduce labor dependency on certain high-turnover jobs, particularly in customer experience, recycling and residential collection, while further elevating our customer self-service through digitalization and implementation of technologies to enhance the safety, reliability and efficiency within our collection operations. additionally, in 2022, we implemented a new general ledger accounting system, complementary finance enterprise resource planning system and a human capital management system, which will continue to drive operational and service excellence by empowering our people through a modern, simplified and connected employee experience.
macroeconomic pressures, including inflation and rising interest rates, and market disruption resulting in labor, supply chain and transportation constraints have impacted our results; however, we began to see moderate improvements during the second half of 2023. significant global supply chain disruption has reduced availability of certain assets used in our business, and inflation has increased costs for the goods and services we purchase, particularly for labor, repair and maintenance, and subcontractor costs. supply chain constraints have caused delayed delivery of fleet, steel containers and other purchases. aspects of our business rely on third-party transportation providers, and such services have become more limited and expensive.
with the significant decline in commodity prices that started in the second half of 2022 and has continued into 2023, we are currently experiencing margin pressures from our commodity-driven businesses, specifically within our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments. while still below prices seen at the beginning of 2022, recycling commodity prices began to improve in the fourth quarter of 2023 and while there may be short-term fluctuations in our commodity-driven businesses as prices change, we continue to focus on adjusting our business models
41
to protect against the down-side risk by spreading the inherent risk of changes in commodity prices across the vertically integrated value chain. the extent and duration of the impact of labor, supply chain, transportation and commodity price challenges are subject to numerous external factors beyond our control, including broader macroeconomic conditions; recessionary fears and/or an economic recession; size, location, and qualifications of the labor pool; wage and price structures; adoption of new or revised regulations; geopolitical conflicts and responses and supply and demand for commodities. as we experience inflationary cost pressures, we focus on our pricing efforts, as well as operating efficiencies and cost controls, to maintain our earnings and cash flow and facilitate growth. with these macroeconomic pressures, we remain committed to putting our people first to ensure that they are well positioned to execute our daily operations diligently and safely. we remain focused on delivering outstanding customer service, managing our variable costs with changing volumes and investing in technology that will enhance our customers' experience and provide operating efficiencies intended to reduce our cost to serve.
current year financial results during 2023, we continued to focus on our priorities to advance our strategy-enhancing employee engagement, permanently reducing our cost to serve through the use of technology and automation, and investing in growth through our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments. this strategic focus, combined with strong operational execution, resulted in increased revenue, income from operations and income from operations margin. we remain diligent in offering a competitive and differentiated service that meets the needs of our customers, and we are focused on driving operating efficiencies and reducing discretionary spend. we continue to invest in our people through paying a competitive market wage, investments in our digital platform and training for our team members. we also continue to make investments in automation and optimization to enhance our operational efficiency and improve labor productivity for all lines of business. during 2023, the company allocated $2,895 million of available cash to capital expenditures. we also allocated $2,438 million of available cash to our shareholders during 2023 through dividends and common stock repurchases.
key elements of our 2023 financial results include:
●   revenues of $20,426 million for 2023 compared with $19,698 million in 2022, an increase of $728 million, or 3.7%. the increase is primarily attributable to (i) higher yield in our collection and disposal businesses; (ii) acquisitions, net of divestitures and (iii) increased volumes. these increases were partially offset by commodity price declines in our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments and decreased revenue from our energy surcharge program as a result of a decline in the price of fuel, particularly diesel;

●   operating expenses of $12,606 million in 2023, or 61.7% of revenues, compared with $12,294 million, or 62.4% of revenues, in 2022. the $312 million increase is primarily attributable to (i) inflationary cost pressures, particularly for maintenance and repairs and subcontractor costs and (ii) labor cost pressure from wage increases. these increases were offset, in part, by commodity driven business impacts from lower recycling rebates reflected in costs of goods sold and lower fuel prices;

●   selling, general and administrative expenses of $1,926 million in 2023, or 9.4% of revenues, compared with $1,938 million, or 9.8% of revenues, in 2022. the $12 million decrease was primarily due to (i) reduced professional fees in connection with investments in our digital platform, as certain digital projects have moved from higher cost development activities to implementation activities and (ii) lower annual incentive compensation costs;

●   income from operations of $3,575 million, or 17.5% of revenues, in 2023 compared with $3,365 million, or 17.1% of revenues, in 2022. the increase in the current year earnings was primarily driven by revenue growth within our collection and disposal businesses partially offset by (i) impairments within our recycling processing and sales segment as well as certain investments in our corporate and other operations; (ii) lower market values for rins and (iii) the decline in recycling commodity prices affecting profitability in our recycling processing and sales segment;

●   net income attributable to waste management, inc. was $2,304 million, or $5.66 per diluted share, compared with $2,238 million, or $5.39 per diluted share, in 2022. the increase in income from operations discussed above was partially offset by higher interest and income tax expense;

42
●   net cash provided by operating activities was $4,719 million in 2023, compared with $4,536 million in 2022. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was driven by higher earnings attributable to our collection and disposal businesses and lower income tax payments. this increase was partially offset by (i) unfavorable changes in working capital, net of effects of acquisitions and divestitures; (ii) higher interest payments and (iii) higher incentive compensation payments during 2023; and

●   free cash flow was $1,902 million in 2023, compared with $1,976 million in 2022. the decrease in free cash flow is primarily attributable to the increase in capital spending, primarily driven by our planned and ongoing investments in our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments and higher capital asset purchases in the current year to support our collection and disposal businesses. the decrease was partially offset by the increase in net cash provided by operating activities discussed above and higher proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets. free cash flow is a non-gaap measure of liquidity. refer to free cash flow below for our definition of free cash flow, additional information about our use of this measure, and a reconciliation to net cash provided by operating activities, which is the most comparable gaap measure.

43
results of operations operating revenues the mix of operating revenues for the year ended december 31 are as follows (in millions):

gross               intercompany           net operating           operating              operating revenues            revenues(a)            revenues year ended december 31:
2023
commercial                           $5,801              $(692)                 $5,109
industrial                                   3,836                  (753)               3,083
residential                                  3,474                   (96)               3,378
other collection                             3,006                  (220)               2,786
total collection                            16,117                (1,761)              14,356
landfill                                     4,863                (1,611)               3,252
transfer                                     2,293                (1,036)               1,257
total collection and disposal               23,273                (4,408)              18,865
recycling processing and sales               1,576                  (312)               1,264
wm renewable energy                  276                              (3)       273
corporate and other                             51                   (27)                  24
total                                $25,176             $(4,750)               $20,426
2022
commercial                           $5,450              $(590)                 $4,860
industrial                                   3,681                  (656)               3,025
residential                                  3,339                   (75)               3,264
other collection                             2,683                  (217)               2,466
total collection                            15,153                (1,538)              13,615
landfill                                     4,597                (1,535)               3,062
transfer                                     2,143                  (977)               1,166
total collection and disposal               21,893                (4,050)              17,843
recycling processing and sales               1,760                  (244)               1,516
wm renewable energy                  315                              (3)       312
corporate and other                             50                   (23)                  27
total                                $24,018             $(4,320)               $19,698
2021
commercial                           $4,759              $(476)                 $4,283
industrial                                   3,210                  (524)               2,686
residential                                  3,181                   (36)               3,145
other collection                             2,309                  (179)               2,130
total collection                            13,459                (1,215)              12,244
landfill                                     4,184                (1,434)               2,750
transfer                                     2,023                  (918)               1,105
total collection and disposal               19,666                (3,567)              16,099
recycling processing and sales               1,760                  (232)               1,528
wm renewable energy                  220                 56                     276
corporate and other                             47                   (19)                  28
total                                $21,693             $(3,762)               $17,931
(a)   intercompany operating revenues reflect each segment's total intercompany sales, including intercompany sales within a segment and between segments. transactions within and between segments are generally made on a basis intended to reflect the market value of the service.

44
the following table provides details associated with the period-to-period change in revenues and average yield for the year ended december 31 (dollars in millions):

2023 vs. 2022                                                                       2022 vs. 2021
as a % of                              as a % of                            as a % of                                as a % of related                                total                                related                                      total amount            business(a)           amount           company(b)           amount          business(a)           amount            company(b)
collection and disposal                                             $911              5.4           %                                             $1,025          6.7           %
recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy (c)(d)             (381)       (20.2)                                                      67              3.5
energy surcharge and mandated fees (d)(e)                                 (104)       (9.7)                                                       426             65.6
total average yield (f)                                                                                     $426             2.1          %                                             $1,518                   8.5   %
volume (g)                                                                                                  150              0.8                                                        233                      1.3
internal revenue growth                                                                                            576       2.9                                                              1,751              9.8
acquisitions                                                                                                       186       0.9                                                                 62              0.4
divestitures                                                                                                       (5)       -                                                                 (15)            (0.1)
foreign currency translation                                                                                      (29)       (0.1)                                                             (31)            (0.2)
total                                                                                                       $728             3.7          %                                             $1,767                   9.9   %
(a)   calculated by dividing the increase or decrease for the current year by the prior year's related business revenue adjusted to exclude the impacts of divestitures for the current year.

(b)   calculated by dividing the increase or decrease for the current year by the prior year's total company revenue adjusted to exclude the impacts of divestitures for the current year.

(c)   includes combined impact of commodity price variability in both our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments, as well as changes in certain recycling fees charged by our collection and disposal operations.

(d)   beginning in 2023, the results include changes in our revenue attributable to our wm renewable energy segment. previously these changes in revenue were included in energy surcharges and mandated fees. we have revised our prior year results to conform with the current year presentation.

(e)   our energy surcharge was revised in the second quarter of 2023 to incorporate market prices for both diesel and compressed natural gas ("cng").

(f)   the amounts reported herein represent the changes in our revenue attributable to average yield for the total company.

(g)   includes activities from our corporate and other businesses.

the following provides further details about our period-to-period change in revenues:
average yield collection and disposal average yield - this measure reflects the effect on our revenue from the pricing activities of our collection, transfer and landfill operations, exclusive of volume changes. revenue growth from collection and disposal average yield includes not only base rate changes and environmental and service fee fluctuations, but also (i) certain average price changes related to the overall mix of services, which are due to the types of services provided; (ii) changes in average price from new and lost business and (iii) price decreases to retain customers.
45
the details of our revenue growth from collection and disposal average yield for the year ended december 31 are as follows (dollars in millions):

2023 vs. 2022                     2022 vs. 2021
as a % of                         as a % of related                           related amount          business          amount          business commercial                                   $321               6.5   %        $406               9.2   %
industrial                                    240               7.2             307              10.2
residential                                   191               6.1             185               6.1
total collection                              752               6.3             898               8.2
landfill                                       76               2.7              79               3.1
transfer                                       83               7.5              48               4.5
total collection and disposal                $911               5.4   %      $1,025               6.7   %
our overall pricing efforts are focused on keeping pace with the increasing costs and capital intensity of our business. we are continuing to see growth in our landfill business with our municipal solid waste experiencing average yield of 4.9% in 2023.
recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy - recycling processing and sales revenues attributable to yield decreased $308 million in 2023 and increased $19 million in 2022, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods. with the significant decline in commodity prices that started in the second half of 2022 and has continued into 2023, we are currently experiencing margin pressures from our commodity-driven businesses, specifically within our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments. while still below prices seen at the beginning of 2022, recycling commodity prices began to improve in the fourth quarter of 2023 and while there may be short-term fluctuations in our commodity-driven businesses as prices change, we continue to focus on adjusting our business models to protect against the down-side risk by spreading the inherent risk of changes in commodity prices across the vertically integrated value chain. average market prices for single-stream recycled commodities were down 40% and 10% in 2023 and 2022, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods. during 2023, the revenue decline from lower commodity pricing that started in 2022 was partially offset by higher pricing in our recycling brokerage business as well as our continued focus on a fee-based pricing model. additionally, revenue in our wm renewable energy segment decreased $73 million and increased $48 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods, primarily driven by the fluctuations in energy prices and the value of rins.
energy surcharge and mandated fees - these fees decreased $104 million in 2023 and increased $426 million in 2022, as compared with the prior year periods. beginning in the second quarter of 2023, our energy surcharge was revised to incorporate market prices for both diesel and cng. the decrease in energy surcharge revenues in 2023 is primarily due to a decline of approximately 15% in market prices for diesel fuel as compared to the prior year period. the increase in energy surcharge revenues in 2022 was driven by a 50% increase in diesel fuel in 2022, as compared with the prior year period. the mandated fees are primarily related to fees and taxes assessed by various state, county and municipal government agencies at our landfills and transfer stations. these amounts have not significantly impacted the change in revenue for the periods presented.
volume our revenues from volume (excluding volumes from acquisitions and divestitures) increased $150 million, or 0.8%, and $233 million, or 1.3%, in 2023 and 2022, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods. our collection and disposal businesses volume grew 0.7% and 1.8% in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
our 2023 volume growth has moderated when compared to 2022. special waste volumes at our landfills continue to be a significant driver, primarily due to an increase in event-driven projects. in addition, we saw an increase in our wmsbs volumes. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in temporary industrial collection volumes and the intentional shedding of low-margin residential collection business.
46
acquisitions and divestitures acquisitions and divestitures, primarily in our collection and disposal businesses, resulted in a net increase in revenues of $181 million, or 0.9%, and $47 million, or 0.3%, in 2023 and 2022, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods.
operating expenses our operating expenses are comprised of (i) labor and related benefits costs (excluding labor costs associated with maintenance and repairs discussed below), which include salaries and wages, bonuses, related payroll taxes, insurance and benefits costs and the costs associated with contract labor; (ii) transfer and disposal costs, which include tipping fees paid to third-party disposal facilities and transfer stations; (iii) maintenance and repairs costs relating to equipment, vehicles and facilities and related labor costs; (iv) subcontractor costs, which include the costs of independent haulers who transport waste collected by us to disposal facilities and are affected by variables such as volumes, distance and fuel prices; (v) costs of goods sold, which includes the cost to purchase recycling materials for our recycling processing and sales segment, including certain rebates paid to suppliers; (vi) fuel costs, net of tax credits for alternative fuel, which represent the costs of fuel to operate our truck fleet and landfill operating equipment; (vii) disposal and franchise fees and taxes, which include landfill taxes, municipal franchise fees, host community fees, contingent landfill lease payments and royalties; (viii) landfill operating costs, which include interest accretion on landfill liabilities, interest accretion on and discount rate adjustments to environmental remediation liabilities, leachate and methane collection and treatment, landfill remediation costs and other landfill site costs; (ix) risk management costs, which include general liability, automobile liability and workers' compensation claims programs costs and (x) other operating costs, which include gains and losses on sale of assets, telecommunications, equipment and facility lease expenses, property taxes, utilities and supplies. variations in volumes year-over-year, as discussed above in operating revenues, in addition to cost inflation, affect the comparability of the components of our operating expenses.
the following table summarizes the major components of our operating expenses for the year ended december 31 (dollars in millions and as a percentage of revenues):

2023                              2022                              2021
labor and related benefits                       $3,669        18.0   %            $3,452        17.5   %            $3,223        18.0   %
transfer and disposal costs                       1,273         6.2                 1,215         6.2                 1,161         6.5
maintenance and repairs                           1,978         9.7                 1,835         9.3                 1,596         8.9
subcontractor costs                               2,185        10.7                 2,006        10.2                 1,766         9.9
cost of goods sold                                  769         3.8                   973         4.9                   936         5.2
fuel                                                501         2.4                   592         3.0                   393         2.2
disposal and franchise fees and taxes               736         3.6                   720         3.7                   698         3.9
landfill operating costs                            453         2.2                   421         2.1                   412         2.3
risk management                                     320         1.6                   348         1.8                   344         1.9
other                                               722         3.5                   732         3.7                   582         3.2
$12,606        61.7   %           $12,294        62.4   %           $11,111        62.0   %
our operating expenses increased in 2023, as compared with 2022, primarily due to (i) inflationary cost pressures, particularly for maintenance and repairs and subcontractor costs and (ii) labor cost pressure from frontline employee market wage adjustments. these increases were offset, in part, by commodity-driven business impacts, particularly from lower recycling rebates reflected in costs of goods sold and lower fuel prices. we continue to focus on operating efficiency and efforts to control our costs, which along with revenue growth, enabled us to improve operating costs as a percent of revenues in 2023 as compared with 2022.
our operating expenses increased in 2022, as compared with 2021, primarily due to (i) inflationary cost pressures, particularly for maintenance and repairs and subcontractor costs; (ii) commodity-driven business impacts from higher fuel and recycling prices and (iii) labor cost pressure from frontline employee wage adjustments. these impacts were partially offset by our continued focus on operating efficiency and efforts to control costs as volumes grow.
47
significant items affecting the comparison of operating expenses between reported periods include:
labor and related benefits - the increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2023, as compared with 2022, was primarily driven by (i) employee market wage adjustments; (ii) increased headcount primarily from acquisitions and (iii) increases in health and welfare costs and in medical care activity. these increases were offset, in part, by lower annual incentive compensation. the increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2022, as compared with 2021, was largely driven by (i) proactive market wage adjustments to hire and retain talent; (ii) annual merit and annual incentive compensation cost increases and (iii) increases in health and welfare costs attributable to our investment in delivering a leading benefits program for our employees and increases in medical care activity.
transfer and disposal costs - the increase in transfer and disposal costs in 2023, as compared with 2022, was primarily due to inflationary cost increases, which includes increased disposal fees at third-party sites and higher rates from our third-party haulers, offset, in part, by a decrease in collection volumes. the increase in transfer and disposal costs in 2022, as compared with 2021, was largely driven by inflationary cost increases, which includes increased disposal fees at third-party sites and higher fuel from our third-party haulers, offset, in part, by decreases in residential collection and transfer volume.
maintenance and repairs - the increase in maintenance and repairs costs in 2023, as compared with 2022, was primarily driven by (i) continued inflationary cost increases for parts, supplies and third-party services, although the impact of such inflationary cost increases moderated throughout the year and (ii) labor cost increases for our technicians, including additional headcount. the increase in maintenance and repairs costs in 2022, as compared with 2021, was largely driven by (i) inflationary cost increases for parts, supplies and third-party services; (ii) additional fleet maintenance driven by supply chain constraints, which have delayed deliveries of new trucks; (iii) labor cost increases for our technicians, including higher overtime; (iv) increased building maintenance costs including improvements to facilities and (v) an increase in container repairs driven by delays in delivery of steel containers due to supply chain constraints.
subcontractor costs - the increase in subcontractor costs in 2023, as compared with 2022, was primarily due to (i) an increase in volumes in our wmsbs and ses businesses, which rely more extensively on subcontracted hauling and services than other parts of our collection and disposal businesses and (ii) continued inflationary cost increases, particularly labor and other costs from third-party haulers. the increase in subcontractor costs in 2022, as compared with 2021, was largely driven by (i) inflationary cost increases, particularly for fuel and labor costs from third-party haulers and (ii) an increase in volumes in our wmsbs business, which relies more extensively on subcontracted hauling than other parts of our collection and disposal businesses.
cost of goods sold - the decrease in cost of goods sold in 2023, as compared with 2022, was primarily driven by a 40% decrease in average single-stream recycling commodity prices. the increase in cost of goods sold in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily driven by all-time high recycling commodity pricing in the first half of the year offset, in part, by the historically low pricing through the second half of the year that persisted into 2023.
fuel - the decrease in fuel costs in 2023, as compared with 2022, was primarily due to a decrease of approximately 15% in average market prices for diesel fuel. the approximate 50% increase in fuel costs in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily due to increases in market diesel and natural gas fuel prices as compared to the prior year.
disposal and franchise fees and taxes - the increase in disposal and franchise fees and taxes in 2023, as compared with 2022, was primarily driven by an overall rate increase in fees and taxes paid to municipalities on our disposal volumes. the increase in disposal and franchise fees and taxes in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily driven by higher franchise fees, driven by an increase in landfill volumes, paid to certain municipalities where we operate and overall rate increases in our fees and taxes paid on our disposal volumes.
landfill operating costs - the increase in landfill operating costs in 2023, as compared with 2022, was primarily due to (i) higher expenses for interest accretion on landfill and environmental remediation liabilities and (ii) an increase in remediation expense due to changes in measurement of certain environmental remediation obligations. our measurement of these balances includes application of a risk-free discount rate, which is based on the rate for u.s. treasury bonds. in 2023, the u.s treasury bond rate remained flat versus a significant increase in 2022, which decreased our remediation
48
expense in 2022. our landfill operating costs increased in 2022, as compared with 2021, primarily due to increases in methane and leachate management costs.
risk management - the decrease in risk management in 2023, as compared with 2022, was primarily due to lower levels of large loss claims. risk management costs increased slightly in 2022, as compared with 2021, primarily due to inflation in premiums and a stable level of large loss claims.
other - other operating costs decreased in 2023, as compared with 2022, primarily due to (i) supply chain rebates in 2023 and (ii) a favorable litigation settlement, which were offset, in part, by (i) inflationary cost pressures, although the impact of such continued inflationary cost increases moderated throughout the year; (ii) higher utility costs at our facilities; (iii) an increase in business travel and (iv) higher equipment rental costs. other operating cost increases in 2022, as compared with 2021, were primarily due to (i) inflationary cost pressures; (ii) higher equipment rental costs attributable, in part, to supply chain constraints slowing normal course fleet and equipment orders; (iii) higher utility costs at our facilities and (iv) an increase in business travel in 2022. additionally, a favorable litigation settlement in 2021 impacted the comparison. net gains on sales of certain assets during each year also impacted the comparability of the reported periods.
selling, general and administrative expenses our selling, general and administrative expenses consist of (i) labor and related benefits costs, which include salaries, bonuses, related insurance and benefits, contract labor, payroll taxes and equity-based compensation; (ii) professional fees, which include fees for consulting, legal, audit and tax services; (iii) provision for bad debts, which includes allowances for uncollectible customer accounts and collection fees and (iv) other selling, general and administrative expenses, which include, among other costs, facility-related expenses, voice and data telecommunication, advertising, bank charges, computer costs, travel and entertainment, rentals, postage and printing. in addition, the financial impacts of litigation reserves generally are included in our "other" selling, general and administrative expenses.
the following table summarizes the major components of our selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31 (dollars in millions and as a percentage of revenues):

2023                          2022                          2021
labor and related benefits          $1,205       5.9   %          $1,195       6.1   %          $1,215        6.8   %
professional fees                      228       1.1                 268       1.4                 228        1.3
provision for bad debts                 56       0.3                  50       0.2                  37        0.2
other                                  437       2.1                 425       2.1                 384        2.1
$1,926       9.4   %          $1,938       9.8   %          $1,864       10.4   %
selling, general and administrative expenses in 2023, as compared with 2022, decreased primarily due to (i) reduced professional fees in connection with investments in our digital platform, as certain digital projects have moved from higher cost development activities to implementation activities, and (ii) lower annual incentive compensation costs. these decreases were partially offset by annual wage increases and increased litigation costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses in 2022, as compared with 2021, increased primarily due to (i) strategic investments in our digital platform, including those that support our ongoing sustainability initiatives; (ii) higher annual incentive compensation costs and merit increases for our employees; (iii) increased business travel and entertainment expense and (iv) an increase in provision for bad debts, partially offset by (i) lower long-term incentive compensation costs; (ii) market adjustments for deferred compensation plans related to investment performance and (iii) lower litigation costs.
the effective management of our costs resulted in a significant reduction in our selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues when compared with each of the prior year periods. partially offsetting these reductions are annual merit increases and increased litigation costs.
49
significant items affecting the comparison of our selling, general and administrative expenses between reported periods include:
labor and related benefits - the increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2023, as compared with 2022, was primarily related to (i) annual wage increases for our employees; (ii) market adjustments for deferred compensation plans related to investment performance and (iii) higher long-term incentive compensation costs, partially offset by lower annual incentive compensation costs and lower contract labor expenses. the decrease in labor and related benefits costs in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily due to (i) lower long-term incentive compensation costs; (ii) reductions in contract labor and (iii) market adjustments for deferred compensation plans related to investment performance, partially offset by higher annual incentive compensation and annual merit increases for our employees.
professional fees - the decrease in professional fees in 2023, as compared with 2022, was primarily attributable to reduced expenses in connection with investments in our digital platform, as certain digital projects have moved from higher cost development activities to implementation activities. the increase in professional fees in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily driven by strategic investments in our digital platform, including those that support our ongoing sustainability initiatives, partially offset by lower acquisition and integration costs.
provision for bad debts - the increase in provision for bad debts in 2023, as compared with 2022, was primarily related to an increase in revenue and customer-specific provisions required for bankruptcies of two of our wmsbs customers. the increase in provision for bad debts in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily related to (i) increased revenue; (ii) increased collection risk with certain customers and (iii) favorable adjustments to our reserves taken in 2021 as a result of improvement in customer account collections.
other - the increase in other expenses in 2023, as compared with 2022, was primarily related to (i) increased litigation costs; (ii) increased bank charges and (iii) higher advertising spend, which were partially offset by lower travel expenses and lower telecommunication costs. the increase in other expenses in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily driven by costs associated with technology infrastructure to support our strategic investments in our digital platform and an increase in business travel and entertainment expense, partially offset by lower litigation costs.
depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses the following table summarizes the components of our depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses for the year ended december 31 (dollars in millions and as a percentage of revenues):

2023                           2022                           2021
depreciation of tangible property and equipment          $1,197        5.9   %          $1,155        5.9   %          $1,125        6.2   %
depletion of landfill airspace                              745        3.6                 754        3.8                 731        4.1
amortization of intangible assets                           129        0.6                 129        0.6                 143        0.8
$2,071       10.1   %          $2,038       10.3   %          $1,999       11.1   %
the increase in depreciation of tangible property and equipment in 2023, as compared with 2022, was mainly influenced by strategic investments in our digital platform and investments in capital assets to service our customers, such as machinery and containers. the decrease in depletion of landfill airspace in 2023, as compared with 2022, was primarily driven by reductions in volume partially offset by the reopening of a previously closed site in our east tier.
the increase in depreciation of tangible property and equipment in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily driven by investments in capital assets, including containers to service our customers and strategic investments in our digital platform. the increase in depletion of landfill airspace in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily driven by changes in depletion rates from revisions in landfill cost estimates and increased volumes at our landfills, partially offset by a prior year charge due to management's decision to close a landfill in our west tier earlier than expected, resulting in the acceleration of the timing of capping, closure, and post-closure activities. the decrease in amortization of intangible assets in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily driven by the amortization of acquired intangible assets from the acquisition of advanced disposal services, inc.
50
(gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net the following table summarizes the major components of (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net for the year ended december 31 (in millions):

2023                   2022          2021
gain from divestitures, net              $-          $(5)       $(44)
asset impairments                       275            50       8
other, net                             (32)            17       20
$243           $62       $(16)
during the year ended december 31, 2023, we recognized $243 million of net charges primarily consisting of (i) a $168 million goodwill impairment charge within our recycling processing and sales segment related to a business engaged in accelerating film and plastic wrap recycling capabilities, with $22 million attributable to noncontrolling interests. this charge was partially offset by the recognition of $46 million of income related to the reversal of a liability for contingent consideration associated with our investment in such business; (ii) $107 million of impairment charges within corporate and other for certain investments in waste diversion technology businesses and (iii) a $17 million charge within corporate and other to adjust an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary's estimated potential share of the liability for a proposed environmental remediation plan at a closed site. refer to notes 5 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, we recognized $62 million of net charges consisting of (i) $50 million of asset impairment charges primarily related to management's decision to close two landfills within our east tier and (ii) a $17 million charge pertaining to reserves for loss contingencies within corporate and other to adjust an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary's estimated potential share of the liability for a proposed environmental remediation plan at a closed site, as discussed in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. these losses were partially offset by a $5 million gain from the divestiture of a collection and disposal operation in our west tier.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, we recognized net gains of $16 million primarily consisting of (i) a $35 million pre-tax gain from the recognition of cumulative translation adjustments on the divestiture of certain non-strategic canadian operations in our east tier and (ii) an $8 million gain from divestitures of certain ancillary operations within our collection and disposal businesses. these gains were partially offset by (i) a $20 million charge pertaining to reserves for loss contingencies within corporate and other and (ii) $8 million of asset impairment charges primarily related to our wm renewable energy segment.
see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the accounting policy and analysis involved in identifying and calculating impairments. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the impact of impairments on the results of operations of our reportable segments.
51
income from operations the following table summarizes income from operations for the year ended december 31 (dollars in millions):

period-to-                                         period-to-
period                                             period
2023                    change                     2022                    change                    2021
collection and disposal:
east tier                            $2,446              $268         12.3          %   $2,178              $223        11.4          %   $1,955
west tier                                    2,383              201        9.2                  2,182             243          12.5               1,939
other ancillary                                (8)              (8)        *                        -       18                    *                (18)
collection and disposal                      4,821       461          10.6                      4,360       484         12.5                      3,876
recycling processing and sales                (44)            (172)        *                      128            (89)        (41.0)                 217
wm renewable energy                  79                        (53)        (40.2)       132                 24          22.2              108
corporate and other                        (1,281)             (26)        2.1                (1,255)            (19)           1.5             (1,236)
total (a)                            $3,575              $210         6.2           %   $3,365              $400        13.5          %   $2,965
percentage of revenues                        17.5   %                                           17.1   %                                          16.5   %
* percentage change does not provide a meaningful comparison.
(a)   from time to time, the operating results of our reportable segments are significantly affected by certain transactions or events that management believes are not indicative or representative of our results.

collection and disposal - the most significant items affecting the results of operations of our collection and disposal businesses during the three years ended december 31, 2023 are summarized below:
●   income from operations in our collection and disposal businesses increased in 2023, as compared with 2022, primarily due to revenue growth in our collection and disposal operations driven by both yield and volume. this increase was partially offset by (i) inflationary cost pressures, particularly for maintenance and repairs and subcontractor costs and (ii) labor cost pressure from frontline employee market wage adjustments.

●   income from operations in our collection and disposal businesses increased in 2022, as compared with 2021, primarily due to revenue growth in our collection and disposal operations driven by both yield and volume. this increase was partially offset by (i) inflationary cost pressures; (ii) labor cost increases from frontline employee wage adjustments and (iii) divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items discussed below in (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net, that impacted our east tier results.

recycling processing and sales - income from operations in our recycling processing and sales segment decreased in 2023, as compared with 2022, primarily due to (i) a $168 million goodwill impairment charge, with $22 million attributable to noncontrolling interests, which was partially offset by the recognition of $46 million of income related to the reversal of contingent consideration, as discussed above in (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net; (ii) a decline in recycling commodity prices; (iii) lower revenue resulting from the temporary shutdown of facilities for technology upgrades combined with increased costs associated with the transportation and third-party tip fees for processing recyclables and (iv) startup costs linked to the establishment of a new processing facility. income from operations in our recycling processing and sales segment decreased in 2022, as compared with 2021, primarily due to the decline in recycling commodity prices.
wm renewable energy - income from operations in our wm renewable energy segment decreased in 2023, as compared with 2022, primarily due to (i) lower energy prices and the value of rins and (ii) increased operating and selling, general and administrative costs associated with the construction of new projects to increase the beneficial use of landfill gas. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in volume of rfs credits, electricity and natural gas. income from operations in our wm renewable energy segment increased in 2022, as compared with 2021, primarily due to higher market values for rins credits.
corporate and other - income from operations in corporate and other decreased in 2023, as compared with 2022, primarily due to non-cash impairment charges for certain investments as discussed above in (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net. income from operations in corporate and other decreased in 2022, as
52
compared with 2021, primarily due to strategic investments in our digital platform and sustainability initiatives, partially offset by lower acquisition and integration related costs.
interest expense, net our interest expense, net was $500 million, $378 million and $365 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the increase in interest expense, net for 2023 is primarily related to an increase in our weighted average borrowing rate of approximately 80 basis points due to increased rates on floating-rate debt and higher fixed rates on refinancing as well as an increase in average debt balances to fund growth. to mitigate the impact of increasing interest rates and to provide certainty in cost, we elected to replace certain floating-rate debt, specifically our $1.0 billion two-year, u.s. term credit agreement ("term loan") and commercial paper borrowings, with longer-term, fixed-rate debt through our senior notes issuances as discussed within liquidity and capital resources below. the increase in interest expense, net for 2022 was primarily related to borrowings incurred under our term loan and increases in interest rates on our floating-rate debt, including commercial paper and variable-rate tax-exempt bonds. partially offsetting these increases in 2023 and 2022 were benefits from higher capitalized interest and increases in interest income as a result of higher cash and cash equivalent balances as well as higher investment rates. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to our debt balances.
loss on early extinguishment of debt, net in may 2021, wmi issued $950 million of senior notes and used the net proceeds of $942 million as well as available cash on hand to retire $1.3 billion of certain high-coupon senior notes. the loss on early extinguishment of debt for 2021 includes $220 million of charges related to this tender offer, including cash paid of $211 million related to premiums and other third-party costs, and $9 million primarily related to unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs.
equity in net losses of unconsolidated entities we recognized equity in net losses of unconsolidated entities of $60 million, $67 million and $36 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the losses for each period were primarily related to our noncontrolling interests in entities established to invest in and manage low-income housing properties. we generate tax benefits, including tax credits, from the losses incurred from these investments. the losses are more than offset by the tax benefits generated by these investments as further discussed in notes 8 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
income tax expense we recorded income tax expense of $745 million, $678 million and $532 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, resulting in effective income tax rates of 24.7%, 23.2% and 22.6% for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the comparability of our income tax expense for the reported periods has been primarily affected by the following:
●   investments qualifying for federal tax credits - our low-income housing properties investments reduced our income tax expense by $108 million, $99 million and $74 million, primarily due to tax credits realized from these investments as well as the tax benefits from pre-tax losses for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to these unconsolidated variable interest entities;

●   tax implications of impairments - the non-cash impairment charges recognized during 2023 are not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. the impact of these non-deductible charges would have resulted in a decrease to income tax expense of $50 million. the non-cash impairment charges recognized during 2022 and 2021 were deductible for tax purposes. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to our impairment charges;

●   permanent differences - during 2023, 2022 and 2021 we recognized additional income tax expense of $34 million, $14 million and $2 million, respectively, related to permanent differences between taxable income and accounting income. this increase is largely due to an increase in taxable interest income associated with the

53
company's election to deduct landfill closure and post-closure costs for income tax purposes when incurred and accrued. the increase in taxable interest income is due to the increase in the applicable federal rate published by the irs;

●   state net operating losses and credits - during 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognized state net operating losses and credits resulting in a reduction in our income tax expense of $20 million, $8 million and $15 million, respectively;

●   equity-based compensation - during 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognized a reduction in our income tax expense of $14 million, $17 million and $18 million, respectively, for excess tax benefits related to the vesting or exercise of equity-based compensation awards;

●   tax audit settlements - we file income tax returns in the u.s. and canada, as well as other state and local jurisdictions. we are currently under audit by various taxing authorities and our audits are in various stages of completion. during the reported periods, we settled various tax audits which resulted in a reduction in our income tax expense of $5 million, $6 million and $13 million for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and

●   tax legislation - the inflation reduction act of 2022 ("ira") was signed into law by president biden on august 16, 2022 and contains several tax-related provisions, including with respect to (i) alternative fuel tax credits; (ii) tax incentives for investments in renewable energy production, carbon capture, and other climate actions and (iii) the overall measurement of corporate income taxes. given the complexity and uncertainty around the applicability of the legislation to our specific facts and circumstances, we continue to analyze the ira provisions to identify and quantify potential opportunities and applicable benefits included in the legislation. the provisions of the ira related to alternative fuel tax credits secure approximately $55 million of annual pre-tax benefit (recorded as a reduction in our operating expense) for tax credits in 2022, 2023 and 2024.

with respect to the investment tax credit, as expanded by the ira, we expect the cumulative benefit to be between $250 million and $350 million, a large portion of which is anticipated to be realized in 2024 through 2026. recently, however, the irs issued proposed regulations applicable to the investment tax credits that could call into question our ability to realize some, or all, of this tax benefit, which would negatively impact financial expectations in connection with our significant planned and ongoing investments in sustainability growth projects in our wm renewable energy segment. the proposed regulations provide a public comment period, culminating in public hearings before the treasury department, to allow taxpayers to provide input prior to the issuance of final regulations. in coordination with other members of the rng industry, we are actively using this public comment period to work with external advisors, the u.s. congress, the current federal administration, and other biogas sector stakeholders to encourage the treasury department to further refine its analysis prior to publication of final regulations that more accurately reflect the express language and legislative intent of the statute with respect to the investment tax credit. however, there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful. we expect that the production tax credit incentives for investments in renewable energy and carbon capture, as expanded by the ira, will likely result in an incremental benefit to the company, although at this time, the anticipated amount of such benefit has not been quantified.
our current expectation is that the ira's minimum corporate tax will not have an impact on the company. finally, in accordance with the ira, we incurred a nondeductible excise tax of 1% on the net value of certain stock repurchases in 2023, which is reflected in the cost of purchasing the underlying shares as a component of treasury stock in our consolidated balance sheet.
additionally, numerous countries have agreed to a statement in support of the organization for economic co-operation and development ("oecd") model rules that propose a global minimum tax rate of 15%. the company operates in countries that have agreed to implement the global minimum tax, and the oecd continues to refine technical guidance for such. at this time, we do not expect the 15% global minimum tax to have a material, if any, impact to our income taxes, and we will continue to monitor and evaluate the potential impact on our business in future periods.
see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to income taxes.
54
landfill and environmental remediation discussion and analysis we owned or operated 258 solid waste landfills and five secure hazardous waste landfills as of december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022. for these landfills, the following table reflects changes in capacity, as measured in tons of waste, for the year ended december 31 and remaining airspace, measured in cubic yards of waste, as of december 31 (in millions):

2023                                           2022
remaining                                      remaining permitted       expansion          total       permitted       expansion          total capacity        capacity       capacity        capacity        capacity       capacity balance as of beginning of year (in tons)                                    5,165             190          5,355           4,889             174          5,063
acquisitions, divestitures, newly permitted landfills and closures               -               -              -   163                         -            163
changes in expansions pursued (a)                                                -   138                      138               -   62                        62
expansion permits granted (b)                                        168                     (168)              -   57                       (57)              -
depletable tons received                                                     (123)               -          (123)           (125)               -          (125)
changes in engineering estimates and other (c) (d)                   1               1                          2   181             11                       192
balance as of end of year (in tons) (e)                                      5,211   161                    5,372           5,165   190                    5,355
balance as of end of year (in cubic yards) (e)                               5,095   160                    5,255           5,079   180                    5,259
(a)   amounts reflected here relate to the combined impacts of (i) new expansions pursued; (ii) increases or decreases in the airspace being pursued for ongoing expansion efforts; (iii) adjustments for differences between the airspace being pursued and airspace granted and (iv) decreases due to decisions to no longer pursue expansion permits, if any.

(b)   we received expansion permits at 13 of our landfills during 2023 and 12 of our landfills during 2022, demonstrating our continued success in working with municipalities and regulatory agencies to expand the disposal airspace of our existing landfills.

(c)   changes in engineering estimates can result in changes to the estimated available remaining airspace of a landfill or changes in the utilization of such landfill airspace, affecting the number of tons that can be placed in the future. estimates of the amount of waste that can be placed in the future are reviewed annually by our engineers and are based on a number of factors, including standard engineering techniques and site-specific factors such as current and projected mix of waste type; initial and projected waste density; estimated number of years of life remaining; depth of underlying waste; anticipated access to moisture through precipitation or recirculation of landfill leachate and operating practices. we continually focus on improving the utilization of airspace through efforts that may include recirculating landfill leachate where allowed by permit; optimizing the placement of daily cover materials and increasing initial compaction through improved landfill equipment, operations and training.

(d)   in 2022, a change in accounting estimate resulted in an increase of 190 million tons across certain landfills.

(e)   see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of converting remaining cubic yards of airspace to tons of capacity.

the depletable tons received at our landfills for the year ended december 31 are shown below (tons in thousands):

2023                                                                         2022
# of        depletable       tons per        # of       depletable       tons per sites             tons            day       sites             tons            day solid waste landfills (a)                                                                                          258          122,141            450         258          123,462            452
hazardous waste landfills                                                                                            5   658                         2           5              652              2
263          122,799            452         263          124,114            454
solid waste landfills closed, divested or lease or other contractual agreement expired during related year       -                    -                          4              633
122,799                                     124,747
(a)   as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, we had 17 landfills which were not accepting waste.

55
as of december 31, 2023, we owned or controlled the management of 237 sites with remedial activities, are in closure or have received a certification of closure or post-closure from the applicable regulatory agency.
based on remaining permitted airspace as of december 31, 2023 and projected annual disposal volume, the weighted average remaining landfill life for all of our owned or operated landfills is approximately 38 years. many of our landfills have the potential for expanded airspace beyond what is currently permitted. we monitor the availability of permitted airspace at each of our landfills and evaluate whether to pursue an expansion at a given landfill based on estimated future disposal volume, disposal prices, construction and operating costs, remaining airspace and likelihood of obtaining an expansion permit. we are seeking expansion permits at 16 of our landfills that meet the expansion criteria outlined in the critical accounting estimates and assumptions - landfills section below. although no assurances can be made that all future expansions will be permitted or permitted as designed, the weighted average remaining landfill life for all owned or operated landfills is approximately 39 years when considering remaining permitted airspace, expansion airspace and projected annual disposal volume.
the number of landfills owned or operated as of december 31, 2023, segregated by their estimated operating lives based on remaining permitted and expansion airspace and projected annual disposal volume, was as follows:

# of landfills
0 to 5 years                   31
6 to 10 years                   22
11 to 20 years                   50
21 to 40 years                   66
41+ years                   94
total                  263   (a)
(a)   of the 263 landfills, 222 are owned, 29 are operated under lease agreements and 12 are operated under other contractual agreements. for the landfills not owned, we are usually responsible for final capping, closure and post-closure obligations.

landfill assets - we capitalize various costs that we incur to prepare a landfill to accept waste. these costs generally include expenditures for land (including the landfill footprint and required landfill buffer property), permitting, excavation, liner material and installation, landfill leachate collection systems, landfill gas collection systems, environmental monitoring equipment for groundwater and landfill gas, directly related engineering, capitalized interest, and on-site road construction and other capital infrastructure costs. the cost basis of our landfill assets also includes estimates of future costs associated with landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities, which are discussed further below.
the changes to the cost basis of our landfill assets and accumulated landfill airspace depletion for the year ended december 31, 2023 are reflected in the table below (in millions):

accumulated                         net book cost basis of       landfill airspace                   value of landfill assets       depletion                    landfill assets december 31, 2022                                                     $18,526       $(10,896)                             $7,630
capital additions                                                         722                  -                             722
asset retirement obligations incurred and capitalized                      79                  -                              79
depletion of landfill airspace                                              -                  (745)                       (745)
foreign currency translation                                               28                  (12)                           16
asset retirements and other adjustments                                   118       10                                       128
december 31, 2023                                                     $19,473       $(11,643)                             $7,830
as of december 31, 2023, we estimate that we will spend approximately $795 million in 2024, and approximately $1.7 billion in 2025 and 2026 combined, for the construction and development of our landfill assets. the specific timing of landfill capital spending is dependent on future events and spending estimates are subject to change due to fluctuations in landfill waste volumes, changes in environmental requirements and other factors impacting landfill operations.
56
landfill and environmental remediation liabilities - as we accept waste at our landfills, we incur significant asset retirement obligations, which include liabilities associated with landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities. these liabilities are accounted for in accordance with authoritative guidance on accounting for asset retirement obligations and are discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. we also have liabilities for the remediation of properties that have incurred environmental damage, which generally was caused by operations or for damage caused by conditions that existed before we acquired operations or a site. we recognize environmental remediation liabilities when we determine that the liability is probable and the cost for the likely remedy can be reasonably estimated.
the changes to landfill and environmental remediation liabilities for the year ended december 31, 2023 are reflected in the table below (in millions):

environmental landfill           remediation december 31, 2022                                                $2,664                  $204
obligations incurred and capitalized                                 79                     -
obligations settled                                               (147)                  (27)
interest accretion                                                  124                     6
revisions in estimates and interest rate assumptions                131                    26
acquisitions, divestitures and other adjustments                      2                     -
december 31, 2023                                                $2,853                  $209
landfill operating costs - the following table summarizes our landfill operating costs for the year ended december 31 (in millions):

2023                  2022          2021
interest accretion on landfill and environmental remediation liabilities                                                       $130           $112          $111
leachate and methane collection and treatment                                                                                   196            193           183
landfill remediation costs and discount rate adjustments to environmental remediation liabilities and recovery assets             7            (2)             1
other landfill site costs                                                                                                       120            118           117
total landfill operating costs                                                                                                 $453           $421          $412
depletion of landfill airspace - depletion of landfill airspace, which is included as a component of depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses, includes the following:
●   the depletion of landfill capital costs, including (i) costs that have been incurred and capitalized and (ii) estimated future costs for landfill development and construction required to develop our landfills to their remaining permitted and expansion airspace; and

●   the depletion of asset retirement costs arising from landfill final capping, closure and post-closure obligations, including (i) costs that have been incurred and capitalized and (ii) projected asset retirement costs.

depletion expense is recorded on a units-of-consumption basis, applying cost as a rate per ton. the rate per ton is calculated by dividing each component of the depletable basis of a landfill (net of accumulated depletion) by the number of tons needed to fill the corresponding asset's remaining permitted and expansion airspace. landfill capital costs and closure and post-closure asset retirement costs are generally incurred to support the operation of the landfill over its entire operating life and are, therefore, depleted on a per-ton basis using a landfill's total permitted and expansion airspace. final capping asset retirement costs are related to a specific final capping event and are, therefore, depleted on a per-ton basis using each discrete final capping event's estimated permitted and expansion airspace. accordingly, each landfill has multiple per-ton depletion rates.
57
the following table presents our landfill airspace depletion expense on a per-ton basis for the year ended december 31:

2023                 2022          2021
depletion of landfill airspace (in millions)                  $745          $754          $731
tons received, net of redirected waste (in millions)           123           125           124
average landfill airspace depletion expense per ton          $6.07         $6.05         $5.90
different per-ton depletion rates are applied at each of our 263 landfills, and per-ton depletion rates vary significantly from one landfill to another due to (i) inconsistencies that often exist in construction costs and provincial, state and local regulatory requirements for landfill development and landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities and (ii) differences in the cost basis of landfills that we develop versus those that we acquire. accordingly, our landfill airspace depletion expense measured on a per-ton basis can fluctuate due to changes in the mix of volumes we receive across the company each year.
liquidity and capital resources the company consistently generates annual cash flow from operations that meets and exceeds our working capital needs, allows for payment of our dividends, investment in the business through capital expenditures and tuck-in acquisitions, and funding of strategic sustainability growth investments. we continually monitor our actual and forecasted cash flows, our liquidity and our capital resources, enabling us to plan for our present needs and fund unbudgeted business requirements that may arise during the year. the company believes that its investment grade credit ratings, diverse investor base, large value of unencumbered assets and modest leverage enable it to obtain adequate financing, and refinance upcoming maturities, as necessary to meet its ongoing capital, operating, strategic and other liquidity requirements. we also have the ability to manage liquidity during periods of significant financial market disruption through temporary modification of our capital expenditure and share repurchase plans.
summary of contractual obligations the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2023 (other than recorded obligations related to liabilities associated with environmental remediation costs and non-cancelable operating lease obligations, which are discussed further in notes 3 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively) and the anticipated effect of these obligations on our liquidity in future years (in millions):

2024                         2025            2026              2027            2028       thereafter           total recorded obligations:
final capping, closure and post-closure liabilities (a)              $143              $254            $178              $206            $154       $3,480               $4,415
debt payments (b)                                                   1,192             1,355             713             1,198             892               11,002             16,352
unrecorded obligations:
interest on debt (c)                                                  566               544             518               486             448                3,340              5,902
estimated unconditional purchase obligations (d)                      173               164             133                51              44       470                         1,035
anticipated liquidity impact as of december 31, 2023               $2,074            $2,317          $1,542            $1,941          $1,538       $18,292              $27,704
(a)   includes liabilities for final capping, closure and post-closure costs recorded in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2023, without the impact of discounting and inflation. our recorded liabilities for final capping, closure and post-closure costs will increase as we continue to place additional tons within the permitted airspace at our landfills.

(b)   these amounts represent the scheduled principal payments based on their contractual maturities related to our long-term debt and financing leases, excluding interest. refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our debt obligations.

(c)   interest on our fixed-rate debt was calculated based on contractual rates and interest on our variable-rate debt was calculated based on interest rates as of december 31, 2023. as of december 31, 2023, we had $154 million of accrued interest related to our debt obligations.

58
(d)   our obligations represent purchase commitments from which we expect to realize an economic benefit in future periods. we have also made certain guarantees that we do not expect to materially affect our current or future financial position, results of operations or liquidity. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of the nature and terms of our unconditional purchase obligations and guarantees.

summary of cash and cash equivalents, restricted funds and debt obligations the following is a summary of our cash and cash equivalents, restricted funds and debt balances as of december 31 (in millions):

2023                           2022
cash and cash equivalents                                                              $458               $351
restricted funds:
insurance reserves                                                                     $376               $313
final capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation funds                119                113
other                                                                                    17                  5
total restricted funds (a)                                                             $512               $431
debt:
current portion                                                                        $334               $414
long-term portion                                                                    15,895             14,570
total debt                                                                          $16,229            $14,984
(a)   as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, $90 million and $83 million, respectively, of these account balances was included in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets.

debt - we use long-term borrowings in addition to the cash we generate from operations as part of our overall financial strategy to support and grow our business. we primarily use senior notes and tax-exempt bonds to borrow on a long-term basis, but we also use other instruments and facilities, when appropriate. the components of our borrowings as of december 31, 2023 are described in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately $2.8 billion of debt maturing within the next 12 months, including (i) $1.6 billion of tax-exempt bonds with term interest rate periods that expire within the next 12 months, which is prior to their scheduled maturities; (ii) $859 million of short-term borrowings under our commercial paper program (net of related discount on issuance); (iii) $175 million of other debt with scheduled maturities within the next 12 months, including $60 million of tax exempt bonds, and (iv) $156 million of 3.5% senior notes that mature in may 2024. as of december 31, 2023, we have classified $2.4 billion of debt maturing in the next 12 months as long-term because we have the intent and ability to refinance these borrowings on a long-term basis as supported by the forecasted available capacity under our $3.5 billion long-term u.s. and canadian revolving credit facility ("$3.5 billion revolving credit facility"). the remaining $334 million of debt maturing in the next 12 months is classified as current obligations.
in february 2023, wmi issued $750 million and $500 million of 4.625% senior notes due february 2030 and february 2033, respectively, the net proceeds of which were $1.24 billion. we used the net proceeds to reduce outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program, repay $500 million of wmi's 2.4% senior notes upon maturity in may 2023, and for general corporate purposes, including our planned and ongoing investments in our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments.
in july 2023, wmi issued $750 million and $1.25 billion of 4.875% senior notes due february 2029 and february 2034, respectively, the net proceeds of which were $1.97 billion. we used the net proceeds to reduce outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program, repay $1.0 billion of outstanding borrowings under our term loan and for general corporate purposes.
59
we have credit lines in place to support our liquidity and financial assurance needs. the following table summarizes our outstanding letters of credit, categorized by type of facility as of december 31 (in millions):

2023                   2022
revolving credit facility (a)               $180          $166
other letter of credit lines (b)             834           800
$1,014          $966
(a)   as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, we had an unused and available credit capacity of $2.5 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively.

(b)   as of december 31, 2023, these other letter of credit lines are uncommitted with terms extending through december 2027.

guarantor financial information wm holdings has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of wmi's senior indebtedness. wmi has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of wm holdings' senior indebtedness. none of wmi's other subsidiaries have guaranteed any of wmi's or wm holdings' debt. in lieu of providing separate financial statements for the subsidiary issuer and guarantor (wmi and wm holdings), we have presented the accompanying supplemental summarized combined balance sheet and income statement information for wmi and wm holdings on a combined basis after elimination of intercompany transactions between wmi and wm holdings and amounts related to investments in any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor (in millions):

december 31,
2023
balance sheet information:
current assets                     $276
noncurrent assets                               25
current liabilities                336
noncurrent liabilities:
advances due to affiliates                  21,228
other noncurrent liabilities                13,798

year ended december 31, 2023
income statement information:
revenue                             $-
operating income                               -
net loss                                       348
summary of cash flow activity the following is a summary of our cash flows for the year ended december 31 (in millions):

2023              2022              2021
net cash provided by operating activities       $4,719            $4,536            $4,338
net cash used in investing activities           $(3,091)          $(3,063)          $(1,894)
net cash used in financing activities           $(1,524)          $(1,216)          $(2,900)
net cash provided by operating activities - our operating cash flows increased in 2023, as compared with 2022, by $183 million primarily driven by higher earnings attributable to our collection and disposal businesses and lower income tax payments as a result of a deposit of approximately $103 million that was made to the irs in 2022 related to a disputed tax matter discussed within note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. these increases were partially offset
60
by (i) unfavorable changes in working capital, net of effects of acquisitions and divestitures; (ii) higher interest payments and (iii) higher incentive compensation payments.
our operating cash flows for 2022, as compared with 2021, increased by $198 million. the increase was largely driven by increased earnings in our collection and disposal businesses and wm renewable energy segment. we also experienced lower interest payments due to timing and refinancing activities in 2021 that reduced our overall interest rate. partially offsetting our increase in cash from operating activities were higher income tax payments as a result of higher earnings in 2022 and a deposit of approximately $103 million that was made to the irs related to a disputed tax matter. the company expects to seek a refund of the entire amount deposited with the irs and litigate any denial of the claim for refund. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further details.
net cash used in investing activities - the most significant items affecting the comparison of our investing cash flows for the periods presented are summarized below:
●   acquisitions - our spending on acquisitions was $173 million, $377 million and $76 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which $170 million, $377 million and $75 million, respectively, are considered cash used in investing activities. the remaining spend is financing or operating activities related to the timing of contingent consideration paid. substantially all of these acquisitions are related to our collection and disposal businesses.

our acquisition spending in 2022 was primarily attributable to the purchase of a controlling interest in a business intended to accelerate our film and plastic wrap recycling capabilities. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. we continue to focus on accretive acquisitions and growth opportunities that will enhance and expand our existing service offerings.
●   capital expenditures - we used $2,895 million, $2,587 million and $1,904 million for capital expenditures in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the increase in capital spending is primarily driven by our planned and ongoing investments in our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments, as well as inflationary increases in many fixed asset categories required to support ongoing operations and investments in the company's landfills to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. the increase in 2022 is primarily driven by our planned and ongoing investments in our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments, as well as timing differences in our fixed asset purchases to support our collection and disposal businesses.

the company continues to maintain a disciplined focus on capital management to prioritize investments for expansion, the replacement of aging assets and assets that support our strategy of differentiation and continuous improvement through efficiency and innovation. the company expects to invest $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion in growth investments across the recycling and renewable energy platforms from 2022 to 2026, which includes the $1.325 billion already invested in 2022 and 2023.
●   divestitures - proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets, net of cash divested, were $78 million, $27 million and $96 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. in 2023, our proceeds are primarily the result of the sale of certain non-strategic assets. in 2021, our proceeds are primarily the result of the sale of certain non-strategic canadian operations.

●   other, net - our spending within other, net was $104 million, $126 million and $11 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. during 2023, 2022 and 2021, we used $61 million, $23 million and $32 million, respectively, of cash from restricted cash and cash equivalents to invest in available-for-sale securities. in 2023, we used $20 million to make an initial cash payment associated with a low-income housing investment. in 2022, we used $67 million to fund secured convertible promissory notes associated with an acquisition and $28 million to make an initial cash payment associated with a low-income housing investment. our 2021 cash spend was partially offset by proceeds received from the sale of an equity method investment.

61
net cash used in financing activities - the most significant items affecting the comparison of our financing cash flows for the periods presented are summarized below:
●   debt borrowings (repayments) - the following summarizes our cash borrowings and repayments of debt for the year ended december 31 (in millions):


2023                             2022                 2021
borrowings:
commercial paper program               $17,799              $6,596             $6,831
term loan                                           -              1,000                    -
senior notes                                    3,207                992                  942
tax-exempt bonds                                  300                100                  175
$21,306              $8,688             $7,948
repayments:
commercial paper program               $(18,709)            $(6,664)           $(6,872)
senior notes                                    (500)              (500)              (1,289)
term loan                                     (1,000)                  -                    -
tax-exempt bonds                                 (65)               (71)                (127)
other debt                                      (120)               (93)                (116)
$(20,394)            $(7,328)           $(8,404)
net cash borrowings (repayments)       $912                 $1,360             $(456)
refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our debt borrowings and repayments.
●   premiums and other paid on early extinguishment of debt - during 2021, we paid premiums and other third-party costs of $211 million to retire certain high-coupon notes. see loss on early extinguishment of debt, net for further discussion.

●   common stock repurchase program - for the periods presented, all share repurchases have been made in accordance with financial plans approved by our board of directors. we allocated $1,302 million, $1,500 million and $1,350 million of available cash to common stock repurchases during 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.

we announced in december 2023 that the board of directors has authorized up to $1.5 billion in future share repurchases, excluding the 1% excise tax. this new authorization supersedes and replaces remaining authority under the prior board of directors' authorization for share repurchases announced in december 2022. the amount of future share repurchases executed under our board of directors' authorization is determined in management's discretion, based on various factors, including our net earnings, financial condition and cash required for future business plans, growth and acquisitions.
●   cash dividends - for the periods presented, all dividends have been declared by our board of directors. cash dividends declared and paid were $1,136 million in 2023, or $2.80 per common share, $1,077 million in 2022, or $2.60 per common share, and $970 million in 2021, or $2.30 per common share.

in december 2023, we announced that our board of directors expects to increase the quarterly dividend from $0.70 to $0.75 per share for dividends declared in 2024. however, all future dividend declarations are at the discretion of the board of directors and depend on various factors, including our net earnings, financial condition, cash required for future business plans, growth and acquisitions and other factors the board of directors may deem relevant.
●   exercise of common stock options - the exercise of common stock options generated financing cash inflows of $44 million, $44 million and $66 million from the exercise of 597,000, 675,000 and 962,000 of employee stock options during 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

62
free cash flow we are presenting free cash flow, which is a non-gaap measure of liquidity, in our disclosures because we use this measure in the evaluation and management of our business. we define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures, plus proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets, net of cash divested. we believe it is indicative of our ability to pay our quarterly dividends, repurchase common stock, fund acquisitions and other investments and, in the absence of refinancings, to repay our debt obligations. free cash flow is not intended to replace net cash provided by operating activities, which is the most comparable gaap measure. we believe free cash flow gives investors useful insight into how we view our liquidity, but the use of free cash flow as a liquidity measure has material limitations because it excludes certain expenditures that are required or that we have committed to, such as declared dividend payments and debt service requirements.
our calculation of free cash flow and reconciliation to net cash provided by operating activities is shown in the table below for the year ended december 31 (in millions), and may not be calculated the same as similarly-titled measures presented by other companies:

2023                             2022                2021
net cash provided by operating activities                                                    $4,719              $4,536              $4,338
capital expenditures to support the business                                                (2,131)             (2,026)             (1,665)
capital expenditures - sustainability growth investments (a)                                  (764)               (561)               (239)
total capital expenditures                                                                  (2,895)             (2,587)             (1,904)
proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets, net of cash divested                  78                  27                  96
free cash flow                                                                               $1,902              $1,976              $2,530
(a)   these growth investments are intended to further our sustainability leadership position by increasing recycling volumes and growing renewable natural gas generation and we expect they will deliver circular solutions for our customers and drive environmental value to the communities we serve.

critical accounting estimates and assumptions in preparing our financial statements, we make numerous estimates and assumptions that affect the accounting for and recognition and disclosure of assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses. we must make these estimates and assumptions because certain information that we use is dependent on future events, cannot be calculated with precision from available data or simply cannot be calculated. in some cases, these estimates are difficult to determine, and we must exercise significant judgment. in preparing our financial statements, the most difficult, subjective and complex estimates and the assumptions that present the greatest amount of uncertainty relate to our accounting for landfills, environmental remediation liabilities, long-lived asset impairments, intangible asset impairments and the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired in business combinations. each of these items is discussed in additional detail below and in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. actual results could differ materially from the estimates and assumptions that we use in the preparation of our financial statements.
landfills accounting for landfills requires that significant estimates and assumptions be made regarding (i) the cost to construct and develop each landfill asset; (ii) the estimated fair value of final capping, closure and post-closure asset retirement obligations, which must consider both the expected cost and timing of these activities and (iii) the determination of each landfill's remaining permitted and expansion airspace.
landfill costs - we estimate the total cost to develop each of our landfill sites to its remaining permitted and expansion airspace. this estimate includes such costs as landfill liner material and installation, excavation for airspace, landfill leachate collection systems, landfill gas collection systems, environmental monitoring equipment for groundwater and landfill gas, directly related engineering, capitalized interest, on-site road construction and other capital infrastructure costs. additionally, landfill development includes all land purchases for the landfill footprint and landfill buffer property. the projection of these landfill costs is dependent, in part, on future events. the remaining depletable basis of each landfill
63
includes costs to develop a site to its remaining permitted and expansion airspace and includes amounts previously expended and capitalized, net of accumulated airspace depletion, and projections of future purchase and development costs.
final capping costs - we estimate the cost for each final capping event based on the area to be capped and the capping materials and activities required. the estimates also consider when these costs are anticipated to be paid and factor in inflation and discount rates. our engineering personnel allocate landfill final capping costs to specific final capping events and the capping costs are depleted as waste is disposed of at the landfill. we review these costs annually, or more often if significant facts change. changes in estimates, such as timing or cost of construction, for final capping events immediately impact the required liability and the corresponding asset. when the change in estimate relates to a fully consumed landfill, the adjustment to the asset must be depleted immediately through expense. when the change in estimate relates to a final capping event at a landfill with remaining airspace, the adjustment to the asset is recognized in income prospectively as a component of landfill airspace depletion.
closure and post-closure costs - we base our estimates for closure and post-closure costs on our interpretations of permit and regulatory requirements for closure and post-closure monitoring and maintenance. the estimates for landfill closure and post-closure costs also consider when the costs are anticipated to be paid and factor in inflation and discount rates. the possibility of changing legal and regulatory requirements and the forward-looking nature of these types of costs make any estimation or assumption less certain. changes in estimates for closure and post-closure events immediately impact the required liability and the corresponding asset. when the change in estimate relates to a fully consumed landfill, the adjustment to the asset must be depleted immediately through expense. when the change in estimate relates to a landfill with remaining airspace, the adjustment to the asset is recognized in income prospectively as a component of landfill airspace depletion.
remaining permitted airspace - our engineers, in consultation with third-party engineering consultants and surveyors, are responsible for determining remaining permitted airspace at our landfills. the remaining permitted airspace is determined by an annual survey, which is used to compare the existing landfill topography to the expected final landfill topography.
expansion airspace - we also include currently unpermitted expansion airspace in our estimate of remaining permitted and expansion airspace in certain circumstances. first, for unpermitted airspace to be initially included in our estimate of remaining permitted and expansion airspace, we must believe that obtaining the expansion permit is likely. second, we must generally expect the initial expansion permit application to be submitted within one year and the final expansion permit to be received within five years, in addition to meeting the following criteria:
●   personnel are actively working on the expansion of an existing landfill, including efforts to obtain land use and local, state or provincial approvals;

●   we have a legal right to use or obtain land to be included in the expansion plan;

●   there are no significant known technical, legal, community, business, or political restrictions or similar issues that could negatively affect the success of such expansion; and

●   financial analysis has been completed based on conceptual design, and the results demonstrate that the expansion meets company criteria for investment.

these criteria are evaluated by our field-based engineers, accountants, managers and others to identify potential obstacles to obtaining the permits. once the unpermitted airspace is included, our policy provides that airspace may continue to be included in remaining permitted and expansion airspace even if certain of these criteria are no longer met as long as we continue to believe we will ultimately obtain the permit, based on the facts and circumstances of a specific landfill. in these circumstances, continued inclusion must be approved through a landfill-specific review process that includes approval by our chief financial officer on a quarterly basis.
when we include the expansion airspace in our calculations of remaining permitted and expansion airspace, we also include the projected costs for development, as well as the projected asset retirement costs related to final capping, closure and post-closure of the expansion in the depletable basis of the landfill.
64
once the remaining permitted and expansion airspace is determined in cubic yards, an airspace utilization factor ("auf") is established to calculate the remaining permitted and expansion capacity in tons. the auf is established using the measured density obtained from previous annual surveys and is then adjusted to account for future settlement. the amount of settlement that is forecasted will consider several site-specific factors including current and projected mix of waste type, initial and projected waste density, estimated number of years of life remaining, depth of underlying waste, anticipated access to moisture through precipitation or recirculation of landfill leachate and operating practices. in addition, the initial selection of the auf is subject to a subsequent multi-level review by our engineering group and the auf used is reviewed on a periodic basis and revised as necessary. our historical experience generally indicates that the impact of settlement at a landfill is greater later in the life of the landfill when the waste placed at the landfill approaches its highest point under the permit requirements.
after determining the costs and remaining permitted and expansion capacity at each of our landfills, we determine the per ton rates that will be expensed as waste is received and deposited at the landfill by dividing the costs by the corresponding number of tons. we calculate per ton depletion rates for each landfill for assets associated with each final capping event, for assets related to closure and post-closure activities and for all other costs capitalized or to be capitalized in the future. these rates per ton are updated annually, or more often, as significant facts change.
it is possible that actual results, including the amount of costs incurred, the timing of final capping, closure and post-closure activities, our airspace utilization or the success of our expansion efforts could ultimately turn out to be significantly different from our estimates and assumptions. to the extent that such estimates, or related assumptions, prove to be significantly different than actual results, lower earnings may be experienced due to higher depletion rates or higher expenses; or higher earnings may result if the opposite occurs. most significantly, if it is determined that expansion capacity should no longer be considered in calculating the recoverability of a landfill asset, we may be required to recognize an asset impairment or incur significantly higher depletion expense. if at any time management makes the decision to abandon the expansion effort, the capitalized costs related to the expansion effort are expensed immediately.
environmental remediation liabilities a significant portion of our operating costs and capital expenditures could be characterized as costs of environmental protection. the nature of our operations, particularly with respect to the construction, operation and maintenance of our landfills subjects us to an array of laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. under current laws and regulations, we may have liabilities for environmental damage caused by our operations, or for damage caused by conditions that existed before we acquired a site. in addition to remediation activity required by state or local authorities, such liabilities include potentially responsible party ("prp") investigations. the costs associated with these liabilities can include settlements, certain legal and consultant fees, as well as incremental internal and external costs directly associated with site investigation and clean up.
where it is probable that a liability has been incurred, we estimate costs required to remediate sites based on site-specific facts and circumstances. we routinely review and evaluate sites that require remediation and determine our estimated cost for the likely remedy based on a number of estimates and assumptions. next, we review the same type of information with respect to other named and unnamed prps. estimates of the costs for the likely remedy are then either developed using our internal resources or by third-party environmental engineers or other service providers. internally developed estimates are based on:
●   management's judgment and experience in remediating our own and unrelated parties' sites;

●   information available from regulatory agencies as to costs of remediation;

●   the number, financial resources and relative degree of responsibility of other prps who may be liable for remediation of a specific site; and

●   the typical allocation of costs among prps, unless the actual allocation has been determined.

refer to note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our environmental liabilities.
65
fair value of nonfinancial assets and liabilities significant estimates are made in determining the fair value of long-lived tangible and intangible assets (i.e., property and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill) during the impairment evaluation process. in addition, the majority of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are required to be recognized at fair value under the relevant accounting guidance.
fair value is computed using several factors, including projected future operating results, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, comparable marketplace data and the cost of capital. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and to our judgment in applying them in our analysis. however, we believe our methodology for estimating the fair value of our reporting units is reasonable.
property and equipment, including landfills and definite-lived intangible assets - we monitor the carrying value of our long-lived assets for potential impairment on an ongoing basis and test the recoverability of such assets generally using significant unobservable ("level 3") inputs whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. these events or changes in circumstances, including management decisions pertaining to such assets, are referred to as impairment indicators. if an impairment indicator occurs, we perform a test of recoverability by comparing the carrying value of the asset or asset group to its undiscounted expected future cash flows. if cash flows cannot be separately and independently identified for a single asset, we will determine whether an impairment has occurred for the group of assets for which we can identify the projected cash flows. if the carrying values are in excess of undiscounted expected future cash flows, we measure any impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset or asset group to its carrying value and the difference is recorded in the period that the impairment indicator occurs. fair value is generally determined by considering (i) internally developed discounted projected cash flow analysis of the asset or asset group; (ii) actual third-party valuations and/or (iii) information available regarding the current market for similar assets. estimating future cash flows requires significant judgment and projections may vary from the cash flows eventually realized, which could impact our ability to accurately assess whether an asset has been impaired.
the assessment of impairment indicators and the recoverability of our capitalized costs associated with landfills and related expansion projects require significant judgment due to the unique nature of the waste industry, the highly regulated permitting process and the sensitive estimates involved. during the review of a landfill expansion application, a regulator may initially deny the expansion application although the expansion permit is ultimately granted. in addition, management may periodically divert waste from one landfill to another to conserve remaining permitted landfill airspace, or a landfill may be required to cease accepting waste, prior to receipt of the expansion permit. however, such events occur in the ordinary course of business in the waste industry and do not necessarily result in impairment of our landfill assets because, after consideration of all facts, such events may not affect our belief that we will ultimately obtain the expansion permit. as a result, our tests of recoverability, which generally make use of a probability-weighted cash flow estimation approach, may indicate that no impairment loss should be recorded.
indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill - at least annually using a measurement date of october 1, and more frequently if warranted, we assess the indefinite-lived intangible assets including the goodwill of our reporting units for impairment using level 3 inputs.
we first perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. if the assessment indicates a possible impairment, we complete a quantitative review, comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. an impairment charge is recognized if the asset's estimated fair value was less than its carrying amount. fair value is typically estimated using an income approach using level 3 inputs. however, when appropriate, we may also use a market approach. the income approach is based on the long-term projected future cash flows of the reporting units. we discount the estimated cash flows to present value using a weighted average cost of capital that considers factors such as market assumptions, the timing of the cash flows and the risks inherent in those cash flows. we believe that this approach is appropriate because it provides a fair value estimate based upon the reporting units' expected long-term performance considering the economic and market conditions that generally affect our business. the market approach estimates fair value by measuring the aggregate market value of publicly-traded companies with similar characteristics to our business as a multiple of their reported earnings. we then apply that multiple to the reporting units' earnings to estimate their fair values. we believe that this approach may
66
also be appropriate in certain circumstances because it provides a fair value estimate using valuation inputs from entities with operations and economic characteristics comparable to our reporting units.
acquisitions - in accordance with the purchase method of accounting, the purchase price paid for an acquisition is allocated to the assets and liabilities acquired based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, with the excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired recorded as goodwill. when we are in the process of valuing all of the assets and liabilities acquired in an acquisition, there can be subsequent adjustments to our estimates of fair value and resulting preliminary purchase price allocation. generally, the valuation of our acquired asset and liabilities rely on complex estimates and assumptions.
acquisition-date fair value estimates are revised as necessary if, and when, additional information regarding these contingencies becomes available to further define and quantify assets acquired and liabilities assumed. subsequent to finalization of purchase accounting, these revisions are accounted for as adjustments to income from operations. all acquisition-related transaction costs are expensed as incurred. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our acquisitions.
see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net.
inflation macroeconomic pressures, including inflation and rising interest rates, and market disruption resulting in labor, supply chain and transportation constraints have impacted our results. significant global supply chain disruption has reduced availability of certain assets used in our business, and inflation has increased costs for the goods and services we purchase, particularly for labor, repair and maintenance, and subcontractor costs. supply chain constraints have caused delayed delivery of fleet, steel containers and other purchases. aspects of our business rely on third-party transportation providers, and such services have become more limited and expensive. we continue to take proactive steps to recover and mitigate inflationary cost pressures through our overall pricing efforts and by managing our costs through efficiency, labor productivity, and investments in technology to automate certain aspects of our business. these efforts may not be successful for various reasons including the pace of inflation, operating cost inefficiencies, market responses, and contractual limitations, such as the timing lag in our ability to recover increased costs under certain contracts that are tied to a price escalation index with a lookback provision. refer to item 1a. risk factors for further discussion.
67
