item 1a.       risk factors the risks described below could, in ways we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity. our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the u.s. and globally. the following risk factors do not identify all risks that we may face.
strategic risks failure to successfully execute our omni-channel strategy and the cost of our investments in ecommerce and technology may materially adversely affect our market position, net sales and financial performance.
the retail business continues to rapidly evolve and consumers increasingly embrace digital shopping. as a result, the portion of total consumer expenditures with retailers and wholesale clubs occurring through digital platforms is increasing and the pace of this increase could continue to accelerate.
our strategy, which includes investments in ecommerce, technology, including the use of artificial intelligence technology, talent, supply chain automation, acquisitions, joint ventures, store remodels and other customer initiatives may not adequately or effectively allow us to continue to grow our ecommerce business, increase comparable sales, maintain or grow our overall market position or otherwise offset the impact on the growth of our business of a moderated pace of new store and club openings and sustain the current pace of remodels. the success of this strategy will depend in large measure on our ability to continue building and delivering a seamless omni-channel shopping experience and interconnected ecosystem for our customers that deepens and maintains our relationships with our customers across our various businesses and partnerships and reinforces our overall enterprise strategy. the success of this strategy is further subject to the related risks discussed in this item 1a. with the interconnected components of this enterprise strategy and an increasing allocation of capital expenditures focused on these initiatives, changes in customer or member perceptions about our reputation or our failure to successfully execute on individual components of this strategy may adversely affect our market position, net sales and financial performance, which could also result in impairment charges to intangible assets or other long-lived assets. in addition, a greater concentration of ecommerce sales, including increasing online grocery sales, could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic in our stores and clubs, which would, in turn, reduce the opportunities for cross-store or cross-club sales of merchandise that such traffic creates and could reduce our sales within our stores and clubs and materially adversely affect our financial performance.
furthermore, the cost of certain investments in ecommerce, technology, talent and automation, including any operating losses incurred for those initiatives, will adversely impact our financial performance in the short-term and failure to realize the benefits of these investments may adversely impact our financial performance over the longer term.
if we do not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends or preferences, it could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, demand for the products and services we sell, our market share and the growth of our business.
it is difficult to predict consistently and successfully the products and services our customers will demand and changes in their shopping patterns, tastes and preferences. the success of our business depends in part on how accurately we predict consumer demand, availability of merchandise, the related impact on the demand for existing products and services and the competitive environment. our business is dependent on our ability to make critical decisions and predictions with respect to merchandise categories that quickly respond to changing consumer spending patterns, tastes and preferences, any incorrect calculations by us may result in lower sales, spoilage and inventory markdowns, which could adversely impact our results of operations. our ability to predict and adapt to changing tastes and preferences depends on many factors, including obtaining accurate and relevant data on customer preferences, emphasizing relevant merchandise categories, effectively managing our inventory levels, and implementing competitive and effective pricing and promotion strategies. price transparency, assortment of products, customer experience, convenience, ease and the speed and cost of shipping are of primary importance to customers and continue to increase in importance, particularly as a result of digital tools and social media available to consumers and the choices available to consumers for purchasing products. we must continue to preserve our reputation, which is impacted based on public perceptions. it may be difficult to address negative publicity across media channels, regardless of whether it is accurate. negative incidents involving us, our workforce (including the loss of merchandise as a result of shrink or theft) or others with whom we do business could quickly erode trust and confidence in our business and could result in consumer boycotts, workforce unrest and government investigations. negative reputational incidents or negative perceptions of us could adversely impact our business and results of operations, including through lower sales, the termination of business relationships and associate retention and recruiting efforts. moreover, failure to adequately predict customer demand and consumer spending patterns or otherwise optimize and operate our distribution and fulfillment centers could result in excess or insufficient inventory, service interruptions and increased costs, any of which could significantly harm our business. as we continue to add new fulfillment centers, our fulfillment and technology networks become increasingly complex and operating them becomes more challenging. there can be no assurance that we will be able to operate our networks effectively.
we face strong competition from other retailers, wholesale club operators, omni-channel retailers and other businesses which could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
each of our segments competes for customers, employees, digital prominence, products and services and in other important aspects of its business with many other local, regional, national and global physical, ecommerce and omni-channel retailers, social commerce platforms, wholesale club operators and retail intermediaries, as well as companies that offer services in digital advertising, fulfillment and delivery services, health and wellness and financial services. the omni-channel retail landscape is highly competitive and rapidly evolving, and the entry of new, well-funded competitors may increase competitive pressures. in addition, for ecommerce and other internet-based businesses, newer or smaller businesses may be better able to innovate and compete with us.
we compete in a variety of ways, including the prices at which we sell our merchandise, merchandise selection and availability, services offered to customers, location, store hours, in-store amenities, the shopping convenience and overall shopping experience we offer, the attractiveness and ease of use of our digital platforms, cost and speed of and options for delivery to customers of merchandise purchased through our digital platforms or through our omni-channel integration of our physical and digital operations.
a failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail and other markets in which we operate, omni-channel innovations and omni-channel ecosystems developed by our competitors or delays or failure in execution of our strategy could materially adversely affect our financial performance. see "item 1. business" above for additional discussion of the competitive situation of each of our reportable segments.
certain segments of the retail industry are undergoing consolidation or substantially reducing operations, whether due to bankruptcy, consolidation or other factors. such consolidation, or other business combinations or alliances, competitive omni-channel ecosystems or reductions in operations may result in competitors with greatly improved financial resources, improved access to merchandise, greater market penetration and other improvements in their competitive positions. such business combinations or alliances could allow these companies to provide a wider variety of products and services at competitive prices, which could adversely affect our financial performance.
general or macro-economic factors, both domestically and internationally, may materially adversely affect our financial performance.
general economic conditions and other economic factors, globally or in one or more of the markets we serve, may adversely affect our financial performance. higher interest rates, higher prices of petroleum products, including crude oil, natural gas, gasoline and diesel fuel, higher costs for electricity and other energy, weakness in the housing market, inflation, deflation, increased costs of essential services, such as medical care and utilities, higher levels of unemployment, decreases in consumer disposable income, unavailability of consumer credit, higher consumer debt levels, changes in consumer spending and shopping patterns, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, higher tax rates, imposition of new taxes or other changes in tax laws, changes in healthcare laws, other regulatory changes, the imposition of tariffs or other measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade, overall economic slowdown or recession and other economic factors in the u.s., or in any of the other markets in which we operate, could adversely affect consumer demand for the products and services we sell in the u.s. or such other markets, change the mix of products we sell to one with a lower average gross margin, cause a slowdown in discretionary purchases of goods, adversely affect our net sales, growth rates, operating income and result in slower inventory turnover and greater markdowns of inventory, or otherwise materially adversely affect our operations and operating results and could result in impairment charges to intangible assets, goodwill or other long-lived assets.
in addition, the economic factors listed above, any other economic factors or circumstances resulting in higher transportation, labor, insurance or healthcare costs or commodity prices, including energy prices, and other economic factors in the u.s. and other countries in which we operate can increase our cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses and otherwise materially adversely affect our operations and operating results.
the economic factors that affect our operations may also adversely affect the operations of our suppliers, which can result in an increase in the cost to us of the goods we sell to our customers or, in more extreme cases, in certain suppliers not producing goods in the volume typically available to us for sale, or adversely impact product margins due to higher labor and material costs of our suppliers that we are unable, or choose not, to pass on to our customers.
the performance of strategic alliances and other business relationships to support the expansion of our business could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
we may enter into strategic alliances and other business relationships in the countries in which we have existing operations or in other markets to expand our business. these arrangements (such as one, our fintech venture, and our healthcare initiative with unitedhealth group) may not generate the level of sales or profitability we anticipate when entering into the arrangement or may otherwise adversely impact our business and competitive position relative to the results we could have achieved in the absence of such alliance. in addition, any investment we make in connection with a strategic alliance, business relationship or in certain of our divested markets, could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
operational risks global or regional health pandemics or epidemics, such as covid-19, could negatively impact our business, financial position and results of operations.
the emergence, severity, magnitude and duration of global or regional pandemics, epidemics or other health crises are uncertain and difficult to predict. a pandemic, such as covid-19, or other epidemic or contagious disease outbreak could impact our business operations, demand for our products and services, in-stock positions, costs of doing business, access to inventory, supply chain operations, the extent and duration of measures to try to contain the spread of a virus or other disease (such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, limitations on large gatherings, business and government shutdowns and other restrictions on retailers), our ability to predict future performance, exposure to litigation and our financial performance, among other things. in the event of any global or regional health crisis, customer demand for certain products may fluctuate, customer behaviors may change and consumer disposable income could be negatively impacted, which may challenge our ability to anticipate and/or adjust inventory levels to meet that demand. other factors and uncertainties may include, but are not limited to: the severity and duration of pandemics, epidemics or other health crises, including disease outbreaks in areas in which we and our suppliers operate; increased operational costs; evolving macroeconomic factors, including general economic uncertainty, unemployment rates and recessionary pressures; unknown consequences on our business performance and initiatives stemming from the substantial investment of time, capital and other resources to a pandemic or other health crisis response; the effectiveness and extent of administration of vaccinations and medical treatments; the pace of recovery when any such pandemic or other health crisis subsides; and the long-term impact of a pandemic or other health crisis on our business, including consumer behaviors. these risks and their impacts are difficult to predict and could otherwise disrupt and adversely affect our operations and our financial performance.
to the extent that a future pandemic or epidemic occurs, such events may also heighten other risks described in this section, including but not limited to those related to consumer behavior and expectations, competition, our reputation, implementation of strategic initiatives, cybersecurity threats, payment-related risks, technology systems disruption, supply chain disruptions, labor availability and cost, litigation and regulatory requirements.
natural disasters, climate change, geopolitical events, catastrophic and other events could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
the occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tropical storms, floods, fires, earthquakes, tsunamis, cyclones, typhoons; weather conditions such as major or extended winter storms, droughts and tornadoes, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise; geopolitical tensions or events; and catastrophic and other events, such as war, civil unrest (including theft, looting or vandalism), terrorist attacks or other acts of violence, including active shooter situations (such as those that have occurred in our u.s. stores), or the loss of merchandise as a result of shrink or theft in countries in which we operate, in which our suppliers are located or regions goods are transported from or through, or in other areas of the world (such as in ukraine and israel where wars currently exist, and armed hostilities in the red sea and surrounding areas through which ocean carrier vessels travel to the suez canal) could adversely affect our operations and financial performance.
such events could result in physical damage to, or the complete loss of, one or more of our properties, the closure of one or more stores, clubs and distribution or fulfillment centers, limitations on store or club operating hours, the lack of an adequate work force in a market, the inability of customers and associates to reach or have transportation to our stores and clubs affected by such events, the evacuation of the populace from areas in which our stores, clubs and distribution and fulfillment centers are located, the unavailability of our digital platforms to our customers, changes in the purchasing patterns of consumers (including the frequency of visits by consumers to physical retail locations, whether as a result of limitations on large gatherings, travel and movement limitations or otherwise), such as hurricane otis that impacted our stores and operations around acapulco, mexico in fiscal 2024, although not material to our consolidated financial performance. moreover, these disasters and events can negatively impact consumers' disposable income, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some suppliers, the disruption in the transport of goods from overseas, the disruption or delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution and fulfillment centers or stores within a country in which we are operating, the reduction in the availability of products in our stores, increases in the costs of procuring products as a result of either reduced availability or economic sanctions, increased transportation costs (whether due to fuel prices, fuel supply or otherwise), the disruption (whether directly or indirectly) of critical infrastructure systems, banking systems, utility services or energy availability to our stores, clubs and our facilities and the disruption in our communications with our stores, clubs and our other facilities.
furthermore, the long-term impacts of climate change, whether involving physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions, drought or rising sea levels) or transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes) are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. certain impacts of physical risk may include: temperature changes that increase the heating and cooling costs at stores, clubs and distribution or fulfillment centers; extreme weather patterns that affect the production or sourcing of certain commodities; flooding and extreme storms that damage or destroy our buildings and inventory; and heat and extreme weather events that cause long-term disruption or threats to the habitability of the communities in which we operate. relative to transition risk, certain impacts may include: changes in energy and commodity prices driven by climate-related weather events; prolonged climate-related events affecting macroeconomic conditions with related effects on consumer spending and confidence; stakeholder perception of our engagement in climate-related policies; and new regulatory requirements resulting in higher compliance risk and operational costs.
we bear the risk of losses incurred as a result of physical damage to, or destruction of, any stores, clubs and distribution or fulfillment centers; theft, loss or spoilage of inventory; and business interruption caused by such events. these events and their impacts could otherwise disrupt and adversely affect our operations and could materially adversely affect our financial performance. moreover, our operations in the u.s. comprise a significant portion of our financial and operational performance. therefore, any of the above matters that uniquely impact or are specifically concentrated in the u.s. could materially adversely affect our financial and operational performance.
risks associated with our suppliers could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
the products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. we expect our suppliers to comply with applicable laws, including labor, safety, anti-corruption and environmental laws, and to otherwise meet our required supplier standards of conduct. our ability to find qualified suppliers who uphold our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner and in the large volumes we may demand, is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the u.s.
political and economic instability, as well as other impactful events and circumstances (such as pandemic recovery related challenges, including supply chain disruption and production, labor shortages and increases in labor costs) in the countries in which our suppliers and their manufacturers are located or regions goods are transported from or through, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers not having the financial ability or capacity to fulfill their indemnification obligations to us if called upon, thereby exposing us to the full cost of risks and claims, suppliers' failure to meet our terms and conditions or our supplier standards (including our responsible sourcing standards), labor problems experienced by our suppliers and their manufacturers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise safety and quality issues, disruption or delay in the transportation of merchandise from the suppliers and manufacturers to our stores, clubs and other facilities, including as a result of labor slowdowns at any port at which a material amount of merchandise we purchase enters into the markets in which we operate, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, transport security, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control.
in addition, u.s. and international trade policies, tariffs and other restrictions on the exportation and importation of goods, trade sanctions imposed between certain countries and entities, the limitation on the exportation or importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. these and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our operations and financial performance.
if the quality or safety of products we sell in stores or online fails to meet our customers' expectations or regulatory standards, we could lose customers, incur liability for any injuries caused by a product we sell or otherwise experience a material impact to our brand, reputation and financial performance.
our customers count on us to provide them with quality products at an affordable price. occasionally, the quality of products that we source from our suppliers fails to meet customer expectations. in many cases, these products are subject to regulatory action or recall. for general merchandise, this could be because the product fails to meet safety standards. for food products, it could be because the product is a source of foodborne illness. for health and wellness products, it could be because the product does not produce the expected result for the customer or harms the customer. any of these factors could cause customers to avoid purchasing certain products from us, or to choose to buy products from a different retailer, even if the quality issue is outside of our control. any lost confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and costly to reestablish. when a product we sell does not meet quality or safety standards, there is an increased risk of liability for harm the product may cause our customers. while we rely on our suppliers to meet our safety and quality expectations, and to indemnify us if their products do not, certain suppliers may not have the financial capacity or ability to fulfill their indemnification obligations. in that case, we are exposed to the full cost of liability claims. any issue regarding the quality or safety of products we sell, regardless of the cause, could adversely affect our brand, reputation and financial performance.
if the quality or safety of products offered for sale on our third-party marketplace fails to meet our customers' expectations or regulatory standards, we could be held directly liable, lose customers, become subject to regulatory enforcement or otherwise experience reputational harm.
some of the products customers buy from our website are sold by third parties, which we refer to as marketplace transactions. while that transaction ultimately occurs between the third-party seller and the customer, some regulators and courts have taken a view that the retailer is responsible for marketplace transactions that occur on a retailer's digital platform. unsettled law on whether a retailer is responsible for intellectual property or product liability claims related to marketplace transactions creates additional risk. any unfavorable changes or legal interpretations could further expose us to liability. in addition, poor quality or safety of third-party products offered for sale on our platforms could erode customer trust, leading to loss of sales, reduction in transactions and deterioration of our competitive position. in addition, we may face reputational, financial and other risks, including liability, for third-party products offered for sale on our platform that are controversial, counterfeit, pirated or stolen or that infringe the intellectual property rights of others. we may not be able to collect sufficient damages for these types of breaches from third-party sellers. furthermore, a regulator may view us as having responsibility for regulatory compliance of the third-party products offered for sale on our platform. although we have marketplace compliance controls in place and impose contractual terms on sellers to prohibit sales of non-compliant products, we may not be able prevent sellers from offering prohibited items for sale, enforce such terms, or fully protect against regulatory risk. any of these events could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations and impede the execution of our ecommerce growth and enterprise strategy.
we rely extensively on information and financial systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. disruptions in our systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations.
given the number of individual transactions we have each year, it is crucial that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical information systems. our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security incidents and breaches from a variety of threat actors, including both cybercriminals and nation state-sponsored actors, catastrophic events such as fires, major or extended winter storms, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, usage errors by our associates or contractors, civil or political unrest or armed hostilities. the availability of our information systems and the integrity of data are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores and clubs and our online operations. our information systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. if our systems are damaged, breached, attacked, interrupted or otherwise cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and may experience loss or corruption of data as well as suffer interruptions in our business operations in the interim. any interruption to the availability of our information systems or corruption of our data may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. in addition, the cost of securing our systems against failure or attack is considerable, and increases in these costs, particularly in the wake of a breach or failure, could be significant.
in addition, we frequently update our information technology hardware, software, processes and systems. the risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken. if we fail to timely or successfully integrate and update our information systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings or operational benefits anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. for example, during the first quarter of the fiscal year ended january 31, 2024, we initiated an upgrade to our existing financial system, including our general ledger and other applications. if we are unable to implement this upgrade as planned, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be adversely affected; our ability to assess those controls adequately could be delayed; and our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be negatively impacted.
if the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop with us online and enable us to deliver products and services do not function effectively, our operating results, as well as our ability to grow our omni-channel business globally, could be materially adversely affected.
increasingly, customers are using computers, tablets and smart phones to shop with us and with our competitors and to do comparison shopping. we use social media, online advertising and email to interact with our customers and as a means to enhance their shopping experience. as a part of our omni-channel sales strategy, we offer various pickup, delivery and shipping programs including options where many products available for purchase online can be picked up by the customer or member at a local walmart store or sam's club, which provides additional customer traffic at such stores and clubs. omni-
channel retailing is a rapidly evolving part of the retail industry and of our operations around the world, and we continue to make investments in supply chain automation to support our omni-channel strategy. we must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations through focusing on the building and delivery of a seamless shopping experience across all channels by each operating segment. moreover, some of the various technology systems and services on which we rely are provided and managed by third-party service providers. to the extent either our or such other third-party systems and services do not perform or function as anticipated, whether because of an inherent flaw in the technology, a faulty implementation or a cybersecurity incident, such failure can significantly interfere with our ability to meet our customers' changing expectations. any disruption or failure on our part to provide attractive, user-friendly and secure digital platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise and services at competitive prices and with low cost and rapid delivery options and that continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers and developments in online and digital platform merchandising and related technology in a cost-efficient manner could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of ecommerce and other sales, harm our reputation with customers, have a material adverse impact on the growth of our ecommerce business globally and have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
any failure to maintain the privacy or security of the information relating to our company, customers, members, associates, business partners and vendors, whether as a result of cyberattacks on our information systems or otherwise, could damage our reputation, result in litigation or other legal actions against us, result in fines, penalties, and liability, cause us to incur substantial additional costs and materially adversely affect our business and operating results.
like most retailers, we process in our information systems personal information and/or payment information about our customers and members, and we also process information concerning our associates and vendors. in addition, our health and wellness business operations, the walmart health locations, and third-party service providers who handle information on our behalf, store and maintain personal health information. some of this information is stored digitally in connection with the digital platforms and technologies that we use to conduct and facilitate our various businesses. we utilize third-party service providers for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, for digital storage technology, compute capacity, content delivery to customers and members, back-office support and other functions. such providers may have access to information we hold about our customers, members, associates, business partners or vendors. in addition, our ecommerce operations depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments.
cyber threats are rapidly evolving and those threats and the means for disrupting or obtaining access to information systems or information stored in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated and frequent, and in some cases, they may lead to successful attacks. unauthorized activities directed against information systems and devices, whether our own or those of our third-party service providers and vendors, have resulted in cybersecurity incidents, including malware, ransomware, denial of service attacks or phishing incidents. we expect that our information systems and those of our third-party service providers, vendors and suppliers will continue to experience such attempted attacks in the future, which could include disruptions to our supply chain system. cyberattacks and threat actors can be sponsored by particular nation-states, or be the work of sophisticated criminal organizations, insiders (including our associates or contractors) or third parties, each with a wide-range of motives and expertise. we and the businesses with which we interact have experienced and continue to experience incidents and threats to data and information systems. these incidents and threats have included and are likely to continue to include both random and targeted cyberattacks, computer viruses, phishing incidents, worms, bot attacks, ransomware or other destructive or disruptive software and attempts to misappropriate customer information, including credit card and payment information, and cause system failures and disruptions. the increased use of remote work infrastructure in recent years has also increased the possible attack surfaces to be exploited. our logging capabilities, or the logging capabilities of third parties, are also not always complete or sufficiently detailed, affecting our ability to fully investigate and understand the scope of security events. as noted above, some of our information systems and those of our third-party service providers have experienced cybersecurity incidents or breaches and, although to date they have not had a material adverse effect on our operating results, there can be no assurance of a similar result in the future.
our digital platforms, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope, and the systems on which they run, including those applications and systems used in legacy operations and acquired ecommerce, technology or other businesses, are regularly subject to cyberattacks. those attacks involve attempts to impede the operations of our system or gain unauthorized access to our ecommerce websites (including marketplace platforms) or mobile commerce applications to obtain and misuse customers' or members' information including personal information and/or payment information and related risks discussed in this item 1a. such attacks, if successful, may result in potential data misuse and/or loss and may create denials of service or otherwise disable, degrade or sabotage the information systems that enable or support one or more of our digital platforms or otherwise significantly disrupt our customers' and members' shopping experience, our supply chain integrity and continuity and our ability to efficiently operate our business. if we are unable to maintain the security of the information systems that enable or support our digital platforms and keep them operating within acceptable parameters, we could suffer loss of sales, reductions in transactions, reputational damage and deterioration of our competitive position and incur liability for any damage to customers, members or others whose personal or confidential information is unlawfully obtained and misused, any of which events could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations and impede the execution of our strategy for the growth of our business.
associate error or malfeasance, faulty password management, social engineering or other vulnerabilities and irregularities may also result in a defeat of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers and a compromise or breach of our or their information systems. moreover, the hardware, software or applications that comprise our information system and networked environment may have vulnerabilities or defects of design, coding, manufacture or operations that could be intentionally exploited or inadvertently used in a manner that could compromise information security. given the age, size and complexity of these information systems and our networked environment, patches for certain vulnerabilities may not exist and, even where patches or other risk-mitigating activities are available, the deployment of patches or execution of risk-mitigating actions may not occur before an underlying vulnerability is exploited by threat actors or inadvertently results in the compromise of our information systems or data.
any compromise of our information systems or of those of businesses with which we interact, which results in regulated data or confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged, disclosed, destroyed, modified, lost or used by unauthorized persons could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions (including, with respect to health information, liability under the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, or "hipaa"), customer attrition, remediation expenses and claims from customers, members, associates, vendors, financial institutions, payment card networks and other persons, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business operations, financial position and results of operations.
because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems or data change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of a compromise, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures, or detect the activities of a threat actor. even if we detect a cybersecurity incident, the nature and extent of that cybersecurity incident may not be immediately clear. based on the sophistication of the threat actors and the size and complexity of our information systems and networked environment, among other factors, an investigation into a cybersecurity incident could take a significant amount of time to complete. we may not understand or appreciate that what is detected and treated as multiple individual cybersecurity incidents or events may be associated with the coordinated actions of a single threat actor. in addition, while our investigation of a cybersecurity incident is ongoing, we may not know the full extent of the harm caused by a threat actor, and such harm may spread both internally and to certain customers, vendors, or other third parties. these factors may inhibit our ability to provide rapid, complete and reliable information about the cybersecurity incident to customers, counterparties and regulators, as well as the public. it may also not be clear how best to contain and remediate any harm caused by the cybersecurity incident, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated. any or all of these factors could further increase the costs and consequences of a cybersecurity incident on our business operations, financial position and results of operations.
to the extent that any cyberattack, ransomware or incursion in our or one of our third-party service provider's information systems results in the loss, damage, misappropriation or other compromise of information, we may be materially adversely affected by claims from customers, members, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card networks and others.
our compliance programs, information technology and enterprise risk management efforts cannot eliminate all systemic risk. disruptions in our systems caused by associate error or malfeasance, security incidents, breaches or cyberattacks - including attacks on those parties we do business with (such as strategic partners, suppliers, banks or utility companies) - could harm our ability to conduct our operations, which may have a material effect on us, may result in losses that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations, or may have a cascading effect that adversely impacts our partners, third-party service providers, customers, members, financial services firms and other third parties that we interact with on a regular basis.
our reputation with our customers and members is important to the success of our enterprise strategy, which combines traditional retail, membership models, marketplaces, financial services, healthcare, and other customer and business services into a series of interconnected assets to make it seamless for customers to interact with us. security-related events could be widely publicized and could materially adversely affect our reputation with our customers, members, associates, vendors and shareholders, could harm our competitive position particularly with respect to our ecommerce operations, and could result in a material reduction in our net sales in our ecommerce operations, as well as in our stores thereby materially adversely affecting our operations, net sales, growth rates, operating income, results of operations, financial position, cash flows and liquidity. such events could also result in the release to the public of confidential information about our operations and financial position and performance and could result in litigation or other legal actions against us or the imposition of penalties, fines, fees or liabilities, which may not be covered by our insurance policies. moreover, a security compromise or operationally impactful malware event, such as ransomware, could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created by the issue and to expend significant additional resources to upgrade further the security measures we employ to guard personal and confidential information against cyberattacks and other attempts to access or otherwise compromise such information and could result in a disruption of our operations, particularly our digital operations.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, electronic benefits transfer (ebt) cards, mobile payments and our private label credit cards and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time, which may have information security risk implications. as a retailer accepting debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to various industry data protection standards and protocols, such as payment network security operating guidelines and the payment card industry data security standard. we cannot be certain that the security measures we or our third-party suppliers maintain are able to detect, prevent or contain cyberattacks, cyberterrorism, security incidents, breaches or other compromises from malware, ransomware or other threats that are known or may be developed in the future. in certain circumstances, our contracts with payment card processors and payment card networks (such as visa, mastercard, american express and discover) generally require us to adhere to payment card network rules which could make us liable to payment card issuers and others if information in connection with payment cards and payment card transactions that we process is compromised, which liabilities could be substantial.
additionally, through various financial service partners and our one fintech venture, we offer various services such as money transfers, digital payment platforms, bill payment, money orders, check cashing, prepaid access, co-branded credits cards, installment lending and earned wage access. these products and services require us to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, including those related to privacy, information security, anti-money laundering and sanctions regimes and consumer protection, under both u.s. state and federal laws and regulations, as well as those of certain other countries. failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in fines, sanctions, penalties and harm to our reputation.
we also have compliance obligations associated with privacy laws enacted to protect and regulate the collection, use, retention, disclosure and transfer of personal information, which include liability for security and privacy breaches. among other obligations, breaches may trigger obligations under u.s. federal and state laws and those in certain other countries to notify affected individuals, government agencies and the media. consequently, cybersecurity incidents that result in a data breach could subject us to fines, sanctions and other legal liability and harm our reputation.
changes in third-party reimbursements and contracts, type or scope of offerings of our health and wellness business or the walmart health business could adversely affect our overall results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we have retail pharmacy operations in our walmart u.s. and sam's club segments across the u.s. and in various of our international markets such as canada and mexico. we also provide management services to walmart health centers that offer medical, dental, behavioral health and other health services in a number of states, as well as a national telehealth service provider. in addition, our 10-year collaboration with unitedhealth group includes agreements for walmart health to provide value-based care to patients in certain areas of the u.s., among other initiatives.
a large majority of our retail pharmacy net sales are generated by filling prescriptions for which we receive payment through established contractual relationships with third-party payers and payment administrators, such as private insurers, governmental agencies and pharmacy benefit managers ("pbms"). our retail pharmacy operations are subject to numerous risks, including: reductions in the third-party reimbursement rates for drugs; changes in our payer mix (i.e., shifts in the relative distribution of our pharmacy customers across drug insurance plans and programs toward plans and programs with less favorable reimbursement terms); changes in third-party payer drug formularies (i.e., the schedule of prescription drugs approved for reimbursement or which otherwise receive preferential coverage treatment); growth in, and our participation in or exclusion from, pharmacy payer network arrangements, including exclusive and preferred pharmacy network arrangements operated by pbms and/or any insurance plan or program; increases in the prices we pay for brand name and generic prescription drugs we sell; increases in the administrative burdens associated with seeking third-party reimbursement; changes in the frequency with which new brand name pharmaceuticals become available to consumers; introduction of lower cost generic drugs as substitutes for existing brand name drugs for which there was no prior generic drug competition; changes in drug mix (i.e., the relative distribution of drugs customers purchase at our pharmacies between brands and generics); changes in the health insurance market generally; changes in the scope of or the elimination of medicare part d or medicaid drug programs; increased competition from other retail pharmacy operations including competitors offering online retail pharmacy options and/or home delivery options; further consolidation and strategic alliances among third-party payers, pbms or purchasers of drugs; overall economic conditions and the ability of our pharmacy customers to pay for drugs prescribed for them to the extent the costs are not reimbursed by a third-party; failure to meet any performance or incentive thresholds to which our level of third-party reimbursement may be subject; changes in laws or regulations or the practices of third-party payers and pbms related to the use of third-party financial assistance to assist our pharmacy customers with paying for drugs prescribed for them; and any additional changes in the state or federal regulatory environment for the retail pharmacy industry and the pharmaceutical industry, including as a result of health reform efforts, and other changes to or novel interpretations of existing state or federal laws, rules and regulations that affect our retail pharmacy business.
if the supply of certain pharmaceuticals provided by one or more of our vendors were to be disrupted for any reason, our pharmacy operations could be severely affected until at least such time as we could obtain a new supplier for such pharmaceuticals. any such disruption could cause reputational damage and result in a significant number of our pharmacy customers transferring their prescriptions to other pharmacies.
walmart health clinical operations are also subject to numerous risks, including but not limited to: reductions in the third-party reimbursement rates for services; changes in our payer mix; changes in the health insurance market generally; our inability to retain and negotiate favorable contracts with private third-party payers, including managed care plans; competition for patients from other healthcare providers, including those that offer telehealth services; changes to healthcare provider utilization practices and treatment methodologies; trends toward value-based purchasing and price transparency; overall economic conditions and the ability of patients to pay for services; staffing challenges, including retention of a sufficient number and quality of healthcare professionals; compliance with the complex and extensive laws and regulations governing the healthcare industry; changes in laws and regulations, including as a result of health reform efforts; and healthcare technology initiatives, including those related to patient data and interoperability; and public health conditions.
one or a combination of the factors above may adversely affect the volumes of brand name and generic pharmaceuticals we sell, our cost of sales associated with our retail pharmacy operations, and the net sales and gross margin of those operations or result in the loss of cross-store or cross-club selling opportunities. in addition, these and other factors may adversely affect the type, volume and mix of services we provide, the reimbursement we receive for health and wellness services rendered, and the scope and pace of expansion of walmart health and related offerings. any of these developments could, in turn, adversely affect our overall net sales, other results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
our failure to attract and retain qualified associates, increases in wage and benefit costs, changes in laws and other labor issues could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
our ability to continue to conduct and expand our operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified associates globally. our ability to meet our labor needs, including our ability to find qualified personnel to fill positions that become vacant at our existing stores, clubs, distribution and fulfillment centers and corporate offices, while controlling our associate wage and related labor costs, is generally subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force of the markets in which we operate, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations. additionally, our ability to successfully execute organizational changes, including our enterprise strategy and management transitions within our senior leadership, and to effectively motivate and retain associates are critical to our business success. we compete for talent with other retail and non-retail businesses, including, for example, technology, health and wellness and fintech businesses, and invest significant resources in training and motivating our associates. increased competition among potential employers at all levels, including senior management and executive levels, could result in increased associate costs or make it more difficult to recruit and retain associates. if we are unable to locate, attract or retain qualified personnel, or manage leadership transition successfully, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our financial performance may be adversely affected.
in addition, if our costs of labor or related costs increase for other reasons or if new, revised or novel interpretations of existing labor laws, rules or regulations or healthcare laws, including those related to worker classification, are adopted or implemented that further increase our labor costs, our financial performance could be materially adversely affected.
financial risks failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock.
we believe that the price of our stock generally reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including our consolidated net sales, consolidated operating income, growth rates, ecommerce growth rates, advertising and other higher-margin initiatives (which is expected to help drive our operating income growth at a rate faster than net sales over the long term), capital expenditures, comparable store and club sales growth rates or earnings and adjusted earnings per share could cause the market price of our stock to decline, as could changes in our dividend or stock repurchase programs or policies, changes in our effective tax rates, changes in our financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts or, failure of our performance to compare favorably to that of other retailers may have a negative effect on the price of our stock.
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may materially adversely affect our financial performance and our reported results of operations.
our operations in countries other than the u.s. are conducted primarily in the local currencies of those countries. our consolidated financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, and to prepare those financial statements we must translate the amounts of the assets, liabilities, net sales, other revenues and expenses of our operations outside of the u.s. from local currencies into u.s. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. in recent years, fluctuations in currency exchange rates that were unfavorable have had adverse effects on our reported results of operations.
as a result of such translations, fluctuations in currency exchange rates from period-to-period that are unfavorable to us may also result in our consolidated financial statements reflecting significant adverse period-over-period changes in our financial performance or reflecting a period-over-period improvement in our financial performance that is not as robust as it would be without such fluctuations in the currency exchange rates. such unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations will adversely affect the reported performance of our walmart international operating segment and have a corresponding adverse effect on our reported consolidated results of operations.
we may pay for products we purchase for sale in our stores, clubs and ecommerce platforms around the world with a currency other than the local currency of the country in which the goods will be sold. when we must acquire the currency to pay for such products and the exchange rates for the payment currency fluctuate in a manner unfavorable to us, our cost of sales may increase and we may be unable or unwilling to change the prices at which we sell those goods to address that increase in our costs, with a corresponding adverse effect on our gross profit. consequently, unfavorable fluctuations in currency exchange rates have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our results of operations.
legal, tax, regulatory, compliance, reputational and other risks our international operations subject us to legislative, judicial, accounting, legal, regulatory, tax, political and economic risks and conditions specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could materially adversely affect our business or financial performance.
in addition to our u.s. operations, we operate retail and ecommerce businesses in africa, canada, central america, chile, china, india and mexico.
during fiscal 2024, our walmart international operations generated approximately 18% of our consolidated net sales. walmart international's operations in various countries also source goods and services from other countries. our future operating results in these countries could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, most of which are beyond our control. these factors include political conditions, including political instability, local and global economic conditions, legal and regulatory constraints, such as regulation of product and service offerings including regulatory restrictions (such as foreign ownership restrictions) on ecommerce and retail operations in international markets, such as india, restrictive governmental actions (such as trade protection measures or nationalization), antitrust and competition law regulatory matters (such as those underway in canada, mexico and india (relating to our flipkart subsidiary)), local product safety and environmental laws, tax regulations, local labor laws, anti-money laundering laws and regulations, trade policies, foreign exchange or currency regulations, laws and regulations regarding consumer and data protection, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future.
changing our operations in accordance with new or changed restrictions on international trade or newly imposed sanctions can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to our operations, and such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice and we may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. in addition, tensions between nation-state governments and conflicts of laws may lead to challenges for our operations. if disputes and conflicts further escalate in the future, actions by governments in response could be significantly more severe and restrictive and could adversely affect our business or financial performance and our reputation. political uncertainty surrounding trade and other international disputes could also have a negative effect on consumer confidence and spending, which could also adversely affect our business or financial performance and our reputation. the economies of some of the countries in which we have operations have in the past suffered from high rates of inflation and currency devaluations, which, if they recur, could adversely affect our financial performance. other factors which may impact our international operations include foreign trade, monetary and fiscal policies of the u.s. and of other countries, laws, regulations and other activities of foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having numerous facilities located in countries that have historically been less stable than the u.s. additional risks inherent in our international operations generally include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights in countries other than the u.s. the various risks inherent in doing business in the u.s. generally also exist when doing business outside of the u.s., and may be exaggerated by the difficulty of doing business in numerous sovereign jurisdictions due to differences in culture, geopolitical tensions or events, laws and regulations.
in foreign countries in which we have operations, a risk exists that our associates, contractors or agents could, in contravention of our policies, engage in business practices prohibited by u.s. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the foreign corrupt practices act or u.s. sanctions laws and regulations or the laws and regulations of other countries. we maintain global policies which appropriately regulate such business practices and have in place global compliance programs designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations. nevertheless, we remain subject to the risk that one or more of our associates, contractors or agents, including those based in or from countries where practices that violate such u.s. laws and regulations or the laws and regulations of other countries may be customary, will engage in business practices that are appropriately regulated by our policies, circumvent our compliance programs and, by doing so, violate such laws and regulations. any such violations, even if prohibited by our internal policies, could subject us to fines and penalties and adversely affect our business or financial performance and our reputation.
changes in tax and trade laws, regulations and interpretations could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
in fiscal 2024, our walmart u.s. and sam's club operating segments generated approximately 82% of our consolidated net sales. significant changes in tax and trade policies, including tariffs and government regulations affecting trade between the u.s. and other countries where we source many of the products we sell in our stores and clubs could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. a significant portion of the general merchandise we sell in our u.s. stores and clubs is manufactured in other countries. any such actions including the imposition of further tariffs on imports could increase the cost to us of such merchandise (whether imported directly or indirectly) and cause increases in the prices at which we sell such merchandise to our customers, which could materially adversely affect the financial performance of our u.s. and international operations as well as our business.
we are subject to income taxes, other taxes and tax collection and reporting obligations in both the u.s. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we currently operate or have historically operated. the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and current and deferred tax assets and liabilities requires judgment and estimation. our taxes could be materially adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in worldwide tax laws, tax rates, regulations or accounting principles and the interpretations of those rules. in addition, we also may not have sufficient notice to enable us to build systems and adopt processes to properly comply with new reporting or collection obligations by the effective date of those obligations.
we are also exposed to future tax legislation, as well as the issuance of future regulations and changes in administrative interpretations of existing tax laws, and changes in transfer pricing arrangements with our subsidiaries, any of which can impact our or our subsidiaries current and future years' tax provision. the effect of such changes in tax law, changes in administrative interpretations of existing tax laws or changes in transfer pricing arrangements could also have a material effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. in the u.s., the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tax act") significantly changed federal income tax laws that affect u.s. corporations. as further guidance is issued by the u.s. treasury department, the internal revenue service, and other standard-setting bodies, any resulting changes in our estimates will be treated in accordance with the relevant accounting guidance. compliance with the tax act and any other new tax rules, regulations, guidance and interpretations, including collecting information not regularly produced by us or unexpected changes in our estimates, may require us to incur additional costs and could affect our results of operations.
in addition, legislatures and taxing authorities in many jurisdictions in which we operate may enact changes to or seek to enforce novel interpretations of their tax rules. these changes could include modifications that have temporary effect and more permanent changes. for example, the organization for economic cooperation and development (the "oecd"), the european union and other countries (including countries in which we operate) have committed to enacting substantial changes to numerous long-standing tax principles impacting how large multinational enterprises are taxed. in particular, the oecd's pillar two initiative introduces a 15% global minimum tax applied on a country-by-country basis, which became effective in many jurisdictions in which we operate starting january 1, 2024. the impact of these potential new rules as well as any other changes in domestic and international tax rules and regulations could have a material effect on our effective tax rate.
furthermore, we are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities as well as subject to the prospective and retrospective effects of changing tax regulations, legislation and interpretations. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may materially differ from the tax amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and may materially affect our income tax provision, net income or cash flows in the period or periods for which such determination and settlement is made.
changes in and/or failure to comply with other laws, regulations and interpretations of such laws and regulations specific to the businesses and jurisdictions in which we operate could materially adversely affect our reputation, market position or our business and financial performance.
we operate in complex regulated environments in the u.s. and in other countries in which we operate and could be materially adversely affected by changes to existing legal requirements including the related interpretations and enforcement practices, new legal requirements and/or any failure to comply with applicable regulations. in addition, the degree of regulatory, political, and media scrutiny we face increases the likelihood that our efforts to adhere our practices and procedures to comply with these laws and legal requirements may be subject to frequent or increasing challenges.
our health and wellness operations in the u.s. and the operations of the walmart health locations are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations including, but not limited to, those related to: licensing, reimbursement arrangements and other requirements and restrictions; registration and regulation of pharmacies; dispensing and sale of controlled substances and products containing pseudoephedrine; governmental (including medicare and medicaid) and commercial reimbursement; data privacy and security and the sharing and interoperability of data, including obligations and restrictions related to health information (such as those imposed under hipaa); billing and coding for healthcare services and properly handling overpayments; debt collection; necessity and adequacy of healthcare services; relationships with referral sources and referral recipients and other fraud and abuse issues, such as those addressed by anti-kickback and false claims laws and patient inducement regulations; qualification of healthcare practitioners; quality and standards of medical services and equipment; and the practice of the professions of pharmacy, medical, dental and behavioral healthcare services, including limitations on the corporate practice of medicine in certain states.
health-related legislation at the federal and state level may have an adverse effect on our business or require us to modify certain aspects of our operations. for example, in the u.s., the drug enforcement administration ("dea") and various other regulatory authorities regulate the purchase, distribution, maintenance and dispensing of pharmaceuticals and controlled substances. we are required to hold valid dea and state-level licenses, meet various security and operating standards and comply with the federal and various state-controlled substance acts and related regulations governing the sale, dispensing, disposal and holding of controlled substances. the dea, the u.s. food and drug administration and state regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers, including the ability to seize or recall products and impose significant criminal, civil and administrative sanctions for violations of these laws and regulations. in addition, there has been recent heightened governmental and public scrutiny of pharmaceutical product pricing, which has resulted in federal and state legislation and regulations, executive orders and other initiatives and proposals designed to increase transparency in pharmaceutical product pricing and reform government program reimbursement methodologies (for example, the inflation reduction act, which includes, among other matters, policies designed to impact drug prices and reduce drug spending by the federal government). other health reform efforts at the federal and state levels may also impact our business or require us to modify certain aspects of our operations. we may not be able to predict the nature or success of reform initiatives, and the resulting uncertainties may have an adverse effect on our business.
we are also governed by foreign, national and state laws and regulations of general applicability, including laws and regulations related to competition and antitrust matters; protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous substances; food and drug safety, including drug supply chain security requirements; trade, consumer protection, and safety, including the availability, sale, price label accuracy, advertisement and promotion of products we sell and the financial services we offer (including through our digital channels, stores and clubs, as well as our one fintech venture); anti-money laundering prohibitions; consumer financial protection laws; economic, trade and other sanctions matters; licensure, certification and enrollment with government programs; data privacy and cybersecurity and the sharing and interoperability of data; working conditions, workplace health and safety, equal employment opportunity, worker classification, employee benefit and other labor and employment matters; and health and wellness related regulations for our pharmacy operations outside of the u.s. in addition, certain financial services we offer or make available are subject to u.s. and international legal and regulatory requirements, including those intended to help detect and prevent money laundering, fraud and other illicit activity, as well as consumer financial protections and sanctions laws. failure to meet these requirements could affect the profitability of our business activities; limit our ability to pursue business opportunities or conduct business in certain jurisdictions; require changes to business practices or governance or alter our relationships with our customers, partners and other third parties, including our ability to continue certain relationships in mexico, india or other international jurisdictions; result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight and compliance, litigation-related settlements, judgments or expenses, restitution to customers or the imposition of fines or monetary penalties. increased u.s. regulation of non-bank financial institutions may also result in additional requirements and scrutiny of certain financial services we offer.
increasing governmental and societal attention to esg matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting diligence, and disclosure topics such as climate change, sustainability (including with respect to our supply chain), natural resources, waste reduction, energy, human capital and risk oversight could expand the nature, scope and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report.
data privacy and protection laws or customer expectations relating to the collection, use, retention, disclosure, transfer and processing of personal information continue to undergo a rapid transformation in the u.s. and in non-u.s. jurisdictions. recently enacted state laws, such as the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa"), in a number of states that have become effective, or will soon be effective, have created a substantially more complex regulatory regime associated with data-handling practices. moreover, other laws and regulations related to data-handling and privacy that apply to our business, such as the illinois biometric information privacy act, the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), the united kingdom's general data protection regulation (which implements the gdpr into u.k. law), china's personal information protection act ("pipl"), and similar legislation in quebec canada further increases the compliance obligations of our business. certain of these laws have required us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses to comply, which we anticipate will continue in the future. these and other privacy and cybersecurity laws may carry significant potential damages and civil penalties for noncompliance. for example, in the case of non-compliance with a material provision of the gdpr (such as non-adherence to the core principles of processing personal data), regulators have the authority to levy a fine in an amount that is up to the greater of 20 million or 4% of global annual turnover (i.e., revenue) in the prior year. these administrative fines are discretionary and based, in each case, on a multi-factored approach. further, pipl took effect in china in november 2021. pipl raises the protection requirements for processing personal information and requires government approval to either allow the access of personal information in china by someone outside of china or conduct personal data transfers outside of china. fines for pipl violations range from approximately rmb 50 million to up to 5% of the infringing company's previous year's revenues generated from within china. we have made changes, and we may in the future make additional adjustments to our business practices, to comply with the personal information protection laws and regulations in china as they evolve. residents in jurisdictions with comprehensive privacy laws have rights to access, correct and require deletion of their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used and may have a private right of action for data breaches. furthermore, our marketing and customer engagement activities are subject to communications privacy laws such as the telephone consumer protection act. we may be subjected to penalties and other consequences for noncompliance, including changing some portions of our business. even an unsuccessful challenge by customer or regulatory authorities of our activities could result in adverse publicity, impact our reputation and could require a costly response from and defense by us.
the impact of new laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations, as well as changes in enforcement practices or regulatory scrutiny as to existing laws and regulations (including, but not limited to, in the u.s., shifting enforcement priorities for existing antitrust, competition and pricing laws, as well as proposed new rules and regulations) generally cannot be predicted, and changes in applicable laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations and enforcement practices of existing laws and regulations may require extensive system and operational changes, be difficult to implement, increase our operating costs, require significant capital expenditures, or adversely impact the cost or attractiveness of the products or services we offer, or result in adverse publicity and harm our reputation. if we fail to predict or respond adequately to changes, including by implementing strategic and operational initiatives, or do not respond as effectively as our competitors, our business, operations and financial performance may be adversely affected.
in addition, we may face audits or investigations by one or more government agencies relating to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. the regulatory, political and media scrutiny we face, which may continue, amplifies these risks. to the extent a regulator or court disagrees with our interpretation of these laws and determines that our practices are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties that could adversely affect the continued operation of our businesses, including: suspension of payments from government programs; loss of required licenses and certifications; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government programs, including the medicare and medicaid programs in the u.s.; termination from contractual relationships, including those with our drug suppliers and third-party payers; and significant fines or monetary damages. failure to comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements in the u.s. or in any of the countries in which we operate could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial position and results of operations.
we are subject to risks related to litigation and other legal proceedings that may materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and liquidity.
we operate in a highly regulated and litigious environment. we are involved in legal proceedings, including litigation, arbitration and other claims, and investigations, inspections, audits, claims, inquiries and similar actions by pharmacy, healthcare, tax, environmental and other governmental authorities. we may also have indemnification obligations for legal commitments of certain businesses we have divested. legal proceedings, in general, and securities, derivative action and class action and multi-district litigation, in particular, can be expensive and disruptive. some of these suits may purport or may be determined to be class actions and/or involve parties seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages, and may remain unresolved for several years. for example, we are currently a defendant in a number of cases containing class or collective-action allegations, or both, in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state wage and hour laws, as well as a number of cases containing class-action allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state consumer laws.
we have been responding to subpoenas, information requests and investigations from governmental entities related to nationwide controlled substance dispensing and distribution practices involving opioids. we are also a defendant in numerous litigation proceedings related to opioids, including the consolidated multidistrict litigation entitled in re national prescription opiate litigation (mdl no. 2804) currently pending in the u.s. district court for the northern district of ohio and a lawsuit filed against us by the united states department of justice in the district of delaware in 2020. similar cases that name us also have been filed in state courts by state, local and tribal governments, healthcare providers and other plaintiffs. plaintiffs in these cases are seeking compensatory and punitive damages, as well as injunctive relief including abatement. we have entered into a settlement framework to resolve certain of these matters and accrued a liability for approximately $3.3 billion, almost all of which was paid in fiscal 2024. we cannot predict the ultimate number of opioids-related claims that may be filed or their outcomes and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from opioids-related matters.
in addition, in july 2021, the directorate of enforcement in india issued a show cause notice to flipkart and other parties requesting the recipients show cause as to why further proceedings under india's foreign direct investment rules and regulations should not be initiated against them based on alleged violations that related to a period prior to our acquisition of a majority stake in flipkart in 2018. also, in october 2023, the main mexican operating subsidiary of wal-mart de mexico was notified of the initiation of a quasi-judicial administrative process against it for alleged relative monopolistic practices in connection with the supply and wholesale distribution of certain consumer goods, retail marketing practices of such consumer goods and related services. because this process is at an early stage, we cannot provide any assurance as to the scope and outcome of this matter, and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from this matter.
we can provide no assurance as to the scope or outcome of any proceeding that might result from the notice, the amount of proceeds we may receive in indemnification, and can provide no assurance as to whether there will be a material adverse effect to our business or consolidated financial statements. we are also a defendant in litigation with the federal trade commission regarding our money transfer agent services and is also cooperating with and responding to subpoenas issued by the u.s. attorney's office for the middle district of pennsylvania on behalf of the u.s. department of justice regarding our consumer fraud prevention program and anti-money laundering compliance related to our money transfer services, where we are an agent. we are unable to predict the outcome of the litigation or investigations or any other related actions by governmental entities regarding these matters and can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of these matters and whether our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected. we discuss in more detail these cases and other litigation to which we are party below under the caption "item 3. legal proceedings" and in note 10 in the "notes to our consolidated financial statements," which are part of this annual report on form 10-k.
our amended and restated bylaws designate the court of chancery of the state of delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could increase the costs for our shareholders to bring claims, discourage our shareholders from bringing claims, or limit our shareholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, associates or shareholders in such capacity.
our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the court of chancery of the state of delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for claims, including derivative claims that are based upon a violation of a duty by a current or former director, officer, associate or shareholder in such capacity or as to which the delaware general corporation law confers jurisdiction upon the court of chancery. the exclusive forum provision may increase the costs for a shareholder to bring a claim or limit a shareholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the shareholder finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, associates or shareholders in such capacity, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and such persons. alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, the claims as to which they are intended to apply, then we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial position or results of operations. while the exclusive forum provision applies to state and federal law claims, our shareholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with, and the exclusive forum provision will not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for actions brought under, the federal securities laws, including the exchange act, as amended, or the securities act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
our reputation may be adversely affected if we are not able to satisfy varied stakeholder expectations with respect to our esg goals.
we strive to deliver shared value through our business and our diverse stakeholders expect us to make significant progress in certain esg priority issue areas. stakeholder expectations regarding esg matters continue to evolve and are not uniform. we have established, and may continue to establish, various goals and initiatives on these matters, including with respect to climate change initiatives. we cannot guarantee that we will achieve these goals and initiatives. any failure, or perceived failure, by us to achieve these goals and initiatives or to otherwise meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations could adversely affect our reputation. we periodically publish information about our esg priorities, strategies and progress on our corporate website and update our esg reporting from time to time. achievement of these aspirations and goals is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control, and it is possible that we may fail, or be perceived to have failed, in the achievement of our esg goals or that certain of our customers, associates, shareholders, investors, suppliers, business partners, government agencies and non-governmental organizations might not be satisfied with our goals or our efforts toward achieving those goals. certain challenges we face in the achievement of our esg objectives are also captured within our esg reporting, which is not incorporated by reference into and does not form any part of this annual report on form 10-k. a failure or perceived failure to meet our goals could adversely affect public perception of our business, associate morale or customer or shareholder support.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview this discussion, which presents our results for the fiscal years ended january 31, 2024 ("fiscal 2024"), january 31, 2023 ("fiscal 2023") and january 31, 2022 ("fiscal 2022"), should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. we intend for this discussion to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from period to period and the primary factors that accounted for those changes. we also discuss certain performance metrics that management uses to assess the company's performance. additionally, the discussion provides information about the financial results of each of the three segments to provide a better understanding of how each of those segments and its results of operations affect the financial position and results of operations of the company as a whole.
throughout this item 7, we discuss segment operating income, comparable store and club sales and other measures.  management measures the results of the company's segments using each segment's operating income, including certain corporate overhead allocations, as well as other measures. from time to time, we revise the measurement of each segment's operating income and other measures as determined by the information regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker.
management also measures the results of comparable store and club sales, or comparable sales, a metric that indicates the performance of our existing stores and clubs by measuring the change in sales for such stores and clubs, for a particular period from the corresponding period in the previous year. walmart's definition of comparable sales includes sales from stores and clubs open for the previous 12 months, including remodels, relocations, expansions and conversions, as well as ecommerce sales. we measure the ecommerce sales impact by including all sales initiated digitally, including omni-channel transactions which are fulfilled through our stores and clubs as well as certain other business offerings that are part of our ecosystem, such as our walmart connect advertising business. sales at a store that has changed in format are excluded from comparable sales when the conversion of that store is accompanied by a relocation or expansion that results in a change in the store's retail square feet of more than five percent. sales related to divested businesses are excluded from comparable sales, and sales related to acquisitions are excluded until such acquisitions have been owned for 12 months. comparable sales are also referred to as "same-store" sales by others within the retail industry. the method of calculating comparable sales varies across the retail industry. as a result, our calculation of comparable sales is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
in discussing our operating results, the term currency exchange rates refers to the currency exchange rates we use to convert the operating results for countries where the functional currency is not the u.s. dollar into u.s. dollars. we calculate the effect of changes in currency exchange rates as the difference between current period activity translated using the current period's currency exchange rates and the comparable prior year period's currency exchange rates. additionally, no currency exchange rate fluctuations are calculated for non-usd acquisitions until owned for 12 months. throughout our discussion, we refer to the results of this calculation as the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations. volatility in currency exchange rates may impact the results, including net sales and operating income, of the company and the walmart international segment in the future.
on february 23, 2024, the company effected a 3-for-1 forward split of its common stock and a proportionate increase in the number of authorized shares. all share and per share information, including share based compensation, throughout this annual report on form 10-k has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split.
we have taken certain strategic actions across our segments, including an increased emphasis on investments in automation and supply chain as well as diversifying our earnings streams through category and business mix. additionally, in the walmart international segment, we have taken strategic actions to reshape our portfolio including the following highlights over the last three years:
in february 2021, we completed the sale of asda for net consideration of $9.6 billion. refer to note 12.
in march 2021, we completed the sale of seiyu for net consideration of $1.2 billion. refer to note 12.
in november 2022, we completed the buyout of the noncontrolling interest shareholders of our massmart subsidiary (refer to note 3) and in december 2022, we exited operations in certain countries in africa.
in december 2022, we increased our ownership in phonepe as part of the separation from our majority-owned flipkart subsidiary. refer to note 3.
we operate in a highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. we face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce, health and wellness, financial services, advertising and data service businesses. many of these competitors are national, regional or international chains or have a national or international omni-channel or ecommerce presence. we compete with a number of companies for attracting and retaining quality associates. we, along with other retail companies, are influenced by a number of factors including, but not limited to: catastrophic events, weather and other risks related to climate change, global health epidemics and pandemics, competitive pressures, consumer disposable income, consumer debt levels and buying patterns, consumer credit availability, disruptions in supply chain, inventory management, cost and availability of goods, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer preferences, inflation, deflation, fuel and energy prices, general economic conditions, insurance costs, interest rates, labor availability and costs, tax rates, the imposition of tariffs, cybersecurity attacks and unemployment. further information on the factors that can affect our operating results and on certain risks to our company and an investment in its securities can be found herein under "item 1a. risk factors."
we are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs. merchandise costs for fiscal 2024 continued to be impacted by inflation, however at a lower rate than we experienced in fiscal 2023. the impact to our net sales and gross profit margin is influenced in part by our pricing and merchandising strategies in response to cost increases. those pricing strategies include but are not limited to: absorbing cost increases instead of passing those cost increases on to our customers and members; reducing prices in certain merchandise categories; focusing on opening price points for certain food categories; and when necessary, passing cost increases on to our customers and members. merchandising strategies include, but are not limited to: working with our suppliers to reduce product costs and share in absorbing cost increases; focusing on private label brands and smaller pack sizes; earlier-than-usual purchasing and in greater volumes or moderating purchasing in certain categories; and securing ocean carrier and container capacity. these strategies have and may continue to impact gross profit as a percentage of net sales.
we expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to inflationary trends; swings in macroeconomic conditions and their effect on consumer confidence; volatility in employment trends; supply chain pressures; and ongoing uncertainties related to global health epidemics or pandemics, any of which may impact our results. for a detailed discussion on results of operations by reportable segment, refer to "results of operations" below.
company performance metrics we are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs.  at times, we adjust our business strategies to maintain and strengthen our competitive positions in the countries in which we operate.  we define our financial priorities as follows:
growth - serve customers through a seamless omni-channel experience;
margin - improve our operating income margin through productivity initiatives as well as category and business mix; and
returns - improve our return on investment ("roi") through margin improvement and disciplined capital spend.
growth our objective of prioritizing growth means we will focus on serving customers and members however they want to shop through our omni-channel business model. this includes increasing comparable store and club sales through increasing membership at sam's club and through walmart+, accelerating ecommerce sales growth and expansion of omni-channel initiatives that complement our strategy.
comparable sales is a metric that indicates the performance of our existing stores and clubs by measuring the change in sales for such stores and clubs, including ecommerce sales, for a particular period over the corresponding period in the previous year. the retail industry generally reports comparable sales using the retail calendar (also known as the 4-5-4 calendar). to be consistent with the retail industry, we provide comparable sales using the retail calendar in our quarterly earnings releases. however, when we discuss our comparable sales below, we are referring to our calendar comparable sales calculated using our fiscal calendar, which may result in differences when compared to comparable sales using the retail calendar. we focus on comparable sales in the u.s. as we believe it is a meaningful metric within the context of the u.s. retail market where there is a single currency, one inflationary market and generally consistent store and club formats from year to year.
calendar comparable sales, as well as the impact of fuel, for fiscal 2024 and 2023, were as follows:
fiscal years ended january 31,
2024                                  2023                       2024                    2023
with fuel                                        fuel impact walmart u.s.                       5.5%                    7.0%                     (0.1)%                    0.4%
sam's club                         2.3%                   14.6%                     (2.6)%                    4.2%
total u.s.                         4.9%                    8.2%                     (0.6)%                    1.0%
comparable sales in the u.s., including fuel, increased 4.9% and 8.2% in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. walmart u.s. comparable sales increased 5.5% and 7.0% in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. for fiscal 2024, comparable sales growth was driven by growth in transactions combined with growth in average ticket, including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. for fiscal 2023, comparable sales growth was driven by growth in average ticket, including strong food sales and higher inflation impacts in certain merchandise categories, as well as growth in transactions. walmart u.s. ecommerce sales positively contributed approximately 2.6% and 0.7% to comparable sales for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was primarily driven by store pickup and delivery.
comparable sales at sam's club increased 2.3% and 14.6% in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. for fiscal 2024, sam's club comparable sales benefited from growth in transactions and average ticket, including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. sam's club comparable sales for fiscal 2023 benefited from growth in transactions and average ticket and included higher inflation impacts in certain merchandise categories. sam's club ecommerce sales positively contributed approximately 1.7% and 0.8% to comparable sales for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively.
margin our objective of prioritizing margin focuses on growth with a focus on incremental margin accretion through a combination of productivity improvements as well as category and business mix. we invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs and we operate with discipline by managing expenses and optimizing the efficiency of how we work. additionally, we focus on our mix of businesses, including the expansion of connected value streams with higher margins, such as advertising and membership income. our objective is to achieve operating income leverage, which we define as growing operating income at a faster rate than net sales.
fiscal years ended january 31,
(amounts in millions, except unit counts)                                                                          2024                                  2023
net sales                                                                                                $642,637                              $605,881
percentage change from comparable period                                                                      6.1     %                             6.7     %
gross profit as a percentage of net sales                                                                    23.7     %                            23.5     %
operating, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales                         20.4     %                            21.0     %
operating income                                                                                          $27,012                               $20,428
operating income as a percentage of net sales                                                                 4.2     %                             3.4     %
gross profit as a percentage of net sales ("gross profit rate") increased 27 and decreased 98 basis points for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2024, the increase was primarily driven by the walmart u.s. segment, due to managing prices aligned to our competitive historic price gaps and lapping higher markdowns incurred in the prior year, partially offset by product mix shifts into lower margin categories. for fiscal 2023, the decrease was primarily due to markdowns and merchandise mix in the u.s., higher supply chain costs and inflation related lifo charges in the sam's club segment.
for fiscal 2024, operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 60 basis points when compared to the previous fiscal year. operating expenses as a percentage of net sales were positively impacted by lapping charges of $3.3 billion related to opioid-related legal settlements and $0.8 billion related to the reorganization and restructuring of certain businesses in the walmart international segment in the prior year.
for fiscal 2023, operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 23 basis points when compared to the previous fiscal year. operating expenses as a percentage of net sales were negatively impacted by the charges related to opioid-related legal settlements and the reorganization and restructuring of certain businesses in the walmart international segment discussed above. these charges were partially offset by growth in net sales and lower incremental covid-19 costs.
operating income as a percentage of net sales increased 83 basis points and decreased 120 basis points for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, due to the factors described above.
returns as we execute our financial framework, we believe our return on capital will improve over time. we measure return on capital with our return on assets, return on investment and free cash flow metrics. we also provide returns in the form of share repurchases and dividends, which are discussed in the liquidity and capital resources section.
return on assets and return on investment we include return on assets ("roa"), the most directly comparable measure based on our financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. ("gaap"), and return on investment ("roi") as metrics to assess returns on assets. while roi is considered a non-gaap financial measure, management believes roi is a meaningful metric to share with investors because it helps investors assess how effectively walmart is deploying its assets. trends in roi can fluctuate over time as management balances long-term strategic initiatives with possible short-term impacts. roa was 6.6% and 4.6% for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. the increase in roa was primarily due to the increase in consolidated net income, which was driven by higher operating income. roi was 15.0% and 12.7% for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. the increase in roi was the result of an increase in operating income, primarily due to lapping charges associated with opioid-related legal settlements as well as reorganization and restructuring expenses, all recorded in fiscal 2023, as well as improvements in business performance, partially offset by an increase in average invested capital, primarily due to higher purchases of property and equipment.
we define roi as adjusted operating income (operating income plus interest income, depreciation and amortization, and rent expense) for the trailing twelve months divided by average invested capital during that period. we consider average invested capital to be the average of our beginning and ending total assets, plus average accumulated depreciation and average amortization, less average accounts payable and average accrued liabilities for that period.
our calculation of roi is considered a non-gaap financial measure because we calculate roi using financial measures that exclude and include amounts that are included and excluded in the most directly comparable gaap financial measure. for example, we exclude the impact of depreciation and amortization from our reported operating income in calculating the numerator of our calculation of roi. as mentioned above, we consider roa to be the financial measure computed in accordance with gaap most directly comparable to our calculation of roi. roi differs from roa (which is consolidated net income for the period divided by average total assets for the period) because roi: adjusts operating income to exclude certain expense items and adds interest income; and adjusts total assets for the impact of accumulated depreciation and amortization, accounts payable and accrued liabilities to arrive at total invested capital. because of the adjustments mentioned above, we believe roi more accurately measures how we are deploying our key assets and is more meaningful to investors than roa. although roi is a standard financial measure, numerous methods exist for calculating a company's roi. as a result, the method used by management to calculate our roi may differ from the methods used by other companies to calculate their roi.
the calculation of roa and roi, along with a reconciliation of roi to the calculation of roa, the most comparable gaap financial measure, is as follows:
fiscal years ended january 31,
(amounts in millions)                                                                      2024                                  2023
calculation of return on assets numerator consolidated net income                                                           $16,270                               $11,292
denominator average total assets(1)                                                          $247,798                              $244,029
return on assets (roa)                                                                6.6     %                             4.6     %
calculation of return on investment numerator operating income                                                                  $27,012                               $20,428
+ interest income                                                                     546                                   254
+ depreciation and amortization                                                    11,853                                10,945
+ rent                                                                              2,277                                 2,306
roi operating income                                                              $41,688                               $33,933
denominator average total assets(1)                                                          $247,798                              $244,029
+ average accumulated depreciation and amortization(1)                            114,944                               106,249
- average accounts payable(1)                                                      55,277                                54,502
- average accrued liabilities(1)                                                   29,943                                28,593
average invested capital                                                         $277,522                              $267,183
return on investment (roi)                                                           15.0     %                            12.7     %
(1) the average is based on the addition of the account balance at the end of the current period to the account balance at the end of the prior period and dividing by 2.
as of january 31,
2024                       2023                          2022
certain balance sheet data total assets                                                $252,399                      $243,197                      $244,860
accumulated depreciation and amortization                    119,602                       110,286                       102,211
accounts payable                                              56,812                        53,742                        55,261
accrued liabilities                                           28,759                        31,126                        26,060
strategic capital allocation our strategy includes allocating the majority of our capital to higher-return areas focused on automation such as ecommerce, supply chain and store and club investments. the following table provides additional detail regarding our capital expenditures:
(amounts in millions)                                                                           fiscal years ended january 31, allocation of capital expenditures                                                    2024                                2023
supply chain, customer-facing initiatives and technology                     $11,828                              $9,209
store and club remodels                                                        5,792                               4,990
new stores and clubs, including expansions and relocations                        75                                  33
total u.s.                                                                   $17,695                             $14,232
walmart international                                                          2,911                               2,625
total capital expenditures                                                   $20,606                             $16,857
free cash flow free cash flow is considered a non-gaap financial measure. management believes, however, that free cash flow, which measures our ability to generate additional cash from our business operations, is an important financial measure for use in evaluating the company's financial performance. free cash flow should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, consolidated net income as a measure of our performance and net cash provided by operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. see "liquidity and capital resources" for discussions of gaap metrics including net cash provided by operating activities, net cash used in investing activities and net cash used in financing activities.
we define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities in a period minus payments for property and equipment made in that period. we had net cash provided by operating activities of $35.7 billion, $28.8 billion and $24.2 billion for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. we generated free cash flow of $15.1 billion, $12.0 billion and $11.1 billion for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2024 is primarily due to higher cash provided by operating income, as well as timing of certain payments and strategic inventory management as part of working capital initiatives, partially offset by payment of the remaining accrued opioid legal charges. free cash flow for fiscal 2024 increased when compared to fiscal 2023 due to the increase in operating cash flows described above, partially offset by an increase of $3.7 billion in capital expenditures to support our investment strategy. net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2023 increased when compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to moderated levels of inventory purchases, partially offset by a decline in operating income and the timing of certain payments. free cash flow for fiscal 2023 increased when compared to fiscal 2022 due to the increase in net cash provided by operating activities described above, partially offset by an increase of $3.8 billion in capital expenditures to support our investment strategy.
walmart's definition of free cash flow is limited in that it does not represent residual cash flows available for discretionary expenditures due to the fact that the measure does not deduct the payments required for debt service and other contractual obligations or payments made for business acquisitions. therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flow as a measure that provides supplemental information to our consolidated statements of cash flows.
although other companies report their free cash flow, numerous methods may exist for calculating a company's free cash flow. as a result, the method used by management to calculate our free cash flow may differ from the methods used by other companies to calculate their free cash flow.
the following table sets forth a reconciliation of free cash flow, a non-gaap financial measure, to net cash provided by operating activities, which we believe to be the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to free cash flow, as well as information regarding net cash used in investing activities and net cash used in financing activities.
fiscal years ended january 31,
(amounts in millions)                           2024                        2023                              2022
net cash provided by operating activities                    $35,726                           $28,841                           $24,181
payments for property and equipment                         (20,606)                          (16,857)                          (13,106)
free cash flow                                               $15,120                           $11,984                           $11,075
net cash used in investing activities(1)                   $(21,287)                         $(17,722)                          $(6,015)
net cash used in financing activities                       (13,414)                          (17,039)                          (22,828)
(1) "net cash used in investing activities" includes payments for property and equipment, which is also included in our computation of free cash flow.
results of operations consolidated results of operations fiscal years ended january 31,
(amounts in millions, except unit counts)                                  2024                              2023                              2022
total revenues                                                    $648,125                          $611,289                          $572,754
percentage change from comparable period                               6.0    %                          6.7    %                          2.4    %
net sales                                                         $642,637                          $605,881                          $567,762
percentage change from comparable period                               6.1    %                          6.7    %                          2.3    %
total u.s. calendar comparable sales increase                          4.9    %                          8.2    %                          7.7    %
gross profit rate                                                     23.7    %                         23.5    %                         24.4    %
operating income                                                   $27,012                           $20,428                           $25,942
operating income as a percentage of net sales                          4.2    %                          3.4    %                          4.6    %
loss on extinguishment of debt                                          $-                                $-                            $2,410
other (gains) and losses                                            $3,027                            $1,538                            $3,000
consolidated net income                                            $16,270                           $11,292                           $13,940
unit counts at period end(1)                                        10,616                            10,623                            10,593
retail square feet at period end(1)                                  1,053                             1,056                             1,060
(1) unit counts and associated retail square feet are presented for stores and clubs generally open as of period end, and reflects the removal of stores in the u.k. and japan subsequent to closing the divestitures in fiscal 2022. permanently closed locations are not included in these metrics.
our total revenues, which includes net sales and membership and other income, increased $36.8 billion or 6.0% and $38.5 billion or 6.7% for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. these increases in revenues were primarily due to increases in net sales, which increased $36.8 billion or 6.1% and $38.1 billion or 6.7% for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2024, the increase was primarily due to positive comparable sales for the walmart u.s. and sam's club segments, which were driven by growth in transactions, combined with growth in average ticket, including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness, along with positive comparable sales across our international markets. net sales were positively impacted by $3.0 billion of fluctuations in currency exchange rates during fiscal 2024. for fiscal 2023, the increase was primarily due to strong positive comparable sales for the walmart u.s. and sam's club segments which was driven by growth in average ticket, including strong food sales and higher inflation impacts in certain merchandise categories, as well as growth in transactions, along with positive comparable sales in all of our international markets. additionally, net sales were negatively impacted by a decrease of $5.0 billion related to the divestiture of our operations in the u.k. and japan, which closed in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 and $3.7 billion of fluctuations in currency exchange rates during fiscal 2023.
our gross profit rate increased 27 basis points and decreased 98 basis points for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2024, the increase was primarily driven by the walmart u.s. segment, due to managing prices aligned to our competitive historic price gaps and lapping higher markdowns incurred in the prior year, partially offset by product mix shifts into lower margin categories. for fiscal 2023, the decrease was primarily due to markdowns and merchandise mix in the u.s., higher supply chain costs and inflation related lifo charges in the sam's club segment.
for fiscal 2024, operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 60 basis points when compared to the previous fiscal year. operating expenses as a percentage of net sales were positively impacted by lapping charges of $3.3 billion related to opioid-related legal settlements and $0.8 billion related to the reorganization and restructuring of certain businesses in the walmart international segment in the prior year. for fiscal 2023, operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 23 basis points when compared to the previous fiscal year. operating expenses as a percentage of net sales were negatively impacted by the charges related to opioid-related legal settlements and the reorganization and restructuring of certain businesses in the walmart international segment discussed above. these charges were partially offset by growth in net sales and lower incremental covid-19 costs.
loss on extinguishment of debt was $2.4 billion in fiscal 2022 due to the early retirement of certain higher rate long-term debt to reduce interest expense in future periods. there were no such early retirements of debt in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023.
other gains and losses consist of certain non-operating items, such as the change in the fair value of our investments and gains or losses on business dispositions, which by their nature can fluctuate from period to period. other gains and losses consisted of a net loss of $3.0 billion and $1.5 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. the net loss in fiscal 2024 primarily consists of net losses associated with the fair value changes of our equity and other investments. the net loss in fiscal 2023 primarily consists of: net losses associated with the fair value changes of our equity and other investments; a gain of $0.4 billion recognized on the sale of our remaining equity method investment in brazil; and a $0.2 billion dividend from one of our investments.
our effective income tax rate was 25.5%, 33.6%, and 25.4% for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the higher effective tax rate in fiscal 2023 as compared to both fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2022 is primarily due to the tax impact of the business reorganization resulting in the full separation of phonepe from flipkart in fiscal 2023. our effective income tax rate may also fluctuate as a result of various factors, including changes in our assessment of unrecognized tax benefits, valuation allowances, changes in tax law, outcomes of administrative audits, the impact of discrete items and the mix and size of earnings among our u.s. operations and international operations, which are subject to statutory rates that are generally higher than the u.s. statutory rate. the reconciliation from the u.s. statutory rate to the effective income tax rates for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 is presented in note 9.
as a result of the factors discussed above, we reported $16.3 billion and $11.3 billion of consolidated net income for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, which represents an increase of $5.0 billion and a decrease of $2.6 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. diluted net income per common share attributable to walmart ("eps") was $1.91, $1.42 and $1.62 for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
walmart u.s. segment fiscal years ended january 31,
(amounts in millions, except unit counts)                                  2024                              2023                              2022
net sales                                                         $441,817                          $420,553                          $393,247
percentage change from comparable period                               5.1    %                          6.9    %                          6.3    %
calendar comparable sales increase                                     5.5    %                          7.0    %                          6.4    %
operating income                                                   $22,154                           $20,620                           $21,587
operating income as a percentage of net sales                          5.0    %                          4.9    %                          5.5    %
unit counts at period end                                            4,615                             4,717                             4,742
retail square feet at period end                                       699                               702                               703
net sales for the walmart u.s. segment increased $21.3 billion or 5.1% and $27.3 billion or 6.9% for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. the increases in net sales were primarily due to increases in comparable sales of 5.5% and 7.0% for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. comparable sales in fiscal 2024 were driven by growth in transactions combined with growth in average ticket, including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. comparable sales in fiscal 2023 were driven by growth in average ticket, including strong food sales and higher inflation impacts in certain merchandise categories, as well as growth in transactions. walmart u.s. ecommerce sales positively contributed approximately 2.6% and 0.7% to comparable sales for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was primarily driven by store pickup and delivery.
gross profit rate increased 20 basis points for fiscal 2024 and decreased 85 basis points for fiscal 2023, when compared to the respective previous fiscal year. the increase in fiscal 2024 gross profit rate was primarily due to managing prices aligned to our competitive historic price gaps and lapping higher net markdowns incurred in the prior year, partially offset by product mix shifts into lower margin categories. the decrease in fiscal 2023 gross profit rate was primarily due to net markdowns and product mix shifts into lower margin categories and increased supply chain costs, partially offset by price management impacts driven by cost inflation.
operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales increased 9 basis points for fiscal 2024 when compared to the previous fiscal year primarily driven by higher variable pay relative to last year as a result of exceeding our planned performance. for fiscal 2023, operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales decreased 25 basis points primarily driven by strong sales growth and lower incremental covid-19 related costs, partially offset by increased wage costs.
as a result of the factors discussed above, segment operating income increased $1.5 billion and decreased $1.0 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year.
walmart international segment fiscal years ended january 31,
(amounts in millions, except unit counts)                                  2024                              2023                              2022
net sales                                                         $114,641                          $100,983                          $100,959
percentage change from comparable period                              13.5    %                            -    %                       (16.8)    %
operating income                                                    $4,909                            $2,965                            $3,758
operating income as a percentage of net sales                          4.3    %                          2.9    %                          3.7    %
unit counts at period end                                            5,402                             5,306                             5,251
retail square feet at period end                                       274                               273                               277
net sales for the walmart international segment increased $13.7 billion or 13.5% for fiscal 2024 and were flat for 2023, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2024, the increase was primarily due to positive comparable sales across our international markets and positive fluctuations in currency exchange rates of $3.0 billion during fiscal 2024. for fiscal 2023, net sales benefited from positive comparable sales across all of our international markets, offset by the impacts of a decrease of $5.0 billion related to the divestiture of our operations in the u.k. and japan, which closed in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, as well as $3.7 billion of fluctuations in currency exchange rates during fiscal 2023.
gross profit rate increased 20 basis points and decreased 50 basis points for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2024, the increase was primarily driven by supply chain efficiencies partially offset by ongoing format and channel shifts. for fiscal 2023, the decrease was primarily driven by continued growth in lower margin formats and channels in china and category mix shifts into lower margin categories.
operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales decreased 152 basis points and increased 41 basis points for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. the decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales for fiscal 2024 was primarily due to the lapping of business reorganization and restructuring charges incurred related to flipkart and massmart in fiscal 2023 and an increase in sales in the current year. the increase in operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales for fiscal 2023, was primarily due to incurring these business reorganization and restructuring charges.
as a result of the factors discussed above, segment operating income increased $1.9 billion and decreased $0.8 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year.
sam's club segment fiscal years ended january 31,
(amounts in millions, except unit counts)                                2024                            2023                            2022
including fuel net sales                                                        $86,179                         $84,345                         $73,556
percentage change from comparable period                             2.2    %                       14.7    %                       15.1    %
calendar comparable sales increase                                   2.3    %                       14.6    %                       15.0    %
operating income                                                  $2,192                          $1,964                          $2,259
operating income as a percentage of net sales                        2.5    %                        2.3    %                        3.1    %
unit counts at period end                                            599                             600                             600
retail square feet at period end                                      80                              80                              80
excluding fuel (1)
net sales                                                        $75,057                         $71,665                         $64,860
percentage change from comparable period                             4.7    %                       10.5    %                        9.6    %
operating income                                                  $1,659                          $1,352                          $1,923
operating income as a percentage of net sales                        2.2    %                        1.9    %                        3.0    %
(1) we believe the "excluding fuel" information is useful to investors because it permits investors to understand the effect of the sam's club segment's fuel sales on its results of operations, which are impacted by the volatility of fuel prices. volatility in fuel prices may continue to impact the operating results of the sam's club segment in the future. management uses such information to better measure underlying operating results in the segment.
net sales for the sam's club segment increased $1.8 billion or 2.2% and $10.8 billion or 14.7% for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. the increases in net sales were primarily due to increases in comparable sales, including fuel, of 2.3% and 14.6% for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. comparable sales benefited from growth in transactions and average ticket, including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. additionally, fiscal 2024 growth was partially offset by lower fuel sales due to deflation in this category. sam's club ecommerce sales positively contributed approximately 1.7% and 0.8% to comparable sales for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was primarily driven by curbside pickup and ship to home.
gross profit rate increased 55 basis points and decreased 155 basis points for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2024, the increase in gross profit rate was primarily due to the lapping of elevated markdowns in the prior year, partially offset by product mix shifts into lower margin categories. for fiscal 2023, the decrease in gross profit rate was primarily due to inventory markdowns, elevated supply chain and ecommerce fulfillment costs and inflation related lifo charges.
membership and other income increased 7.5% and 7.0% for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2024 and 2023, the increases were primarily due to growth in membership base and plus penetration. fiscal 2024 was also positively impacted by higher plus renewals, as well as the expiration of a promotional offering offsetting membership fee increases during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024.
operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales increased 46 basis points and decreased 97 basis points for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. fiscal 2024 operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased primarily due to lower fuel sales and elevated technology spend. fiscal 2023 operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased primarily due to higher sales.
as a result of the factors discussed above, segment operating income increased $0.2 billion and decreased $0.3 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity the strength and stability of our operations have historically supplied us with a significant source of liquidity. our cash flows provided by operating activities, supplemented with our long-term debt and short-term borrowings, have been sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to invest in activities that support the long-term growth of our operations. generally, some or all of the remaining available cash flow has been used to fund dividends on our common stock and share repurchases. we believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be sufficient to fund operations, finance our global investment activities, pay dividends and fund our share repurchases for at least the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future.
net cash provided by operating activities fiscal years ended january 31,
(amounts in millions)                           2024                      2023                            2022
net cash provided by operating activities                  $35,726                         $28,841                         $24,181
net cash provided by operating activities was $35.7 billion, $28.8 billion and $24.2 billion for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2024 is primarily due to higher cash provided by operating income, as well as timing of certain payments and strategic inventory management as part of working capital initiatives, partially offset by payment of the remaining accrued opioid legal charges. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2023, when compared to the previous fiscal year, was primarily due to moderated levels of inventory purchases, partially offset by a decline in operating income and the timing of certain payments.
cash equivalents and working capital deficit cash and cash equivalents were $9.9 billion and $8.6 billion as of january 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. our working capital deficit, defined as total current assets less total current liabilities, was $15.5 billion and $16.5 billion as of january 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. the decrease in our working capital deficit is primarily driven by a decrease in accrued liabilities primarily due to the payment of the remaining accrued opioid legal charges and an increase in cash, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable and a decrease in inventories as part of working capital initiatives. we generally operate with a working capital deficit due to our efficient use of cash in funding operations, consistent access to the capital markets and returns provided to our shareholders in the form of payments of cash dividends and share repurchases.
we use intercompany financing arrangements in an effort to ensure cash can be made available in the country in which it is needed with the minimum cost possible. additionally, from time-to-time, we repatriate earnings and related cash from jurisdictions outside of the u.s. under current law, repatriations of foreign earnings will generally be free of u.s. federal tax, but may incur other taxes such as withholding or state taxes. we do not expect current local laws, or other existing limitations on anticipated future repatriations of cash amounts held outside the u.s. to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial position or results of operations.
as of january 31, 2024 and 2023, cash and cash equivalents of $3.5 billion and $2.9 billion, respectively, may not be freely transferable to the u.s. due to local laws or other restrictions or are subject to the approval of the noncontrolling interest shareholders.
net cash used in investing activities fiscal years ended january 31,
(amounts in millions)                        2024                        2023                              2022
net cash used in investing activities                 $(21,287)                         $(17,722)                         $(6,015)
net cash used in investing activities was $21.3 billion, $17.7 billion and $6.0 billion for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and generally consisted of capital expenditures. net cash used in investing activities increased $3.6 billion for fiscal 2024 when compared to the previous fiscal year primarily due to increased payments for property and equipment. net cash used in investing activities increased $11.7 billion for fiscal 2023 when compared to the previous fiscal year, primarily due to the result of lapping the net proceeds received from the divestitures of our operations in the u.k. and japan and an increase in capital expenditures to support our investment strategy.
capital expenditures refer to the "strategic capital allocation" section in our company performance metrics for capital expenditure detail for fiscal 2024 and 2023. for the fiscal year ending january 31, 2025 ("fiscal 2025"), we project capital expenditures will be approximately $20 billion to $24 billion, with a focus on technology, supply chain, and customer-facing initiatives.
net cash used in financing activities fiscal years ended january 31,
(amounts in millions)                        2024                        2023                              2022
net cash used in financing activities                 $(13,414)                         $(17,039)                         $(22,828)
net cash from financing activities generally consists of debt transactions, dividends paid, repurchases of company stock and transactions with noncontrolling interest shareholders. fiscal 2024 net cash used in financing activities decreased $3.6 billion when compared to the previous fiscal year. the decrease is primarily due to fewer repurchases of company stock, partially offset by the purchase of certain noncontrolling interests. fiscal 2023 net cash used in financing activities decreased $5.8 billion when compared to the previous fiscal year. the decrease was primarily due to repayments of long-term debt and related payment of premiums for the early extinguishment of certain notes in the prior fiscal year, partially offset by the equity funding from the sale of subsidiary stock in the prior fiscal year.
purchase and sale of subsidiary stock during fiscal 2024, we paid $3.5 billion to acquire shares from certain flipkart noncontrolling interest holders and settle the liability to former noncontrolling interest holders of phonepe. additionally, we received $0.7 billion related to new rounds of equity funding for the company's majority owned phonepe subsidiary.
during fiscal 2023, we completed a $0.4 billion buyout of the noncontrolling interest shareholders of our massmart subsidiary and completed a $0.4 billion acquisition of alert innovation, bringing our ownership to approximately 100% of both massmart and alert innovation.
during fiscal 2022, we received $3.2 billion primarily related to a new equity funding for our majority-owned flipkart subsidiary.
short-term borrowings we generally utilize the liquidity provided by short-term borrowings to provide funding for our operations, dividend payments, share repurchases, capital expenditures and other cash requirements. the following table includes additional information related to the our short-term borrowings for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022:
fiscal years ended january 31,
(amounts in millions)                                                 2024                            2023                          2022
maximum amount outstanding at any month-end                    $9,942                         $11,432                          $716
average daily short-term borrowings                             4,295                           7,250                           626
annual weighted-average interest rate                             5.1    %                        2.4    %                      3.7    %
short-term borrowings as of january 31, 2024 and 2023 were $0.9 billion and $0.4 billion, respectively, with weighted-average interest rates of 7.7% and 6.6%, respectively. we also have $15.0 billion of various undrawn committed lines of credit in the u.s. as of january 31, 2024 that provide additional liquidity, if needed. additionally, we maintain access to various credit facilities outside of the u.s. to further support our walmart international segment operations, as needed.
as of january 31, 2024, we have $2.1 billion of syndicated and fronted letters of credit available, of which $1.7 billion was drawn and represents an unrecorded current obligation.
long-term debt the following table provides the changes in our long-term debt for fiscal 2024:
(amounts in millions)                                long-term debt due within one year                long-term debt           total balances as of february 1, 2023                                    $4,191                              $34,649            $38,840
proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                -                                4,967              4,967
repayments of long-term debt                                      (4,213)                                  (4)            (4,217)
reclassifications of long-term debt                                 3,486                              (3,486)                  -
currency and other adjustments                                       (17)                 6                                  (11)
balances as of january 31, 2024                                    $3,447                              $36,132            $39,579
our total outstanding long-term debt increased $0.7 billion during fiscal 2024, primarily due to the issuance of new long-term debt in april 2023, partially offset by the maturities of certain long-term debt. refer to note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for details on the issuances of long-term debt.
estimated contractual interest payments associated with our long-term debt amount to $20.2 billion, with approximately $1.8 billion expected to be paid in fiscal 2025. estimated interest payments are based on our principal amounts and expected maturities of all debt outstanding as of january 31, 2024, and assumes interest rates remain at current levels for our variable rate instruments.
dividends our total dividend payments were $6.1 billion, $6.1 billion and $6.2 billion for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. effective february 20, 2024, the company approved the fiscal 2025 annual dividend of $0.83 per share, an increase over the fiscal 2024 annual dividend of $0.76 per share. for fiscal 2025, the annual dividend will be paid in four quarterly installments of $0.2075 per share, according to the following record and payable dates:
record date             payable date march 15, 2024          april 1, 2024
may 10, 2024            may 28, 2024
august 16, 2024         september 3, 2024
december 13, 2024       january 6, 2025
company share repurchase program from time to time, the company repurchases shares of its common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the company's board of directors. all repurchases made during fiscal 2024 were made under the current $20.0 billion share repurchase program approved in november 2022, which has no expiration date or other restrictions limiting the period over which the company can make repurchases. as of january 31, 2024, authorization for $16.5 billion of share repurchases remained under the share repurchase program. any repurchased shares are constructively retired and returned to an unissued status.
we regularly review share repurchase activity and consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, current cash needs, capacity for leverage, cost of borrowings, our results of operations and the market price of our common stock. we anticipate that a majority of the ongoing share repurchase program will be funded through the company's free cash flow.
the following table provides, on a settlement date basis, the number of shares repurchased, average price paid per share and total amount paid for share repurchases for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022:
fiscal years ended january 31,
(amounts in millions, except per share data)                          2024                            2023                            2022
total number of shares repurchased                                    54.6                           221.8                           209.1
average price paid per share                                   $50.87                          $44.72                          $46.82
total amount paid for share repurchases                        $2,779                          $9,920                          $9,787
material cash requirements material cash requirements from operating activities primarily consist of inventory purchases, employee related costs, taxes, interest and other general operating expenses, which we expect to be primarily satisfied by our cash from operations. other material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations include short-term borrowings, long-term debt and related interest payments, leases and purchase obligations. see note 6 and note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for information regarding outstanding short-term borrowings and long-term debt, and leases, respectively.
as of january 31, 2024, the company has $34.3 billion of unrecorded purchase obligations outstanding, of which $14.6 billion is due within one year. purchase obligations include legally binding contracts, such as firm commitments for inventory and utility purchases, as well as commitments to make capital expenditures, software acquisition and license commitments and legally binding service contracts. contractual obligations for the purchase of goods or services are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. contracts that specify the company will purchase all or a portion of its requirements of a specific product or service from a supplier, but do not include a fixed or minimum quantity, are excluded from the obligations quantified above. accordingly, purchase orders for inventory are also excluded as purchase orders represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. our purchase orders are based on our current inventory needs and are fulfilled by our suppliers within short time periods. we also enter into contracts for outsourced services; however, the obligations under these contracts are not significant and the contracts generally contain clauses allowing for cancellation without significant penalty. timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the timing of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations.
capital resources we believe our cash flows from operations, current cash position, short-term borrowings and access to capital markets will continue to be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements and contractual obligations, which includes funding seasonal buildups in merchandise inventories and funding our capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments and share repurchases.
we have strong commercial paper and long-term debt ratings that have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in capital markets. as of january 31, 2024, the ratings assigned to our commercial paper and rated series of our outstanding long-term debt were as follows:
rating agency                    commercial paper        long-term debt standard &amp; poor's            a-1+                    aa moody's investors service        p-1                     aa2
fitch ratings                    f1+                     aa credit rating agencies review their ratings periodically and, therefore, the credit ratings assigned to us by each agency may be subject to revision at any time. accordingly, we are not able to predict whether our current credit ratings will remain consistent over time. factors that could affect our credit ratings include changes in our operating performance, the general economic environment, conditions in the retail industry, our financial position, including our total debt and capitalization, and changes in our business strategy. any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency could increase our future borrowing costs or impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us. in addition, any downgrade of our current short-term credit ratings could impair our ability to access the commercial paper markets with the same flexibility that we have experienced historically, potentially requiring us to rely more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing. the credit rating agency ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our commercial paper or debt securities. each rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. moreover, each credit rating is specific to the security to which it applies.
other matters in note 10 to our consolidated financial statements, which is captioned "contingencies" and appears in part ii of this annual report on form 10-k under the caption "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data," we discuss, under the sub-captions "settlement framework regarding multidistrict and state or local opioid related litigation," and "other opioid related litigation" the prescription opiate litigation, the settlement framework, and other matters, including certain risks arising therefrom. in that note 10, we also discuss under the sub-caption "asda equal value claims" the company's indemnification obligation for the asda equal value claims matter, under the sub-caption "money transfer agent services matters," a united states federal trade commission complaint related to money transfers and the company's anti-fraud program and a government investigation by the u.s. attorney's office for the middle district of pennsylvania into the company's consumer fraud prevention and anti-money laundering compliance related to the company's money transfer agent services as well as under the sub-caption "mexico antitrust matter," we disclose the main mexican operating subsidiary of wal-mart de mexico was notified of the initiation of a quasi-judicial administrative process against it for alleged relative monopolistic practices in connection with the supply and wholesale distribution of certain consumer goods, retail marketing practices of such consumer goods and related services. we discuss various legal proceedings related to the federal and state prescription opiate litigation, the settlement framework, doj opioid civil litigation and opioids related securities class actions and derivative litigation in part i of this annual report on form 10-k under the caption "item 3. legal proceedings," under the sub-caption "i. supplemental information." we also discuss the foreign direct investment matters in part i of this annual report on form 10-k under the caption "item 3. legal proceedings," under the sub-caption "ii. certain other matters." we also discuss an environmental matter with the state of california in part i of this annual report on form 10-k under the caption "item 3. legal proceedings," under the sub-caption "iii. environmental matters." the foregoing matters and other matters described elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k represent contingent liabilities of the company that may or may not result in the incurrence of a material liability by the company upon their final resolution.
summary of critical accounting estimates management strives to report our financial results in a clear and understandable manner, although in some cases accounting and disclosure rules are complex and require us to use technical terminology. in preparing the company's consolidated financial statements, we follow accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. these principles require us to make certain estimates and apply judgments that affect our financial position and results of operations as reflected in our financial statements. these judgments and estimates are based on past events and expectations of future outcomes. actual results may differ from our estimates.
management continually reviews our accounting policies including how they are applied and how they are reported and disclosed in our financial statements. following is a summary of our critical accounting estimates and how they are applied in preparation of the financial statements.
contingencies we are involved in a number of legal proceedings and certain regulatory matters. we record a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. we also perform an assessment of the materiality of loss contingencies where a loss is either reasonably possible or it is reasonably possible that a loss could be incurred in excess of amounts accrued. if a loss or an additional loss has at least a reasonable possibility of occurring and the impact on the financial statements would be material, we provide disclosure of the loss contingency in the footnotes to our financial statements. we review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or the range of the loss can be made. although we are not able to predict the outcome or reasonably estimate a range of possible losses in certain matters described in note 10 to our consolidated financial statements and have not recorded an associated accrual related to these matters, an adverse judgment or negotiated resolution in any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
uncertain tax positions we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our tax returns are routinely audited and settlements of issues raised in these audits sometimes affect our tax provisions. the benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in our financial statements only after determining a more likely than not probability that the uncertain tax positions will withstand challenge, if any, from taxing authorities. when facts and circumstances change, we reassess these probabilities and record any changes in the financial statements as appropriate. we account for uncertain tax positions by determining the minimum recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements. accordingly, the determination of our uncertain tax positions requires judgment, the use of estimates in certain cases and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws.
