Boeing discloses that it “must minimize disruption caused by production changes and achieve productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability,” reflecting its need to preserve or improve functioning under challenging operational conditions. To that end, it “plans to adjust production rates on several of our commercial aircraft programs, while at the same time engaging in significant ongoing development and production” of new models and “continues to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity improvements, and optimizing how we manage inventory.” It monitors external pressures such as “political unrest involving Russia and Ukraine, where we and some of our suppliers source titanium products and/or have operations,” since “any service disruption from one of these suppliers … could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet commitments to our customers.” Boeing also recognizes that “significant deterioration in the global economic environment … could result in fewer new orders … which could result in lower revenues, profitability and cash flows,” and likewise prepares to adjust to “cost‐cutting and other efficiency initiatives” in its U.S. defense procurement. Its corporate strategy “is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses … supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital,” leveraging “substantial earnings and cash flow that permit us to invest in new products and services” and “price our products and services to provide a fair return for our shareholders while continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality.” Within its defense, space & security segment, Boeing “integrates its resources … to deliver capability‐driven solutions to its customers at reduced costs” and “leverages our core businesses to capture key next‐generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity.” To assess and manage cost and delivery risks, it conducts regular “reviews of program accounting quantities,” records “reach‐forward losses” when “estimated costs to complete a program exceed estimated revenues,” and “implements mitigation plans and cost‐reduction efforts to improve program profitability and address program risks.”