item 7:      management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to facilitate an understanding of our business and results of operations. this md&a should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k. the following discussion contains forward-looking statements and should also be read in conjunction with the cautionary statement set forth at the beginning of this form 10-k. md&a consists of the following sections:
•overview: a summary of our business and measurements
•segment information: a discussion of segment operating results
•recent accounting pronouncements: a discussion of new accounting pronouncements and its impact to our consolidated financial statements
•financial condition, liquidity and capital resources: an analysis of cash flows, sources and uses of cash
•critical accounting policies and estimates: a discussion of critical accounting policies that require the exercise of judgments and estimates overview we provide manufacturing equipment, services and software to the semiconductor, display, and related industries. our customers include manufacturers of semiconductor wafers and chips, liquid crystal and organic light-emitting diode (oled) displays, and other electronic devices. these customers may use what they manufacture in their own end products or sell the items to other companies for use in electronic products. each of our segments is subject to variable industry conditions, as demand for manufacturing equipment and services can change depending on supply and demand for chips, display technologies, and other electronic devices, as well as other factors, such as global economic, political and market conditions, and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes.
we operate in three reportable segments: semiconductor systems, applied global services, and display and adjacent markets. a summary of financial information for each reportable segment is found in note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements. a discussion of factors that could affect our operations is set forth under "risk factors" in part i, item 1a, which is incorporated herein by reference. product development and manufacturing activities occur primarily in the united states, europe, israel, and asia. our broad range of equipment and service products are highly technical and are sold primarily through a direct sales force.
our results are driven primarily by customer spending on capital equipment and services to support key technology transitions or to increase production volume in response to worldwide demand for semiconductors and displays. spending by semiconductor customers, which include companies that operate in the foundry, logic, memory, and other semiconductor chip markets, is driven by demand for electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive devices, storage, and other products. the growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, the internet of things, 5g networks, smart vehicles and augmented and virtual reality are also creating the next wave of growth for the industry. as a result, products within the semiconductor systems segment are subject to significant changes in customer requirements, including transitions to smaller dimensions, increasingly complex chip architectures, new materials and an increasing number of applications. demand for display manufacturing equipment spending depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced tvs as well as larger and higher resolution displays for next-generation mobile devices, and investments in new types of display technologies. the timing of customer investment in manufacturing equipment is also affected by the timing of next-generation process development and the timing of capacity expansion to meet end-market demand. in light of these conditions, our results can vary significantly year-over-year, as well as quarter-over-quarter.
our strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections; expanding our served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing our services business. our long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering capabilities, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. our significant investments in research, development and engineering must generally enable us to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. we work closely with our global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements.
the following table presents certain significant measurements for the past three fiscal years:
change semiconductor equipment customers continued to make strategic investments in new capacity and new technology transitions during fiscal 2023. foundry and logic spending increased in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 driven by customer investments in mature manufacturing nodes to serve demand across a wide range of products. memory customers' spending in fiscal 2023 was lower as compared to fiscal 2022 due to deferred capacity additions primarily as a result of weakness in demand for consumer electronic products.
our applied global services net sales in fiscal 2023 increased compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to an increase in sales associated with long-term service agreements and higher customer spending on legacy systems, partially offset by a decrease in net sales due to additional export regulations issued by the united states government in 2022 and lower customer utilization rates. our display and adjacent markets net sales decreased in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to lower customer investments in display manufacturing equipment for tvs as a result of weakness in demand for consumer electronic products.
we experienced supply chain and logistics constraints in fiscal 2022, and although there have been significant improvements in supply chain performance in fiscal 2023, we expect some shortages to persist, and managing these supply chain constraints to increase shipments to customers remains a top priority.
in fiscal 2024, we expect advanced foundry and logic demand to be stronger as compared to fiscal 2023 due to increased customer spending in pc, cloud and artificial intelligence (ai) data centers as well as customers' continued investments in new technology. demand for mature manufacturing nodes is expected to be lower as compared to fiscal 2023, primarily due to decreased customer spending in the industrial automation and automotive markets. we expect memory customers' spending to be higher as compared to fiscal 2023 as customers continue to invest in new technology.
in the past two years, the united states government announced additional export regulations for u.s. semiconductor technology sold in china. for a description of risks associated with global trade, see the risk factor entitled "business and industry risks - global trade issues and changes in and uncertainties with respect to trade policies and export regulations, including import and export license requirements, trade sanctions, tariffs and international trade disputes, have adversely impacted and could further adversely impact our business and operations, and reduce the competitiveness of our products relative to local and global competitors" in part i, item 1a, "risk factors."
results of operations net sales net sales for the periods indicated were as follows:
change semiconductor systems                 $19,698                     74%                                $18,797                     73%                                $16,286                     71%                      5      %                     15      %
display and adjacent markets              868                      3%                                  1,331                      5%                                  1,634                      7%                   (35)      %                   (19)      %
the semiconductor systems segment continued to represent the largest contributor of net sales. net sales in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 increased primarily due to continued customer investment in semiconductor equipment, partially offset by the reduction in customer investment in display manufacturing equipment. the increase in net sales in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was also due to improvements in our supply chain performance enabling us to better fulfill demand.
net sales by geographic region, determined by the location of customers' facilities to which products were shipped, were as follows:
change united states            4,006                     15%                                  3,104                     12%                                  2,038                      9%                     29      %                     52      %
the increases in net sales to customers in the u.s. and europe for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily reflected increased investment by customers in semiconductor equipment and increased customer spending on legacy systems and comprehensive service agreements.
the increase in net sales to customers in korea for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily reflected increased investment by customers in semiconductor equipment and increased customer spending on comprehensive service agreements, spares and legacy systems, partially offset by decreased investment in display manufacturing equipment.
the increase in net sales to customers in japan for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily reflected increased investment in display manufacturing equipment, partially offset by decreased investment by customers in semiconductor equipment.
net sales to customers in china for 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 remained flat and primarily reflected increased investment in semiconductor equipment, offset by decreased in customer spending on long-term service agreements due to the impact of additional export regulations issued by the united states government in 2022 and decreased investment in display manufacturing equipment.
the changes in net sales in all other regions for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily reflected changes in semiconductor manufacturing equipment spending.
the increases in net sales in all regions other than china and korea in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily reflected changes in semiconductor equipment spending and customer spending on comprehensive service agreements. the decrease in net sales to customers in china for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily reflected decreased investment in display manufacturing equipment and semiconductor equipment, partially offset by increased spending on spares and comprehensive service agreements. the decrease in net sales to customers in korea for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily reflected decreased investment in semiconductor equipment, partially offset by increased investment in display manufacturing equipment.
gross margin gross margins for the periods indicated were as follows:
change gross margin            46.7   %                46.5   %                47.3   %               0.2 points                       (0.8) points gross margin in fiscal 2023 increased compared to fiscal 2022 primarily driven by favorable changes in customer and product mix and an increase in average selling prices, partially offset by higher material costs and inventory charges.
gross margin in fiscal 2022 decreased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily driven by higher material, freight, and logistics costs and higher personnel costs due to an increase in headcount to provide manufacturing capacity and flexibility, partially offset by favorable changes in product mix and an increase in average selling prices.
research, development and engineering research, development and engineering (rd&e) expenses for the periods indicated were as follows:
change research, development and engineering           $3,102                  $2,771                  $2,485               $331                          $286
our future operating results depend to a considerable extent on our ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products we provide. development cycles range from 12 to 36 months depending on whether the product is an enhancement of an existing product, which typically has a shorter development cycle, or a new product, which typically has a longer development cycle. most of our existing products resulted from internal development activities and innovations involving new technologies, materials and processes. in certain instances, we acquire technologies, either in existing or new product areas, to complement our existing technology capabilities and to reduce time to market.
we believe that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in rd&e to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of our customers' most advanced designs. we have maintained and intend to continue our commitment to investing in rd&e in order to continue to offer new products and technologies.
we continued our rd&e investments in semiconductor systems and display and adjacent markets on the development of new unit process systems and integrated materials solutions. areas of investment include etch, deposition, metrology and inspection, patterning, packaging and other technologies to improve chip performance, power, area, cost and time-to-market. in display and adjacent markets, rd&e investments were focused on expanding our market opportunity with new display technologies.
the increases in rd&e expenses during fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 were primarily due to additional headcount, higher depreciation expense and consumable and equipment costs associated with ongoing product development. in addition, the increases in rd&e expenses in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 also included a $30 million impairment of fixed assets. the increases in rd&e expenses during fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 were primarily due to additional headcount, higher consumable and equipment costs associated with ongoing product development and share-based compensation expense. these increases reflect our ongoing investments in product development initiatives, consistent with our growth strategy. we continued to prioritize existing rd&e investments in technical capabilities and critical research and development programs in current and new markets, with a focus on semiconductor technologies.
marketing and selling marketing and selling expenses for the periods indicated were as follows:
change marketing and selling            $776                  $703                  $609               $73                           $94
marketing and selling expenses for fiscal 2023 increased compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to additional headcount and higher travel related expenses. marketing and selling expenses for fiscal 2022 increased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to additional headcount. marketing and selling expenses for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 included $55 million, $49 million and $43 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense.
general and administrative general and administrative (g&a) expenses for the periods indicated were as follows:
change g&a expenses in fiscal 2023 increased compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to additional headcount, higher professional fees and depreciation expense. g&a expenses in fiscal 2022 increased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to additional headcount and higher travel related expenses.
interest expense and interest and other income (expense), net interest expense and interest and other income (expense), net for the periods indicated were as follows:
change interest expense incurred was primarily associated with issued senior unsecured notes. interest expense in fiscal 2023 remained relatively flat compared to fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 primarily due to the average principal balance of the senior unsecured notes remained consistent at $5.5 billion in each of the last three years.
interest and other income (expense), net in fiscal 2023 increased compared to fiscal 2022, primarily driven by higher interest income as a result of an increase in market rates of interest and higher net gain on equity investments, partially offset by higher impairment losses on equity investments, compared to the prior year. interest and other income (expense), net in fiscal 2022 decreased compared to fiscal 2021, primarily driven by higher net loss from equity investments, partially offset by higher interest income during fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021.
income taxes provision for income taxes and effective tax rates for the periods indicated were as follows:
change provision for income taxes          $860                      $1,074                      $883                   $(214)                                    $191
effective income tax rate           11.1   %                    14.1   %                  13.0   %               (3.0)         points   1.1                       points our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate are affected by the geographical composition of pre-tax income which includes jurisdictions with differing tax rates, conditional reduced tax rates and other income tax incentives. it is also affected by events that vary from period to period, such as changes in income tax laws and the resolution of prior years' income tax filings.
the effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 was lower than fiscal 2022 primarily due to a reduction of deferred tax assets that occurred in fiscal 2022, related to a new tax incentive in singapore. the effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 was higher than fiscal 2021 primarily due to a reduction of deferred tax assets related to a new tax incentive in singapore, partially offset by changes in uncertain tax positions.
beginning in our fiscal 2023, the tax cuts and jobs act (tax act), enacted on december 22, 2017, eliminates the option to deduct research and development expenditures currently and requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five years for activities performed in the u.s. or fifteen years for activities performed outside of the u.s. this capitalization requirement increases our effective tax rates, deferred tax assets and cash tax liabilities beginning in fiscal 2023.
segment information we report financial results in three segments: semiconductor systems, applied global services, and display and adjacent markets. a description of the products and services, as well as financial data, for each reportable segment can be found in note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the corporate and other category includes revenues from products, as well as costs of products sold, for fabricating solar photovoltaic cells and modules and certain operating expenses that are not allocated to our reportable segments and are managed separately at the corporate level. these operating expenses include costs for share-based compensation; certain management, finance, legal, human resource, and rd&e functions provided at the corporate level; and unabsorbed information technology and occupancy. in addition, we do not allocate to our reportable segments restructuring, severance and asset impairment charges and any associated adjustments related to restructuring actions, unless these actions pertain to a specific reportable segment.
the results for each reportable segment are discussed below.
semiconductor systems segment the semiconductor systems segment is comprised primarily of capital equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips. semiconductor industry spending on capital equipment is driven by demand for electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive electronics, storage, and other products, and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes, and as a result is subject to variable industry conditions. spending can also depend on customer facility readiness and timeline for installation of capital equipment at customer sites. development efforts are focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning and packaging performance.
certain significant measures for the periods indicated were as follows:
change operating margin             36.0   %                    37.1   %                    38.8   %                                               (1.1) points                                                 (1.7) points net sales for semiconductor systems by end use application for the periods indicated were as follows:
dynamic random-access memory (dram)          17   %             19   %             19   %
semiconductor equipment customers continued to make strategic investments in new capacity and new technology transitions during fiscal 2023. foundry and logic spending increased in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily driven by customer investment in mature manufacturing nodes to serve demand across a wide range of products. spending by memory customers decreased in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 due to deferred capacity additions primarily as a result of weakness in demand for consumer electronic products. operating margin for fiscal 2023 decreased compared to fiscal 2022, primarily driven by increased rd&e expenses, higher inventory charges, the impact of export regulations, partially offset by favorable changes in customer and product mix, an increase in average selling prices and lower freight and logistics costs.
foundry and logic spending increased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 driven by customer investment in both advanced and mature nodes. spending by dram customers increased and flash memory customers decreased in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 due to changes in investments in new technology and capacity. operating margin for fiscal 2022 decreased compared to fiscal 2021, primarily driven by higher material, freight, logistics costs and higher personnel costs due to the hiring of additional headcount to provide manufacturing capacity and flexibility, partially offset by favorable changes in product mix and an increase in average selling prices.
applied global services segment the applied global services segment provides integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, including spares, upgrades, services, certain remanufactured earlier generation equipment and factory automation software for semiconductor, display and solar products.
demand for applied global services' solutions are driven by our large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems, and customers' needs to shorten ramp times, improve device performance and yield, and optimize factory output and operating costs. industry conditions that affect applied global services' sales of spares and services are primarily characterized by changes in semiconductor manufacturers' wafer starts and higher utilization rates, growth of the installed base of equipment, growing service intensity of newer tools, and our ability to sell more comprehensive service agreements.
certain significant measures for the periods indicated were as follows:
change operating margin             28.9   %                    30.0   %                    30.1   %                                         (1.1) points                                                     (0.1) points net sales for fiscal 2023 increased compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to an increase in sales associated with long-term service agreements and higher customer spending on legacy systems, partially offset by a decrease in net sales due to additional export regulations issued by the united states government in 2022 and lower customer utilization rates. operating margin for fiscal 2023 decreased compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to the impact of the export regulations, higher inventory charges and unfavorable changes in product mix.
net sales for fiscal 2022 increased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to higher customer spending on comprehensive service agreements, spares and legacy systems. operating margin for fiscal 2022 decreased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to higher expense related to an increase in headcount to support business growth and higher freight costs, partially offset by higher net sales in fiscal 2022.
display and adjacent markets segment the display and adjacent markets segment encompasses products for manufacturing liquid crystal and oled displays, and other display technologies for tvs, monitors, laptops, personal computers, electronic tablets, smart phones, other consumer-oriented devices, equipment upgrades and solar energy cells. the segment is focused on expanding its presence through technologically-differentiated equipment for manufacturing large-scale lcd tvs, oleds, low temperature polysilicon (ltps), metal oxide, and touch panel sectors; and development of products that provide customers with improved performance and yields.
display industry growth depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced tvs as well as larger and higher resolution displays for next-generation mobile devices. uneven spending patterns by customers in the display and adjacent markets segment can cause significant fluctuations quarter-over-quarter, as well as year-over-year.
certain significant measures for the periods presented were as follows:
change operating margin           15.3   %                    19.5   %                    19.2   %                                                 (4.2) points                                                0.3 points net sales for fiscal 2023 decreased compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to lower customer investments in display manufacturing equipment for tvs as a result of weakness in demand for consumer electronic products. operating margin for fiscal 2023 decreased compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to lower net sales, partially offset by a reduction in headcount related costs as headcount moved to open positions within semiconductor systems and applied global services segments.
net sales for fiscal 2022 decreased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to lower customer investments in display manufacturing equipment for tvs and mobile products. operating margin for fiscal 2022 increased compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to reduction in headcount related costs as headcount moved to open positions within semiconductor systems and applied global services segments, offset by higher material costs.
recent accounting pronouncements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements, see note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources our cash, cash equivalents and investments consist of the following:
short-term investments                                   737         586
long-term investments                                  2,281                         1,980
total cash, cash-equivalents and investments          $9,150                        $4,561
sources and uses of cash a summary of cash provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities is as follows:
cash provided by operating activities        $8,700                    $5,399                    $5,442
cash used in investing activities            $(1,535)                  $(1,357)                  $(1,216)
cash used in financing activities            $(3,032)                  $(7,043)                  $(4,591)
operating activities cash from operating activities for fiscal 2023 was $8.7 billion, which reflects net income adjusted for the effect of non-cash charges and changes in working capital components. significant non-cash charges included depreciation, amortization, share-based compensation and deferred income taxes. cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2023 increased compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to better inventory management, better accounts receivable collections and lower income tax payments, partially offset by higher payments to vendors and lower year over year change in deferred revenue. cash provided by operating activities remained relatively flat in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 primarily due to higher inventory and income tax payments, partially offset by higher net income and lower year over year increase in accounts receivable.
we have agreements with various financial institutions to sell accounts receivable and discount promissory notes from selected customers. we sell our accounts receivable generally without recourse. from time to time, we also discount letters of credit issued by customers through various financial institutions. the discounting of letters of credit depends on many factors, including the willingness of financial institutions to discount the letters of credit and the cost of such arrangements. we sold $0.7 billion, $1.0 billion and $1.3 billion of accounts receivable during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. we did not discount letters of credit issued by customers in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. there was no discounting of promissory notes in each of fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. financing charges on the sale of receivables and discounting of letters of credit are included in interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and were not material for all years presented.
our working capital was $11.8 billion at october 29, 2023 and $8.5 billion at october 30, 2022.
days sales outstanding of our accounts receivable at the end of fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was 70 days, 82 days, and 74 days, respectively. days sales outstanding varies due to the timing of shipments and payment terms. the decrease in days sales outstanding at the end of fiscal 2023 was primarily due to a lower accounts receivable balance as a result of the timing of customer payments compared to the end of fiscal 2022. the increase in days sales outstanding at the end of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to higher accounts receivable balance as a result of the timing of customer payments and lower sales of accounts receivables compared to the end of fiscal 2021.
investing activities we used $1.5 billion, $1.4 billion and $1.2 billion of cash in investing activities in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. capital expenditures in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 were $1,106 million, $787 million and $668 million, respectively. capital expenditures were primarily for investments in real property acquisitions and improvements, demonstration and testing equipment, manufacturing and network equipment. net cash paid for acquisitions in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 were $25 million, $441 million and $12 million, respectively. purchases of investments, net of proceeds from sales and maturities of investments, for 2023, 2022 and 2021 was $404 million, $129 million and $536 million, respectively. investing activities also included investments in technology to allow us to access new market opportunities or emerging technologies.
our investment portfolio consists principally of investment grade money market mutual funds, u.s. treasury and agency securities, municipal bonds, corporate bonds and mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, as well as equity securities. we regularly monitor the credit risk in our investment portfolio and take appropriate measures, which may include the sale of certain securities, to manage such risks prudently in accordance with our investment policies.
financing activities we used $3.0 billion of cash in financing activities in fiscal 2023, consisting primarily of repurchases of common stock of $2.2 billion, cash dividends to stockholders of $975 million and tax withholding payments for vested equity awards of $179 million, offset by proceeds received from common stock issuances of $227 million and net proceeds from issuances of commercial paper of $91 million.
we used $7.0 billion of cash in financing activities in fiscal 2022, consisting primarily of repurchases of common stock of $6.1 billion, cash dividends to stockholders of $873 million and tax withholding payments for vested equity awards of $266 million, offset by proceeds received from common stock issuances of $199 million.
we used $4.6 billion of cash in financing activities in fiscal 2021, consisting primarily of repurchases of common stock of $3.8 billion, cash dividends to stockholders of $838 million and tax withholding payments for vested equity awards of $178 million, offset by proceeds received from common stock issuances of $175 million.
in march 2023, our board of directors approved a common stock repurchase program authorizing $10.0 billion in repurchases, which supplemented the previously existing $6.0 billion authorization approved in march 2022. at october 29, 2023, approximately $12.7 billion remained available for future stock repurchases under the repurchase program.
during fiscal 2023, our board of directors declared one quarterly cash dividend of $0.26 per share and three quarterly cash dividends of $0.32 per share. during fiscal 2022, our board of directors declared one quarterly cash dividend of $0.24 per share and three quarterly cash dividends of $0.26 per share. during fiscal 2021, our board of directors declared one quarterly cash dividend of $0.22 per share and three quarterly cash dividends of $0.24 per share. dividends paid during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 amounted to $975 million, $873 million and $838 million, respectively. we currently anticipate that cash dividends will continue to be paid on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future cash dividend is at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions and other factors, as well as a determination by the board of directors that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders.
we have credit facilities for unsecured borrowings in various currencies of up to $1.6 billion, of which $1.5 billion is comprised of a committed revolving credit agreement (revolving credit agreement) with a group of banks. the revolving credit agreement includes a provision under which we may request an increase in the amount of the facility of up to $500 million for a total commitment of no more than $2.0 billion, subject to the receipt of commitments from one or more lenders for any such increase and other customary conditions. the revolving credit agreement is scheduled to expire in february 2026, unless extended as permitted under the revolving credit agreement. the revolving credit agreement provides for borrowings in united states dollars that bear interest for each advance at one of two rates selected by us, plus an applicable margin, which varies according to our public debt credit ratings. the revolving credit agreement includes financial and other covenants with which we were in compliance as of october 29, 2023.
remaining credit facilities in the amount of approximately $53 million are with japanese banks. our ability to borrow under these facilities is subject to bank approval at the time of the borrowing request, and any advances will be at rates indexed to the banks' prime reference rate denominated in japanese yen.
we have a short-term commercial paper program under which we may from time to time issue unsecured commercial paper notes of up to a total amount of $1.5 billion. the proceeds from the issuances of commercial paper are used for general corporate purposes. at october 29, 2023, we had $100 million of commercial paper notes outstanding. the commercial paper program is backstopped by the revolving credit agreement and borrowings under the revolving credit agreement reduce the amount of commercial paper notes we can issue.
we had senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amount of $5.5 billion outstanding as of october 29, 2023. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of existing debt. we may seek to refinance our existing debt and may incur additional indebtedness depending on our capital requirements and the availability of financing.
others on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted the tax act, which requires a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. the transition tax expense is payable in installments over eight years, with eight percent due in each of the first five years starting with fiscal 2018. as of october 29, 2023, we had $612 million of total payments remaining, payable in installments in the next three years.
beginning in fiscal 2023, the tax act eliminates the option to deduct research and development expenditures currently and requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five years for activities performed in the u.s. or fifteen years for activities performed outside of the u.s. this capitalization requirement increases our effective tax rates, deferred tax assets and cash tax liabilities beginning in fiscal 2023.
on august 9, 2022, the u.s. government enacted the u.s. chips and science act ("chips act"). the chips act creates a 25% investment tax credit for certain investments in domestic semiconductor manufacturing. the credit is provided for qualifying property, which is placed in service after december 31, 2022, for which construction begins before january 1, 2027, and is treated as a government grant. we recognize this investment tax credit when there is reasonable assurance that we will qualify for the credit and the benefit will be received.
on august 16, 2022, the u.s. government enacted the inflation reduction act. the inflation reduction act introduces a new 15% corporate minimum tax, based on adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations. applicable corporations would be allowed to claim a credit for the minimum tax paid against regular tax in future years. the minimum tax may impact our financial results starting in fiscal 2024. we will evaluate the effect of the corporate minimum tax as more guidance becomes available. the inflation reduction act also includes an excise tax that imposes a 1% surcharge on stock repurchases. this excise tax was effective january 1, 2023. the excise tax is included in our direct cost of stock repurchases and is recorded in equity. we do not expect the excise tax to have a significant impact on our financial results.
although cash requirements will fluctuate based on the timing and extent of factors such as those discussed above, our management believes that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash balances and borrowing capability, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for the next 12 months. for further details regarding our operating, investing and financing activities, see the consolidated statements of cash flows in this report.
for details on standby letters of credit, guarantee instruments and other agreements with banks, see off-balance sheet arrangements below.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements we have certain on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet obligation arrangements to make future payments under various contracts. certain contractual arrangements which are recorded on our balance sheet include borrowing facilities and debts and lease obligations.
borrowing facilities and debt obligations as of october 29, 2023, we had $5.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes with varying maturities. future interest payments associated with these unsecured notes were $2.8 billion, of which $205 million is due within 12 months and the remaining interest payments are due beyond 12 months. see note 10, borrowing facilities and debt, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion related to our borrowing facilities and debt obligations.
lease obligations as of october 29, 2023, our operating lease obligation was $370 million related to various operating lease arrangements for certain facilities and equipment and our finance lease obligation was $106 million related to lease arrangements that contain a purchase option which we are reasonably certain to exercise at the end of the lease term. see note 11, leases, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion relating to these lease obligations.
purchase obligations as of october 29, 2023, we had $5.5 billion of purchase obligations for goods and services, of which $5.1 billion is payable within 12 months and the remaining amount is payable beyond 12 months.
deemed repatriation tax payable as of october 29, 2023, we had $612 million of transition tax liability, of which $153 million is payable within 12 months and the remaining amount is payable beyond 12 months. this transition tax liability is associated with the deemed repatriation of accumulated foreign earnings as a result of the enactment of the tax act.
other long-term liabilities we also have the obligation to fund our pension, postretirement and deferred compensation plans. we evaluate the need to make contributions to our pension and postretirement benefit plans after considering the funded status of the plans, movements in the discount rate, performance of the plan assets and related tax consequences. payments to the plans would be dependent on these factors and could vary across a wide range of amounts and time periods. payments for deferred compensation plans are dependent on activity by participants, making the timing of payments uncertain. information on our pension, postretirement benefit and deferred compensation plans is presented in note 13, employee benefit plans, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
as of october 29, 2023, the gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits that was not expected to result in payment of cash within one year was $511 million. interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions that were not expected to result in payment of cash within one year of october 29, 2023 was $136 million. at this time, we are unable to reliably estimate the timing of payments due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business, we provide standby letters of credit or other guarantee instruments to third parties as required for certain transactions initiated by either us or our subsidiaries. these include agreements with various banks to facilitate subsidiary banking operations worldwide, including overdraft arrangements. we also have agreements with various banks to facilitate subsidiary banking operations worldwide, including overdraft arrangements, issuance of bank guarantees, and letters of credit. see note 15, warranty, guarantees, commitments and contingencies, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion relating to these arrangements.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements describes the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. certain of these significant accounting policies are considered to be critical accounting policies.
a critical accounting policy is defined as one that is both material to the presentation of our consolidated financial statements and that requires management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments that could have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. specifically, these policies have the following attributes: (1) we are required to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time of the estimate; and (2) different estimates we could reasonably have used, or change in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur, would have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be applicable and reasonable under the circumstances. these estimates may change as new events occur, as additional information is obtained and as our operating environment changes. these changes have historically been minor and have been included in the consolidated financial statements as soon as they became known. in addition, management is periodically faced with uncertainties, the outcomes of which are not within our control and will not be known for prolonged periods of time. these uncertainties include those discussed in part i, item 1a, "risk factors." based on a critical assessment of our accounting policies and the underlying judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies, management believes that our consolidated financial statements are fairly stated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, and provide a meaningful presentation of our financial condition and results of operations.
management believes that the following are critical accounting policies and estimates:
revenue recognition we recognize revenue when promised goods or services (performance obligations) are transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. we perform the following five steps to determine when to recognize revenue: (1) identification of the contract(s) with customers, (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determination of the transaction price, (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, a performance obligation is satisfied. management uses judgment to identify performance obligations within a contract and to determine whether multiple promised goods or services in a contract should be accounted for separately or as a group. judgment is also used in interpreting commercial terms and determining when transfer of control occurs. moreover, judgment is used to estimate the contract's transaction price and allocate it to each performance obligation. any material changes in the identification of performance obligations, determination and allocation of the transaction price to performance obligations, and determination of when transfer of control occurs to the customer, could impact the timing and amount of revenue recognition, which could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
inventory valuation inventories are generally stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined on a first-in, first-out (fifo) basis. the carrying value of inventory is reduced for estimated obsolescence by the difference between its cost and the estimated net realizable value based upon assumptions about future demand. we evaluate the inventory carrying value for potential excess and obsolete inventory exposures by analyzing historical and anticipated demand. in addition, inventories are evaluated for potential obsolescence due to the effect of known and anticipated engineering change orders and new products. if actual demand were to be substantially lower than estimated, additional adjustments for excess or obsolete inventory may be required, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
income taxes our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate are affected by the geographical composition of pre-tax income which includes jurisdictions with differing tax rates, conditional reduced tax rates and other income tax incentives. it is also affected by events that are not consistent from period to period, such as changes to income tax laws and the resolution of prior years' income tax filings.
we recognize a current tax liability for the estimated amount of income tax payable on tax returns for the current fiscal year. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets are also recognized for net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets are offset by a valuation allowance to the extent it is more likely than not that they are not expected to be realized. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured based on enacted tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the assets are realized or the liabilities are settled. deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effect of a change in tax rates, laws, or status when the change is enacted.
we recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized from such positions are estimated based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. any changes in judgment related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in our provision for income taxes in the quarter in which such change occurs. interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in our provision for income taxes.
the calculation of our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate involves significant judgment in estimating the impact of uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with our expectations could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.