item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 and comparisons between 2023 and 2022. this discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes, under item 8 of this form 10-k. comparisons between 2022 and 2021 have been omitted from this form 10-k, but can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
md&amp;a index                                                                        page forward-looking statements overview critical accounting estimates consolidated operating results                                                          52
catastrophe management global property catastrophe reinsurance program political risk and credit insurance crop insurance                                                                          82
liquidity                                                                               84
capital resources                                                                       86
ratings information provided in connection with outstanding debt of subsidiaries credit facilities forward-looking statements the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" for forward-looking statements. any written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf may include forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. the words "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "project," "should," "plan," "expect," "intend," "hope," "feel," "foresee," "will likely result," "will continue," and variations thereof and similar expressions, identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could, should potential events occur, cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. these risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which are described in more detail under part i, item 1a, under risk factors, and elsewhere herein and in other documents we file with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec), include but are not limited to:
•actual amount of new and renewal business, premium rates, underwriting margins, market acceptance of our products, and risks associated with the introduction of new products and services and entering new markets; the competitive environment in which we operate, including trends in pricing or in policy terms and conditions, which may differ from our projections and changes in market conditions that could render our business strategies ineffective or obsolete;
•losses arising out of natural or man-made catastrophes; actual loss experience from insured or reinsured events and the timing of claim payments; the uncertainties of the loss-reserving and claims-settlement processes, including the difficulties associated with assessing environmental damage and asbestos-related latent injuries, the impact of aggregate-policy-coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcy protection sought by various asbestos producers and other related businesses, and the timing of loss payments;
•changes in the distribution or placement of risks due to increased consolidation of insurance and reinsurance brokers; material differences between actual and expected assessments for guaranty funds and mandatory pooling arrangements; the ability to collect reinsurance recoverable, credit developments of reinsurers, and any delays with respect thereto and changes in the cost, quality, or availability of reinsurance;
•uncertainties relating to governmental, legislative and regulatory policies, developments, actions, investigations, and treaties; judicial decisions and rulings, new theories of liability, legal tactics, and settlement terms; the effects of data privacy or cyber laws or regulation; global political conditions and possible business disruption or economic contraction that may result from such events;
•severity of pandemics and related risks, and their effects on our business operations and claims activity, and any adverse impact to our insureds, brokers, agents, and employees; actual claims may exceed our best estimate of ultimate insurance losses incurred which could change including as a result of, among other things, the impact of legislative or regulatory actions taken in response to a pandemic;
•developments in global financial markets, including changes in interest rates, stock markets, and other financial markets; increased government involvement or intervention in the financial services industry; the cost and availability of financing, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; changing rates of inflation; and other general economic and business conditions, including the depth and duration of potential recession;
•the availability of borrowings and letters of credit under our credit facilities; the adequacy of collateral supporting funded high deductible programs; the amount of dividends received from subsidiaries;
•changes to our assessment as to whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, or have the intent to sell, available-for-sale fixed maturity investments before their anticipated recovery;
•actions that rating agencies may take from time to time, such as financial strength or credit ratings downgrades or placing these ratings on credit watch negative or the equivalent;
•the effects of public company bankruptcies and accounting restatements, as well as disclosures by and investigations of public companies relating to possible accounting irregularities, and other corporate governance issues;
•acquisitions made performing differently than expected, our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies or growth from acquisitions, the impact of acquisitions on our pre-existing organization, and risks and uncertainties relating to our outstanding purchases of additional interests in huatai insurance group co., ltd. (huatai group);
•risks associated with being a swiss corporation, including reduced flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management and the potential for additional regulatory burdens; share repurchase plans and share cancellations;
•loss of the services of any of our executive officers without suitable replacements being recruited in a reasonable time frame;
•the ability of our technology resources, including information systems and security, to perform as anticipated such as with respect to preventing material information technology failures or third-party infiltrations or hacking resulting in consequences adverse to chubb or its customers or partners; the ability of our company to increase use of data analytics and technology as part of our business strategy and adapt to new technologies; and
•management's response to these factors and actual events (including, but not limited to, those described above).
overview we operate through six business segments: north america commercial p&c insurance, north america personal p&c insurance, north america agricultural insurance, overseas general insurance, global reinsurance, and life insurance. for more information on our segments refer to "segment information" under item 1.
we have grown our business through increased premium volume, expansion of product offerings and geographic reach, and acquisitions of other companies. refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for our most recent acquisitions.
our product and geographic diversification differentiate us from the vast majority of our competitors and has been a source of stability during periods of industry volatility. our long-term business strategy focuses on sustained growth in book value achieved through a combination of underwriting and investment income. by doing so, we provide value to our clients and shareholders through use of our substantial capital base in the insurance and reinsurance markets.
we are organized along a profit center structure by line of business and territory that does not necessarily correspond to corporate legal entities. profit centers can access various legal entities subject to licensing and other regulatory rules. profit centers are expected to generate underwriting income and appropriate risk-adjusted returns. our corporate structure has facilitated the development of management talent by giving each profit center's senior management team the necessary autonomy within underwriting authorities to make operating decisions and create products and coverages needed by its target customer base. we are focused on delivering underwriting profit by only writing policies which we believe adequately compensate us for the risk we accept.
our insurance and reinsurance operations generate gross revenues from two principal sources: premiums and investment income. cash flow is generated from premiums collected and investment income received less paid losses and loss expenses, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses. invested assets are substantially held in liquid, investment grade fixed income securities of relatively short duration. claims payments in any short-term period are highly unpredictable due to the random nature of loss events and the timing of claims awards or settlements. the value of investments held to pay future claims is subject to market forces such as the level of interest rates, stock market volatility, and credit events such as corporate defaults. the actual cost of claims is also volatile based on loss trends, inflation rates, court awards, and catastrophes. we believe that our cash balance, our highly liquid investments, credit facilities, and reinsurance protection provide sufficient liquidity to meet unforeseen claim demands that might occur in the year ahead. refer to "liquidity" and "capital resources" for additional information.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements include amounts that, either by their nature or due to requirements of generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. (u.s. gaap), are determined using best estimates and assumptions. while we believe that the amounts included in our consolidated financial statements reflect our best judgment, actual amounts could ultimately materially differ from those currently presented. we believe the items that require the most subjective and complex estimates are:
•future policy benefits reserves;
•the valuation of our investment portfolio and assessment of valuation allowance for expected credit losses;
we believe our accounting policies for these items are of critical importance to our consolidated financial statements. the following discussion provides more information regarding the estimates and assumptions required to arrive at these amounts and should be read in conjunction with the sections entitled: prior period development, asbestos and environmental (a&e), reinsurance recoverable on ceded reinsurance, investments, and net realized and unrealized gains (losses).
unpaid losses and loss expenses as an insurance and reinsurance company, we are required by applicable laws and regulations and u.s. gaap to establish loss and loss expense reserves for the estimated unpaid portion of the ultimate liability for losses and loss expenses under the terms of our policies and agreements with our insured and reinsured customers. at december 31, 2023, our gross unpaid loss and loss expense reserves were $80.1 billion and our net unpaid loss and loss expense reserves were $62.2 billion. with the exception of certain structured settlements, for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable, and certain reserves for unsettled claims, our loss reserves are not discounted for the time value of money. the net undiscounted reserves related to structured settlements and certain reserves for unsettled claims are immaterial.
the estimate of the liabilities includes provisions for claims that have been reported but are unpaid at the balance sheet date (case reserves) and for obligations on claims that have been incurred but not reported (ibnr) at the balance sheet date. ibnr may also include provisions to account for the possibility that reported claims may settle for amounts that differ from the established case reserves. loss reserves also include an estimate of expenses associated with processing and settling unpaid claims (loss expenses). our loss reserves comprise approximately 78 percent casualty-related business, which typically encompasses long-tail risks, and other risks where a high degree of judgment is required.
the process of establishing loss reserves for property and casualty claims can be complex and is subject to considerable uncertainty as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments based on circumstances underlying the insured losses known at the date of accrual. for example, the reserves established for high excess casualty claims, asbestos and environmental claims, claims from major catastrophic events, or for our various product lines each require different assumptions and judgments to be made. the effects of recent heightened inflation create additional uncertainty, while climate change could, over time, add new uncertainties to the loss reserving process.
necessary judgments are based on numerous factors and may be revised as additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, as new or improved methods are developed, or as laws change. hence, ultimate loss payments may differ from the estimate of the ultimate liabilities made at the balance sheet date. changes to our previous estimates of prior period loss reserves impact the reported calendar year underwriting results adversely if our estimates increase or favorably if our estimates decrease. the potential for variation in loss reserve estimates is impacted by numerous factors. reserve estimates for casualty lines are particularly uncertain given the lengthy reporting patterns and corresponding need for ibnr.
with respect to ibnr reserves and those claims that have been incurred but not reported prior to the balance sheet date, there is, by definition, limited actual information to form the case reserve estimate and reliance is placed upon historical loss experience and actuarial methods to estimate the ultimate loss obligations and the corresponding amount of ibnr. ibnr reserve estimates are generally calculated by first projecting the ultimate amount of losses for a product line and subtracting paid losses and case reserves for reported claims. the judgments involved in projecting the ultimate losses may pertain to the use and interpretation of various standard actuarial reserving methods that place reliance on the extrapolation of actual historical data, loss development patterns, industry data, and other benchmarks as appropriate. the estimate of the required ibnr reserve also requires judgment by actuaries and management to reflect the impact of more contemporary and subjective factors, both qualitative and quantitative. among some of these factors that might be considered are changes in business mix or volume, changes in ceded reinsurance structures, changes in claims handling practices, reported and projected loss trends, inflation, the legal environment, and the terms and conditions of the contracts sold to our insured parties.
determining management's best estimate our recorded reserves represent management's best estimate of the provision for unpaid claims as of the balance sheet date, and establishing them involves a process that includes collaboration with various relevant parties in the company. for information on our reserving process, refer to note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
sensitivity to underlying assumptions while we believe that our reserve for unpaid losses and loss expenses at december 31, 2023, is adequate, new information or emerging trends that differ from our assumptions may lead to future development of losses and loss expenses that is significantly greater or less than the recorded reserve, which could have a material effect on future operating results. as noted previously, our best estimate of required loss reserves for most portfolios is judgmentally selected for each origin year after considering the results from a number of reserving methods and is not a purely mechanical process. therefore, it is difficult to convey, in a simple and quantitative manner, the impact that a change to a single assumption will have on our best estimate. in the examples below, we attempt to give an indication of the potential impact by isolating a single change for a specific reserving method that would be pertinent in establishing the best estimate for the product line described. we consider each of the following sensitivity analyses to represent a reasonably likely deviation in the underlying assumption.
north america commercial p&c insurance - workers' compensation given the long reporting and paid development patterns for workers' compensation business, the development factors used to project actual current losses to ultimate losses for our current exposure require considerable judgment that could be material to consolidated loss and loss expense reserves. specifically, adjusting ground up ultimate losses by a one percentage point change in the tail factor (i.e., 1.04 changed to either 1.05 or 1.03) would cause a change of approximately $1.1 billion, either positive or negative, for the projected net loss and loss expense reserves. this represents an impact of about 10.7 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $10.2 billion.
north america commercial p&c insurance - liability as is the case for workers' compensation above, given the long reporting and paid development patterns, the development factors used to project actual current losses to ultimate losses for our current exposure require considerable judgment that could be material to consolidated loss and loss expense reserves. specifically, for our main u.s. excess/umbrella portfolios, a five percentage point change in the tail factor (e.g., 1.10 changed to either 1.15 or 1.05) would cause a change of approximately $0.7 billion, either positive or negative, for the projected net loss and loss expense reserves. this represents an impact of about 18 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $3.9 billion for these portfolios.
the reserve portfolio for our chubb bermuda operations contains exposure to predominantly high excess liability coverage on an occurrence-first-reported basis (typically with attachment points in excess of $325 million and gross limits of up to $150 million) and d&o and other professional liability coverage on a claims-made basis (typically with attachment points in excess of $100 million and gross limits of up to $75 million). due to the layer of exposure covered, the expected frequency for this book is very low. as a result of the low frequency/high severity nature of the book, a small difference in the actual vs. expected claim frequency, either positive or negative, could result in a material change to the projected ultimate loss if such change in claim frequency was related to a policy where significant limits were deployed.
north america personal p&c insurance due to the relatively short-tailed nature of many of the coverages involved (e.g., homeowners property damage), most of the incurred losses in personal lines are resolved within a few years of occurrence. as shown in our loss triangle disclosure, the vast majority (almost 95 percent) of personal lines net ultimate losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses are typically paid within five years of the accident date and almost 80 percent within two years. even though there are significant reserves associated with some liability exposures such as personal excess/umbrella liability, our incurred loss triangle also shows a roughly consistent pattern of only relatively minor movements in incurred estimates over time by accident year especially after twenty-four months of maturity. while the liability exposures are subject to additional uncertainties from more protracted resolution times, the main drivers of volatility in the personal lines business are relatively short-term in nature and relate to things like natural catastrophes, non-catastrophe weather events, man-made risks, and individual large loss volatility from other fortuitous claim events.
north america agricultural insurance approximately 69 percent of the reserves for this segment are from the crop related lines, which all have short payout patterns, with the majority of the liabilities expected to be resolved in the ensuing twelve months. claim reserves for our multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) product are set on a case-by-case basis and our aggregate exposure is subject to state level risk sharing formulae as well as third-party reinsurance. the majority of the development risk arises out of the accuracy of case reserve estimates and the time needed for final crop conditions to be assessed. we do not view our agriculture reserves as substantially influenced by the general assumptions and risks underlying more typical p&c reserve estimates.
overseas general insurance certain long-tail lines, such as casualty and financial lines, are particularly susceptible to changes in loss trend and claim inflation. heightened perceptions of tort and settlement awards around the world can increase the demand for these products as well as contributing to the uncertainty in the reserving estimates. our reserving methods rely on loss development patterns estimated from historical data and while we attempt to adjust such factors for known changes in the current tort environment, it is possible that such factors may not entirely reflect all recent trends in tort environments. for example, when applying the reported loss development method, the lengthening of our selected loss development patterns by six months would increase reserve estimates on long-tail casualty and financial lines for accident years 2021 and prior by approximately $556 million. this represents an impact of 12 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $4.6 billion.
for our catastrophe business, we principally estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses on an event basis by considering various sources of information, including specific loss estimates reported by our cedants, ceding company and overall industry loss estimates reported by our brokers, and our internal data regarding reinsured exposures related to the geographical location of the event. our internal data analysis enables us to establish catastrophe reserves for known events with more certainty at an earlier date than would be the case if we solely relied on reports from third parties to determine carried reserves.
for our casualty reinsurance business, we generally rely on ceding companies to report claims and then use that data as a key input to estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses. due to the reliance on claims information reported by ceding companies, as well as other factors, the estimation of unpaid losses and loss expenses for assumed reinsurance includes certain risks and uncertainties that are unique relative to our direct insurance business. these include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:
•typically, a lag exists between the reporting of a loss event to a ceding company and its reporting to us as a reinsurance claim. the use of a broker to transmit financial information from a ceding company to us increases the reporting lag. because most of our reinsurance business is produced by brokers, ceding companies generally first submit claim and other financial information to brokers, who then report the proportionate share of such information to each reinsurer of a particular treaty. the reporting lag generally results in a longer period of time between the date a claim is incurred and the date a claim is reported compared with direct insurance operations. therefore, the risk of delayed recognition of loss reserve development is higher for assumed reinsurance than for direct insurance lines; and
•the historical claims data for a particular reinsurance contract can be limited relative to our insurance business in that there may be less historical information available. further, for certain coverages or products, such as excess of loss contracts, there may be relatively few expected claims in a particular year so the actual number of claims may be susceptible to significant variability. in such cases, the actuary often relies on industry data from several recognized sources.
we mitigate the above risks in several ways. in addition to routine analytical reviews of ceding company reports to ensure reported claims information appears reasonable, we perform regular underwriting and claims audits of ceding companies to ensure reported claims information is accurate, complete, and timely. as appropriate, audit findings are used to adjust claims in the reserving process. we also use our knowledge of the historical development of losses from individual ceding companies to adjust the level of adequacy we believe exists in the reported ceded losses. if pricing a renewal contract, we compare data in the renewal submission to our financial data and investigate any discrepancies.
on occasion, there will be differences between our carried loss reserves and unearned premium reserves and the amount of loss reserves and unearned premium reserves reported by the ceding companies. this is due to the fact that we receive consistent and timely information from ceding companies only with respect to case reserves. for ibnr, we use historical experience and other statistical information, depending on the type of business, to estimate the ultimate loss. we estimate our unearned premium reserve by applying estimated earning patterns to net premiums written for each treaty based upon that treaty's coverage basis (i.e., risks attaching or losses occurring). at december 31, 2023, the case reserves, net of retrocessions, reported to us by our ceding companies approximated our recorded case reserves. our policy is to post additional case reserves in addition to the amounts reported by our cedants when our evaluation of the ultimate value of a reported claim is different than the evaluation of that claim by our cedant.
typically, there is inherent uncertainty around the length of paid and reported development patterns, especially for certain casualty lines such as excess workers' compensation or general liability, which may take decades to fully develop. this uncertainty is accentuated by the need to supplement client development patterns with industry development patterns due to the sometimes low statistical credibility of the data. the underlying source and selection of the final development patterns can thus have a significant impact on the selected ultimate net losses and loss expenses. for example, a 20 percent shortening or lengthening of the development patterns used for u.s. long-tail lines would cause the loss reserve estimate derived by the reported bornhuetter-ferguson method for these lines to change by approximately $185 million. this represents an impact of 23 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $815 million.
corporate within corporate, we have exposure to certain liability insurance and reinsurance lines that have been in run-off, generally, since 1994. unpaid losses and loss expenses relating to this run-off business reside within the brandywine division. most of the remaining unpaid loss and loss expense reserves for the run-off business relate to a&e as well as molestation claims.
the a&e liabilities principally relate to claims arising from bodily-injury claims related to asbestos products and remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites. the estimation of our a&e liabilities is particularly sensitive to future changes in the legal, social, and economic environment. we have not assumed any such future changes in setting the value of our a&e liabilities, which include provisions for both reported and ibnr claims.
there are many complex variables that we consider when estimating the reserves for our inventory of asbestos accounts and these variables may directly impact the predicted outcome. we believe the most significant variables relating to our asbestos liabilities include the current legal environment; specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims; assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim severity and the frequency of higher severity claims; assumptions regarding the ability to allocate liability among defendants (including bankruptcy trusts) and other insurers; the ability of a claimant to bring a claim in a state in which they have no residency or exposure; the ability of a policyholder to claim the right to unaggregated coverage; whether high-level excess policies have the potential to be accessed given the policyholder's claim trends and liability situation; payments to unimpaired claimants; and the potential liability of peripheral defendants. based on the policies, the facts, the law, and a careful analysis of the impact that these factors will likely have on any given account, we estimate the potential liability for indemnity, policyholder defense costs, and coverage litigation expense.
the results in asbestos cases announced by other carriers or defendants may well have little or no relevance to us because coverage exposures are highly dependent upon the specific facts of individual coverage and resolution status of disputes among carriers, policyholders, and claimants.
chubb's exposure to molestation claims principally arises out of liabilities acquired when it purchased cigna's p&c business in 1999 and chubb corp in 2016. the vast majority of the current liability relates to exposure from recently enacted "reviver" legislation in certain states that allow civil claims relating to molestation to be asserted against policyholders that would otherwise be barred by statutes of limitations.
for additional information refer to the "asbestos and environmental (a&e)" section and to note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
future policy benefits chubb issues contracts that are classified as long-duration, which generally cover accident and supplemental health (a&h) products; term, credit, and whole life products (both participating and non-participating); endowment products; and annuities. accordingly, chubb establishes a liability for future policy benefits (fpbl) which comprises the present value of estimated future policy benefits to be paid along with certain related expenses, less the present value of estimated future net premiums to be collected. for traditional and limited-payment life insurance contracts, the fpbl is established using a net premium valuation methodology, such that expected policyholder benefit payments are accrued in proportion to premium revenue recognized. under the net premium methodology, a net premium ratio (npr) is calculated which requires assumptions on the future cash flow impact of numerous factors including mortality, morbidity, persistency, policyholder behavior, discount rates, and unpaid loss adjustment expenses. we have elected to use unpaid loss adjustment expense assumptions that are locked in at contract inception and are not subsequently reviewed or updated. except for these expenses, assumptions are regularly reviewed.
the following sections discuss the determination of assumptions that management believes to be critical accounting estimates, which depend on the application of significant, subjective, and complex judgments.
determining management's best estimates for traditional and limited-payment long-duration contracts, actuarial assumptions on mortality, morbidity, persistency, and policyholder behavior represent management's long-term best estimates. these best estimate assumptions are generally based on our experience, industry experience, or other factors if there is not sufficient credibility. in establishing best estimate assumptions, we take into consideration the prospective impact of experience deterioration, product changes, distribution changes, and other relevant environmental changes which could result in differences from historically observed experience. generally, we do not expect trends to change significantly in the short term and, to the extent trends may change, we expect the change to be gradual over the long term. best estimate assumptions are reviewed and updated at least annually, and may be updated in interim periods if we observe a material change indicative of a long-term trend. changes to best estimate assumptions impact expected future cash flows and result in a remeasurement of the fpbl. the fpbl is also remeasured to account for differences between expected and actual experience on mortality, morbidity, and persistency. all such remeasurements are reflected in policy benefits in the consolidated statements of operations in the period in which best estimate assumptions were updated.
the discount rates used to calculate the net premium ratio are locked in at policy inception, and serve as the basis to recognize interest expense for the life of the policy. discount rates used to measure the carrying value of the fpbl are updated quarterly, and the differences between the liability balances calculated using the locked-in discount rates and the updated discount rates are recognized in other comprehensive income (oci). the discount rate methodology is designed to prioritize observable inputs based on market data available in the local debt markets where the respective policies were issued in the currency in which the policies are denominated. for the discount rates applicable to tenors for which the single-a debt market is not liquid or there is little or no observable market data, we use various estimation techniques, which include, but are not limited to: (i) for tenors where there is less observable market data and/or the observable market data is available for similar instruments, estimating tenor-specific single-a credit spreads and applying them to risk-free government rates; (ii) for tenors where there is very limited or no observable single-a or similar market data, interpolation and extrapolation techniques.
deferred profit liabilities reserves for limited-payment contracts, under which benefits extend beyond the period of premium collection, also include a deferred profit liability (dpl) that represents gross premiums received in excess of expected net premiums. the amortization of dpl is included in policy benefits on the consolidated statements of operations, and is in relation to either the discounted amount of insurance in force for life insurance, or expected benefit payments for annuity contracts. the dpl is subject to the same best estimate assumptions used to determine future policy benefits reserves, however, there is no remeasurement of the dpl using then-current discount rates.
sensitivities to underlying assumptions at december 31, 2023, our liability for future policy benefits was $13.9 billion. while we believe that our future policy benefits reserves are appropriate at december 31, 2023, new information or emerging trends that impact best estimate assumptions may have a material effect on the fpbl and future operating results.
in the table below, we give an indication of the potential impact on operating results from a hypothetical change in a single assumption; we do not consider a simultaneous change in a combination of assumptions. additionally, the table assumes a parallel global shift in best estimate assumptions; however, these may be non-parallel in practice. while we consider each of the following assumption changes to represent a reasonably likely deviation, actual development may be materially different. further, changes in best estimate assumptions could result in impacts to the consolidated financial statements that are in excess of the amounts illustrated.
liability for future policy benefits                                                                                                                                                             life insurance mortality morbidity valuation of value of business acquired (voba) and amortization of voba as part of the acquisition of businesses that sell long-duration contracts, such as life products, we established an intangible asset related to voba, which represents the estimated fair value of the future profits of the in-force long duration contracts. the valuation of voba at the time of acquisition is derived from similar assumptions to those used to establish the associated future policy benefits reserves, including mortality, morbidity, persistency, investment yields, expenses, and the discount rate. the most significant input in this calculation is the discount rate used to arrive at the present value of the net cash flows. we amortize the voba as a component of policy acquisition costs in the consolidated statements of operations in relation to the profit emergence of the underlying contracts, which is generally in proportion to premium revenue recognized based upon the same assumptions used at the time of the acquisition.
at least annually, a review is performed of the recoverability of the voba asset using a premium deficiency test to ensure that the unamortized portion does not exceed the expected recoverable amounts. if it is determined that the premium margins or gross profits are less than the unamortized balance, then the asset will be adjusted downward with the adjustment recorded as an expense in the current period. unrecoverable costs are expensed in the period identified.
risk transfer in the ordinary course of business, we both purchase (or cede) and sell (or assume) reinsurance protection. we discontinued the purchase of all finite risk reinsurance contracts, as a matter of policy, in 2002. for both ceded and assumed reinsurance, risk transfer requirements must be met in order to use reinsurance accounting, principally resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract as premiums and losses. if risk transfer requirements are not met, a contract is to be accounted for as a deposit, typically resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract through a deposit asset or liability and not as revenue or expense. to meet risk transfer requirements, a reinsurance contract must include both insurance risk, consisting of underwriting and timing risk, and a reasonable possibility of a significant loss for the assuming entity. we also apply similar risk transfer requirements to determine whether certain commercial insurance contracts should be accounted for as insurance or a deposit. contracts that include fixed premium (i.e., premium not subject to adjustment based on loss experience under the contract) for fixed coverage generally transfer risk and do not require judgment.
reinsurance and insurance contracts that include both significant risk sharing provisions, such as adjustments to premiums or loss coverage based on loss experience, and relatively low policy limits, as evidenced by a high proportion of maximum premium assessments to loss limits, can require considerable judgment to determine whether or not risk transfer requirements are met. for such contracts, often referred to as finite or structured products, we require that risk transfer be specifically assessed for each contract by developing expected cash flow analyses at contract inception. to support risk transfer, the cash flow analyses must demonstrate that a significant loss is reasonably possible. we use various tests to accomplish this, one of which is the ratio of the net present value of losses and commissions divided by the net present value of premiums equals or exceeds 110 percent with at least a 10 percent probability. for purposes of cash flow analyses, we generally use a risk-free rate of return consistent with the expected average duration of loss payments. in addition, to support insurance risk, we must prove the reinsurer's risk of loss varies with that of the reinsured and/or support various scenarios under which the assuming entity can recognize a significant loss.
to ensure risk transfer requirements are routinely assessed, qualitative and quantitative risk transfer analyses and memoranda supporting risk transfer are developed by underwriters for all structured products. we have established protocols for all products that include criteria triggering a risk transfer review of the contract prior to binding. if any criterion is triggered, a contract must be reviewed by a committee established by each of our segments with reporting oversight, including peer review, from our global structured transaction review committee.
with respect to ceded reinsurance, we entered into a few multi-year excess of loss retrospectively-rated contracts, principally in 2002. these contracts primarily provided severity protection for specific product divisions. because traditional one-year reinsurance coverage had become relatively costly, these contracts were generally entered into in order to secure a more cost-effective reinsurance program. all of these contracts transferred risk and were accounted for as reinsurance. in addition, we maintain a few aggregate excess of loss reinsurance contracts that were principally entered into prior to 2003, such as the national indemnity company (nico) contracts referred to in the section entitled, "asbestos and environmental (a&e)". we have not purchased any other retroactive ceded reinsurance contracts since 1999.
with respect to assumed reinsurance and insurance contracts, products giving rise to judgments regarding risk transfer were primarily sold by our financial solutions business. although we have significantly curtailed writing financial solutions business, several contracts remain in-force and principally include multi-year retrospectively-rated contracts and loss portfolio transfers. because transfer of insurance risk is generally a primary client motivation for purchasing these products, relatively few insurance and reinsurance contracts have historically been written for which we concluded that risk transfer criteria had not been met. for certain insurance contracts that have been reported as deposits, the insured desired to self-insure a risk but was required, legally or otherwise, to purchase insurance so that claimants would be protected by a licensed insurance company in the event of non-payment from the insured.
reinsurance recoverable reinsurance recoverable includes balances due to us from reinsurance companies for paid and unpaid losses and loss expenses and is presented net of a valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance is determined based upon a review of the financial condition of the reinsurers and other factors. ceded reinsurance contracts do not relieve our primary obligation to our policyholders. consequently, an exposure exists with respect to reinsurance recoverable to the extent that any reinsurer is unable or unwilling to meet its obligations or disputes the liabilities assumed under the reinsurance contracts. we determine the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses using actuarial estimates as well as a determination of our ability to cede unpaid losses and loss expenses under existing reinsurance contracts.
the recognition of a reinsurance recoverable asset requires two key judgments. the first judgment involves our estimation based on the amount of gross reserves and the percentage of that amount which may be ceded to reinsurers. ceded ibnr, which is a major component of the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses, is generally developed as part of our loss reserving process and, consequently, its estimation is subject to similar risks and uncertainties as the estimation of gross ibnr (refer to "critical accounting estimates - unpaid losses and loss expenses"). the second judgment involves our estimate of the amount of the reinsurance recoverable balance that we may ultimately be unable to recover from reinsurers due to insolvency, contractual dispute, or for other reasons. estimated uncollectible amounts are reflected in a valuation allowance that reduces the reinsurance recoverable asset and, in turn, shareholders' equity. changes in the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance are reflected in net income.
although the obligation of individual reinsurers to pay their reinsurance obligations is based on specific contract provisions, the collectability of such amounts requires estimation by management. the majority of the recoverable balance will not be due for collection until sometime in the future, and the duration of our recoverables may be longer than the duration of our direct exposures. over this period of time, economic conditions and operational performance of a particular reinsurer may impact their ability to meet these obligations and while they may continue to acknowledge their contractual obligation to do so, they may not have the financial resources or willingness to fully meet their obligation to us.
to estimate the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, the reinsurance recoverable must first be determined for each reinsurer. this determination is based on a process rather than an estimate, although an element of judgment must be applied. as part of the process, ceded ibnr is allocated to reinsurance contracts because ceded ibnr is not generally calculated on a contract by contract basis. the allocations are generally based on premiums ceded under reinsurance contracts, adjusted for actual loss experience and historical relationships between gross and ceded losses. if actual premium and loss experience vary materially from historical experience, the allocation of reinsurance recoverable by reinsurer will be reviewed and may change. while such change is unlikely to result in a large percentage change in the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, it could, nevertheless, have a material effect on our net income in the period recorded.
generally, we use a default analysis to estimate uncollectible reinsurance. the primary components of the default analysis are reinsurance recoverable balances by reinsurer, net of collateral, and forward looking default factors used to estimate the probability that the reinsurer may be unable to meet its future obligations in full. the definition of collateral for this purpose requires some judgment and is generally limited to assets held in a chubb-only beneficiary trust, letters of credit, and liabilities held by us with the same legal entity for which we believe there is a right of offset. we do not currently include multi-beneficiary trusts. however, we have several reinsurers that have established multi-beneficiary trusts for which certain of our companies are beneficiaries. the determination of the default factor is principally based on the financial strength rating of the reinsurer and a corresponding default factor applicable to the financial strength rating. default factors require considerable judgment and are determined using the current financial strength rating, or rating equivalent, of each reinsurer as well as other key considerations and assumptions. significant considerations and assumptions include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:
•for reinsurers that maintain a financial strength rating from a major rating agency, and for which recoverable balances are considered representative of the larger population (i.e., default probabilities are consistent with similarly rated reinsurers and payment durations conform to averages), the judgment exercised by management to determine the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance of each reinsurer is typically limited because the financial rating is based on a published source and the default factor we apply is based on a historical default factor of a major rating agency applicable to the particular rating class. default factors applied for financial ratings of aaa, aa, a, bbb, bb, b, and ccc, are 0.8 percent, 1.2 percent, 1.7 percent, 4.9 percent, 19.6 percent, 34.0 percent, and 62.2 percent, respectively. because our model is predicated on the historical default factors of a major rating agency, we do not generally consider alternative factors. however, when a recoverable is expected to be paid in a brief period of time by a highly-rated reinsurer, such as certain property catastrophe claims, a default factor may not be applied;
•for balances recoverable from reinsurers that are both unrated by a major rating agency and for which management is unable to determine a credible rating equivalent based on a parent or affiliated company, we may determine a rating equivalent based on our analysis of the reinsurer that considers an assessment of the creditworthiness of the particular entity, industry benchmarks, or other factors as considered appropriate. we then apply the applicable default factor for that rating class. for balances recoverable from unrated reinsurers for which our ceded reserve is below a certain threshold, we generally apply a default factor of 34.0 percent;
•for balances recoverable from reinsurers that are either insolvent or under regulatory supervision, we establish a default factor and resulting valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance based on specific facts and circumstances surrounding each company. upon initial notification of an insolvency, we generally recognize expense for a substantial portion of all balances outstanding, net of collateral, through a combination of write-offs of recoverable balances and increases to the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. when regulatory action is taken on a reinsurer, we generally recognize a default factor by estimating an expected recovery on all balances outstanding, net of collateral. when sufficient credible information becomes available, we adjust the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance by establishing a default factor pursuant to information received; and type reinsurers with credit ratings                                                                         $16,035                                                                $13,961                                   $156
at december 31, 2023, the use of different assumptions within our approach could have a material effect on the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. to the extent the creditworthiness of our reinsurers was to deteriorate due to an adverse event affecting the reinsurance industry, such as a large number of major catastrophes, actual uncollectible amounts could be significantly greater than our valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. such an event could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and our liquidity. given the various considerations used to estimate our uncollectible valuation allowance, we cannot precisely quantify the effect a specific industry event may have on the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. however, based on the composition (particularly the average credit quality) of the reinsurance recoverable balance at december 31, 2023, we estimate that a ratings downgrade of one notch for all rated reinsurers (e.g., from a to a- or a- to bbb+) could increase our valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance by approximately $97 million or approximately 0.5 percent of the gross reinsurance recoverable balance, assuming no other changes relevant to the calculation. while a ratings downgrade would result in an increase in our valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance and a charge to earnings in that period, a downgrade in and of itself does not imply that we will be unable to collect all of the ceded reinsurance recoverable from the reinsurers in question. refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, under item 8, for additional information.
fair value measurements accounting guidance defines fair value as the price to sell an asset or transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy based on the reliability of the inputs. the fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (level 1 inputs) and the lowest priority to unobservable data (level 3 inputs). level 2 includes inputs, other than quoted prices within level 1, that are observable for assets or liabilities either directly or indirectly. refer to note 4 and note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, under item 8, for information on our fair value measurements.
assessment of investment portfolio credit losses each quarter, we evaluate expected credit losses (ecl) for fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale. because our investment portfolio is the largest component of consolidated assets, ecl could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. refer to notes 1 f) and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, under item 8, for more information.
deferred income taxes at december 31, 2023, the consolidated balance sheet reflects a deferred tax asset of $1.74 billion and a deferred tax liability of $1.56 billion. our deferred tax assets and liabilities primarily result from temporary differences between the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities. we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities separately for each tax-paying component (an individual entity or group of entities that is consolidated for tax purposes) in each tax jurisdiction. the realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods under the tax law in the applicable tax jurisdiction. there may be changes in tax laws in a number of countries where we transact business that impact our deferred tax assets and liabilities. at each balance sheet date, management assesses the need to establish a valuation allowance that reduces deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that all, or some portion, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the determination of the need for a valuation allowance is based on all available information including projections of future taxable income, principally derived from business plans and where appropriate available tax planning strategies. projections of future taxable income incorporate assumptions of future business and operations that are apt to differ from actual experience. if our assumptions and estimates that resulted in our forecast of future taxable income prove to be incorrect, an additional valuation allowance could become necessary, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. at december 31, 2023, the valuation allowance of $716 million reflects management's assessment that it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized due to the inability of certain subsidiaries to generate sufficient taxable income.
goodwill impairment assessment goodwill, which represents the excess of acquisition cost over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired, was $19.7 billion and $16.2 billion at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. during 2023, our goodwill balance increased, primarily reflecting the consolidation of huatai group, which added $3.4 billion. goodwill is assigned to applicable reporting units of acquired entities at the time of acquisition. our reporting units are the same as our reportable segments. for goodwill balances by reporting units, refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, under item 8. goodwill is not amortized but is subject to a periodic evaluation for impairment at least annually, or earlier if there are any indications of possible impairment. impairment is tested at the reporting unit level. the impairment evaluation first uses a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than a 50 percent probability) that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount. if a reporting unit fails this qualitative assessment, a single quantitative analysis is used to measure and record the amount of the impairment. in assessing the fair value of a reporting unit, we make assumptions and estimates about the profitability attributable to our reporting units, including:
•estimated cost of equity and changes in long-term risk-free interest rates.
if our assumptions and estimates made in assessing the fair value of acquired entities change, we could be required to write-down the carrying value of goodwill which could be material to our results of operations in the period the charge is taken. based on our impairment testing for 2023, we determined no impairment was required and none of our reporting units were at risk for impairment.
net premiums written                                          $47,361                  $41,720                 $37,827                      13.5      %                   10.3      %
net premiums written - constant dollars (1)                                                                                                 13.5      %                   13.0      %
net realized gains (losses)                                     (607)                  (1,085)                   1,030                    (44.0)      %                            nm market risk benefits gains (losses)                             (307)                       80                      91                               nm                 (12.0)      %
policy benefits                                                 3,628                    2,314                   1,740                      56.8      %                   33.0      %
policy acquisition costs                                        8,259                    7,339                   6,758                      12.5      %                    8.6      %
•on july 1, 2023, chubb acquired a majority controlling interest in its investment in huatai group, discontinued the equity method of accounting, and applied consolidation accounting. chubb's investment in huatai group was approximately 76.5 percent as of december 31, 2023. business activity for, and the financial position of, huatai group is reported at 100 percent on the consolidated financial statements. the relevant amounts attributable to investors other than chubb are reflected under noncontrolling interests, net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, and comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests on the consolidated financial statements. refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•net income attributable to chubb was a record $9.0 billion compared with $5.2 billion in 2022. net income in 2023 was driven by strong underwriting results, including growth in net premiums earned, and record net investment income. net income in 2023 also includes the one-time deferred tax benefit of $1.1 billion, reflecting the transition provisions related to the enactment of bermuda's new income tax law (tax benefit). in connection with the tax benefit, we elected to step up the tax basis for assets in bermuda to fair value resulting in the one-time deferred tax benefit.
•consolidated net premiums written were $47.4 billion, up 13.5 percent. p&c net premiums written increased 9.9 percent, with commercial lines and consumer lines up 8.6 percent and 13.8 percent, respectively. life insurance segment net premiums written increased 51.5 percent, driven substantially by the acquisition of cigna's asian business on july 1, 2022 and consolidation of huatai on july 1, 2023. the consolidation of huatai group added 1.5 percentage points, 1.0 percentage points, and 7.3 percentage points to consolidated, p&c, and life insurance net premiums written growth, respectively.
•total pre-tax and after-tax catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance and including reinstatement premiums, were $1.8 billion (4.5 percentage points of the p&c combined ratio) and $1.5 billion, respectively, compared with $2.2 billion (5.9 percentage points of the p&c combined ratio) and $1.8 billion, respectively, in 2022.
•total pre-tax and after-tax favorable prior period development were $773 million (1.9 percentage points of the p&c combined ratio) and $604 million, respectively, including pre-tax adverse development of $149 million related to legacy asbestos and environmental exposures, and $49 million for molestation claims. excluding the adverse development we had pre-tax favorable development of $971 million, with 5 percent in long-tail lines, and 95 percent in short-tail lines. this compares with $876 million (2.5 percentage points of the p&c combined ratio) and $729 million, respectively, in 2022.
•the p&c combined ratio was 86.5 percent compared with 87.6 percent in 2022. the current year ratio improved primarily due to lower catastrophe losses, partially offset by lower favorable prior period development. the p&c current accident year (cay) combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses was 83.9 percent compared with 84.2 percent in 2022.
•net investment income was a record $4.9 billion compared with $3.7 billion in 2022, primarily due to higher reinvestment rates on fixed maturities.
•operating cash flow was a record $12.6 billion compared with $11.3 billion in 2022.
•chubb shareholders' equity increased $9.0 billion in 2023, primarily from net income attributable to chubb of $9.0 billion and net unrealized gains on investments of $3.1 billion after-tax, partially offset by total capital returned to shareholders of $3.9 billion. total capital returned to shareholders comprises share repurchases of $2.5 billion, at an average purchase price of $209.52 per share, and dividends of $1.4 billion. relative to our share repurchase program, our board of directors approved a new program of up to $5 billion with no expiration date, effective july 1, 2023.
•effective january 1, 2023, we adopted the long-duration targeted improvements (ldti) u.s. gaap guidance, which principally impacted the life insurance segment. financial data for the prior reporting periods in this report are adjusted, as applicable, and are presented in accordance with the new guidance. the impact of this adoption to 2022 and 2021 results was immaterial.
2023 was an exceptional year reflecting double-digit premium growth, a p&c combined ratio of 86.5 percent, and record net investment income. relative to our major accounts business, growth in the fourth quarter was adversely impacted by about $125 million of lower premium from underwriting actions we planned for, and took in, a segment of our primary and excess casualty business. one half of the reduction in premium was the result of increased client retentions with the balance due to lost business. for clarity, these actions are expected to contribute to future growth in underwriting income.
regarding future north america commercial growth given current market conditions and our capabilities across all segments of commercial p&c, including large accounts, e&s and middle market, we fully expect to return to more robust growth beginning with the first quarter of 2024.
overall, we had another record-setting year and we are well positioned to continue producing outstanding results going forward.
net premiums written                                                                                                                                                                                         % change
(1)commercial multiple peril represents retail package business (property and general liability).
the increase in consolidated net premiums written in 2023 principally reflects growth across most product lines driven by strong premium retention, including rate and exposure increases, and strong new business. the increase also reflects contributions from the acquisition of cigna's business in asia on july 1, 2022, and the consolidation of huatai group on july 1, 2023. the consolidation of huatai group added 1.5 percentage points to consolidated net premiums written growth.
•commercial casualty grew in all regions globally, principally in north america and europe, driven by strong premium retention, including both rate and exposure increases, and strong new business. growth was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of planned corrective underwriting actions in north america in the fourth quarter of 2023.
•personal lines grew principally in north america and latin america, with growth strongest in homeowners. growth was driven by rate and exposure increases.
•global a&h - p&c increased primarily due to the acquisition of cigna's business in asia; and higher new business and increased consumer activity, including higher travel volume, in europe, and latin america.
•life insurance increased primarily due to the acquisition of cigna's business in asia in the third quarter of 2022, the consolidation of huatai group in the third quarter of 2023, and underlying growth in existing business in latin america and asia. the consolidation of huatai group contributed $265 million, or 7.3 percentage points to growth.
for additional information on net premiums written, refer to the segment results discussions.
net premiums earned net premiums earned for short-duration contracts, typically p&c contracts, generally reflect the portion of net premiums written that was recorded as revenues for the period as the exposure periods expire. net premiums earned for long-duration contracts, typically traditional life contracts, generally are recognized as earned when due from policyholders. net premiums earned increased $5.4 billion, up 13.3 percent, or 13.1 percent in constant dollars in 2023. p&c net premiums earned increased 9.4 percent, comprising growth in commercial and consumer lines of 8.8 percent and 11.1 percent, respectively.
catastrophe losses and prior period development we generally define catastrophe loss events consistent with the definition of the property claims service (pcs) for events in the u.s. and canada. pcs defines a catastrophe as an event that causes damage of $25 million or more in insured losses and affects a significant number of insureds. for events outside of the u.s. and canada, we generally use a similar definition. catastrophe losses are net of reinsurance and include reinstatement premiums, which are additional premiums paid on certain reinsurance agreements in order to reinstate coverage that had been exhausted by loss occurrences. the reinstatement premium amount is typically a pro rata portion of the original ceded premium paid based on how much of the reinsurance limit had been exhausted.
prior period development (ppd) arises from changes to loss estimates recognized in the current year that relate to loss events that occurred in previous calendar years and excludes the effect of losses from the development of earned premium from previous accident years. ppd includes adjustments relating to either profit commission reserves or policyholder dividend reserves based on actual claim experience that develops after the policy period ends. the expense adjustments correlate to the prior period loss development on these same policies.
refer to the prior period development section in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
p&c combined ratio in evaluating our segments excluding life insurance financial performance, we use the p&c combined ratio, the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. we calculate these ratios by dividing the respective expense amounts by net premiums earned. we do not calculate these ratios for the life insurance segment as we do not use these measures to monitor or manage the business in that segment. the p&c combined ratio is determined by adding the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. a p&c combined ratio under 100 percent indicates underwriting income, and a combined ratio exceeding 100 percent indicates underwriting loss.
policy acquisition cost ratio                         17.8   %               17.8   %               18.3   %
the loss and loss expense ratio improved in 2023, reflecting lower catastrophe losses, partially offset by lower favorable prior period development. the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2023, primarily from a higher percentage of net premiums earned from lines with a lower loss ratio, most notably in property.
the administrative expense ratio increased in 2023, primarily due to higher pension expenses and higher employee-related expenses, partially offset by the favorable impact of higher net premiums earned. the increase in pension expense reflects the adverse impact of market conditions in 2022.
policy benefits policy benefits represent losses on contracts classified as long-duration and generally include accident and supplemental health products, term and whole life products, endowment products, and annuities. refer to the life insurance segment operating results section for further discussion.
policy benefits were $3,628 million, $2,314 million and $1,740 million in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which included (gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account liabilities that do not qualify for separate account reporting under u.s. gaap of $(45) million, $(42) million and $(8) million, respectively. the offsetting movements of these liabilities are recorded in other (income) expense on the consolidated statements of operations. excluding the separate account gains and losses, policy benefits were $3,673 million, $2,356 million, and $1,748 million in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. the increase in policy benefits for 2023 is primarily due to the acquisition of cigna's business in asia and the consolidation of huatai.
we operate through six business segments: north america commercial p&c insurance, north america personal p&c insurance, north america agricultural insurance, overseas general insurance, global reinsurance, and life insurance. in addition, the results of our run-off brandywine business, including all run-off asbestos and environmental (a&e) exposures, and the results of westchester specialty operations for 1996 and prior years are presented within corporate.
net premiums written                                          $19,237                  $17,889                  $16,415                                   7.5    %                               9.0    %
policy acquisition costs                                        2,515                    2,313                    2,082                                   8.7    %                              11.1    %
underwriting income                                             3,395                    2,853                    2,312                                  19.0    %                              23.4    %
cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses                      60.2   %                 61.3   %                 62.7   %              (1.1)                 pts              (1.4)                 pts catastrophe losses                                                3.8   %                  5.6   %                  7.2   %              (1.8)                 pts              (1.6)                 pts prior period development                                        (2.9)   %                (3.6)   %                (5.1)   %                0.7                 pts                1.5                 pts loss and loss expense ratio                                      61.1   %                 63.3   %                 64.8   %              (2.2)                 pts              (1.5)                 pts policy acquisition cost ratio                                    13.7   %                 13.5   %                 13.4   %                0.2                 pts                0.1                 pts administrative expense ratio                                      6.8   %                  6.5   %                  6.8   %                0.3                 pts              (0.3)                 pts combined ratio                                                   81.6   %                 83.3   %                 85.0   %              (1.7)                 pts              (1.7)                 pts net catastrophe losses and prior period development premiums net premiums written increased $1,348 million, or 7.5 percent, in 2023, reflecting rate and exposure increases, and strong new business. the increase in premiums was across most lines of business, most notably in property, but also in select casualty and commercial multiple peril lines.
net premiums earned increased $1,309 million, or 7.7 percent, in 2023, reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above.
the administrative expense ratio increased in 2023 primarily from higher pension expenses and higher employee-related expenses, partially offset by the favorable impact of higher net premiums earned. the increase in pension expense reflects the adverse impact of market conditions in 2022.
north america personal p&c insurance the north america personal p&c insurance segment comprises operations that provide high net worth personal lines products, including homeowners and complementary products such as valuable articles, excess liability, automobile, and recreational marine insurance and services in the u.s. and canada.
net premiums written                                           $5,878                   $5,313                   $5,002                                  10.6    %                               6.2    %
policy acquisition costs                                        1,128                    1,057                    1,001                                   6.7    %                               5.6    %
underwriting income                                               568                      646                      714                                (12.2)    %                             (9.5)    %
cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses                      53.8   %                 52.9   %                 52.0   %                0.9                 pts                0.9                 pts catastrophe losses                                               12.1   %                 12.2   %                 13.6   %              (0.1)                 pts              (1.4)                 pts prior period development                                        (2.5)   %                (3.6)   %                (6.1)   %                1.1                 pts                2.5                 pts loss and loss expense ratio                                      63.4   %                 61.5   %                 59.5   %                1.9                 pts                2.0                 pts policy acquisition cost ratio                                    20.4   %                 20.4   %                 20.4   %                  -                 pts                  -                 pts administrative expense ratio                                      5.9   %                  5.6   %                  5.6   %                0.3                 pts                  -                 pts combined ratio                                                   89.7   %                 87.5   %                 85.5   %                2.2                 pts                2.0                 pts nm - not meaningful net catastrophe losses and prior period development net premiums written increased $565 million, or 10.6 percent, for 2023, primarily driven by strong new business, and rate and exposure increases, across most lines, but most notably in homeowners.
net premiums earned increased $356 million, or 6.9 percent, for 2023, reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above.
combined ratio the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses increased in 2023, primarily reflecting higher auto and excess liability losses, partially offset by earned rate and exposure exceeding loss cost trends, as well as lower actual loss experience in homeowners. the loss and loss expense ratio increased in 2023, primarily due to the factors noted above and lower favorable prior period development.
the administrative expense ratio increased in 2023, primarily from higher pension expenses, partially offset by the favorable impact of higher net premiums earned. the increase in pension expense reflects the adverse impact of market conditions in 2022.
north america agricultural insurance the north america agricultural insurance segment comprises our north american based businesses that provide a variety of coverages in the u.s. and canada including crop insurance, primarily multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) and crop-hail through rain and hail insurance service, inc. (rain and hail) as well as farm and ranch and specialty p&c commercial insurance products and services through our chubb agribusiness unit.
net premiums written                                           $3,188                   $2,907                   $2,388                                   9.7    %                              21.7    %
policy acquisition costs                                          150                      126                      124                                  19.4    %                               1.4    %
administrative expenses                                           (1)                     (10)                      (3)                                (86.9)    %                                     nm underwriting income                                               146                      165                      255                                (11.6)    %                            (35.4)    %
cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses                      90.1   %                 90.5   %                 81.5   %              (0.4)                 pts                9.0                 pts catastrophe losses                                                1.2   %                  2.2   %                  1.7   %              (1.0)                 pts                0.5                 pts prior period development                                        (0.6)   %                (2.6)   %                  0.7   %                2.0                 pts              (3.3)                 pts loss and loss expense ratio                                      90.7   %                 90.1   %                 83.9   %                0.6                 pts                6.2                 pts policy acquisition cost ratio                                     4.7   %                  4.4   %                  5.3   %                0.3                 pts              (0.9)                 pts administrative expense ratio                                        -                    (0.3)   %                (0.1)   %                0.3                 pts              (0.2)                 pts combined ratio                                                   95.4   %                 94.2   %                 89.1   %                1.2                 pts                5.1                 pts nm - not meaningful net catastrophe losses and prior period development premiums net premiums written increased $281 million, or 9.7 percent, in 2023, primarily reflecting lower premium cessions to the u.s. government of $386 million and strong new business in chubb agribusiness. under the profit-sharing agreement, we retained more premium in 2023 because of higher losses experienced in certain states. in 2022, we returned additional premiums to the government because of lower losses experienced in certain states in 2021.
net premiums earned increased $331 million, or 11.7 percent, in 2023 reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above.
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased in 2023, reflecting changes in mix of business away from products that have a lower acquisition cost ratio.
overseas general insurance overseas general insurance segment comprises chubb international and chubb global markets (cgm). chubb international comprises our international commercial p&c traditional and specialty lines serving large corporations, middle market and small customers; a&h and traditional and specialty personal lines business serving local territories outside the u.s., bermuda, and canada. cgm, our london-based international commercial p&c excess and surplus lines business, includes lloyd's of london (lloyd's) syndicate 2488. chubb provides funds at lloyd's to support underwriting by syndicate 2488 which is managed by chubb underwriting agencies limited. effective july 1, 2023, the overseas general insurance segment includes 100 percent of the results of huatai group's p&c business as required under consolidation accounting. we previously included our share of huatai results based on our equity method investment within other (income) expense.
net premiums written                                          $12,575                  $11,060                  $10,713                                  13.7    %                               3.2    %
net premiums written - constant dollars                                                                                                                  13.3    %                              11.4    %
policy benefits                                                   457                      358                      360                                  27.7    %                             (0.6)    %
policy acquisition costs                                        3,113                    2,818                    2,799                                  10.4    %                               0.7    %
underwriting income                                             1,799                    1,663                    1,421                                   8.2    %                              17.1    %
cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses                      49.7   %                 49.4   %                 50.1   %                0.3                 pts              (0.7)                 pts catastrophe losses                                                3.3   %                  3.3   %                  3.5   %                  -                 pts              (0.2)                 pts prior period development                                        (3.1)   %                (4.1)   %                (4.3)   %                1.0                 pts                0.2                 pts loss and loss expense ratio                                      49.9   %                 48.6   %                 49.3   %                1.3                 pts              (0.7)                 pts policy acquisition cost ratio                                    25.4   %                 26.1   %                 26.8   %              (0.7)                 pts              (0.7)                 pts administrative expense ratio                                     10.0   %                  9.9   %                 10.3   %                0.1                 pts              (0.4)                 pts combined ratio                                                   85.3   %                 84.6   %                 86.4   %                0.7                 pts              (1.8)                 pts nm - not meaningful net catastrophe losses and prior period development net premiums written by region                                                                                                                                                                                                                 % change net premiums written                                          $12,575                    $11,060                    $10,713                    $11,100                       13.7      %                     13.3       %                    3.2      %
net premiums written                                              100     %                  100     %                  100     %
premiums overall, net premiums written increased $1,515 million in 2023, or $1,475 million on a constant-dollar basis, reflecting growth in commercial lines of 11.2 percent, or 11.8 percent on a constant-dollar basis, and growth in consumer lines of 17.8 percent, or 15.7 percent on a constant-dollar basis. the consolidation of huatai group's p&c business contributed $460 million, or 3.4 percentage points in 2023.
our european division increased in 2023, supported by both our wholesale and retail divisions. the growth in commercial lines was primarily driven by higher new business, and positive rate increases, including commercial property and casualty lines. consumer lines increased primarily due to increased travel volume in a&h.
latin america increased in 2023, driven by growth in commercial lines due to exposure increases, positive rate increases, and new business, primarily property and casualty lines. growth in consumer was driven by an increase in personal lines.
asia pacific increased in 2023, reflecting the consolidation of huatai group's p&c business effective july 1, 2023, higher new business, higher retention and positive rate increases in commercial lines, primarily property and casualty lines. growth in consumer lines is attributable to the acquisition of cigna's business in asia effective july 1, 2022, as well as increased travel in a&h.
net premiums earned increased $1,428 million in 2023, or $1,339 million on a constant-dollar basis, reflecting the increase in net premiums written described above.
the policy acquisition cost ratio improved in 2023, primarily due to a change in the mix of business, including higher premiums earned from commercial lines that have a lower acquisition cost ratio than consumer lines.
global reinsurance the global reinsurance segment represents our reinsurance operations comprising chubb tempest re bermuda, chubb tempest re usa, chubb tempest re international, and chubb tempest re canada. global reinsurance markets its reinsurance products worldwide primarily through reinsurance brokers under the chubb tempest re brand name and provides a broad range of traditional and non-traditional reinsurance coverage to a diverse array of primary p&c companies.
net premiums written                                           $1,018                      $943                      $873                                     8.0   %                                8.0    %
net premiums written - constant dollars                                                                                                                       8.2   %                                9.5    %
policy acquisition costs                                          264                       240                       200                                     9.9   %                               20.0    %
underwriting income (loss)                                        235                      (24)                      (69)                                           nm                              65.7    %
cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses                      46.8   %                  49.7   %                  50.7   %                (2.9)                 pts              (1.0)                 pts catastrophe losses                                                0.8   %                  20.3   %                  28.3   %               (19.5)                 pts              (8.0)                 pts prior period development                                        (3.3)   %                   2.6   %                   0.2   %                (5.9)                 pts                2.4                 pts loss and loss expense ratio                                      44.3   %                  72.6   %                  79.2   %               (28.3)                 pts              (6.6)                 pts policy acquisition cost ratio                                    27.4   %                  26.1   %                  25.1   %                  1.3                 pts                1.0                 pts administrative expense ratio                                      3.8   %                   3.9   %                   4.4   %                (0.1)                 pts              (0.5)                 pts combined ratio                                                   75.5   %                 102.6   %                 108.7   %               (27.1)                 pts              (6.1)                 pts nm - not meaningful net catastrophe losses and prior period development premiums net premiums written increased $75 million in 2023, reflecting continued growth in the portfolio, mainly in property lines, partially offset by the impact of catastrophe reinstatement premiums recognized in the prior year.
net premiums earned increased $40 million in 2023, primarily reflecting the increase in net premiums written described above.
combined ratio the loss and loss expense ratio improved in 2023, primarily due to lower catastrophe losses and favorable prior period development. the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses improved in 2023 primarily from an improvement in market conditions in several lines of business and a shift in the mix of business towards property lines, which generally has higher margins.
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased in 2023, primarily due to higher catastrophe reinstatement premiums recognized in the prior year, which have a lower acquisition cost.
life insurance the life insurance segment comprises our international life operations, which commencing in the third quarter of 2022, includes cigna's a&h and life business in korea, taiwan, new zealand, hong kong, and indonesia, acquired on july 1, 2022. effective july 1, 2023, the life insurance segment includes 100 percent of the results of huatai group's life and asset management business as required under consolidation accounting. we previously included our share of huatai results based on our equity method investment within other (income) expense. the life insurance segment also includes chubb tempest life re (chubb life re), and the north american supplemental a&h and life business of combined insurance. results for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, are adjusted to reflect the adoption of ldti. refer to note 1 x).
net premiums written                                           $5,465                   $3,608                  $2,436                      51.5      %                      48.1      %
net premiums written - constant dollars                                                                                                     50.9      %                      53.1      %
policy benefits                                                 3,216                    1,998                   1,388                      60.9      %                      43.9      %
policy acquisition costs                                        1,089                      785                     552                      38.8      %                      42.3      %
nm - not meaningful premiums net premiums written increased $1,857 million in 2023, or $1,843 million on a constant-dollar basis.
for our international life operations, net premiums written increased 73.8 percent, of which 45.2 percentage points is from the acquisition of cigna's business in asia, effective july 1, 2022, and 10.3 percentage points from the consolidation of huatai group's life insurance business, effective july 1, 2023. the remaining 18.3 percentage points relates to underlying growth in existing business from latin america bank distribution channels, and asia agency and partnership channels.
net premiums written in our north american combined insurance business declined 4.4 percent in 2023, as growth in the supplemental a&h business was more than offset by the non-renewal of a large program.
deposits the following table presents deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts:
deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts           $1,590               $1,800               $2,441        (11.7)      %            (7.4)           %                     (26.2)      %
deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts (life deposits) are not reflected as revenues in our consolidated statements of operations in accordance with u.s. gaap. new life deposits are an important component of production, and although they do not significantly affect current period income from operations, they are key to our efforts to grow our business. life deposits collected decreased $210 million, or $127 million on a constant-dollar basis, in 2023, primarily in taiwan, reflecting challenging market conditions for investment linked products due to financial market volatility and a rapid increase in interest rates. the decrease in collections was partially offset by deposit growth from the consolidation of huatai group.
life insurance segment income life insurance segment income increased $388 million in 2023, reflecting the acquisition of cigna's business in asia and the consolidation of huatai as noted above, and higher net investment income due to a higher invested asset base and fund dividends. in addition, other (income) expense increased $85 million in 2023, primarily reflecting the consolidation of huatai's asset management business which added $48 million mainly through management fees.
corporate corporate results primarily include the results of our non-insurance companies, income and expenses not attributable to reportable segments and loss and loss expenses of asbestos and environmental (a&e) liabilities and certain other non-a&e run-off exposures, including molestation. effective july 1, 2023, 100 percent of huatai group's non-insurance operations results, comprising real estate and holding company activity, are included in corporate. results for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 are adjusted to reflect the adoption of ldti. refer to note 1 x).
underwriting loss                                                   683                    748                     937                                    (8.7)   %        (20.1)   %
net realized gains (losses)                                       (602)                (1,074)                   1,038                    (43.9)      %                               nm market risk benefits gains (losses)                               (307)                        80                      91                            nm                    (12.0)   %
administrative expenses increased in 2023, primarily due to increased spending to support digital growth initiatives.
cigna integration expenses of $69 million for 2023 principally comprised legal and professional fees and all other costs directly related to the integration activities of the cigna acquisition. these expenses are one-time in nature and are not related to the on-going business activities of the segments. the chief executive officer does not manage segment results or allocate resources to segments when considering these costs and they are therefore excluded from our definition of segment income.
refer to the respective sections that follow for a discussion of net realized gains (losses), net investment income (loss), amortization of purchased intangibles, and income tax expense (benefit). refer to notes 11 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on market risk benefits gains (losses) and other (income) expense, respectively.
effective income tax rate our effective tax rate (etr) was 5.4 percent, 19.1 percent, and 13.0 percent in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. our etr reflects a mix of income or losses in jurisdictions with a wide range of tax rates, permanent differences between u.s. gaap and local tax laws, and the impact of discrete items. a change in the geographic mix of earnings could impact our etr. the decrease in the etr from 2022 to 2023 was primarily due to a one-time deferred tax benefit of $1.14 billion related to the enactment of bermuda's new income tax law, and our mix of earnings among various jurisdictions, partially offset by discrete tax items.
we take a long-term view with our investment strategy, and our investment managers manage our investment portfolio to maximize total return within specific guidelines designed to minimize risk. the majority of our investment portfolio is available-for-sale and reported at fair value.
the effect of market movements on our fixed maturities available-for-sale portfolio impacts net income (through net realized gains (losses)) when securities are sold, when we write down an asset, or when we record a change to the valuation allowance for expected credit losses. for a further discussion related to how we assess the valuation allowance for expected credit losses and the related impact on net income, refer to note 1 f) to the consolidated financial statements. the effect of market movements on fixed maturities related to consolidated investment products in the huatai portfolio (fixed maturities - cip) impact net realized gains (losses). additionally, net income is impacted through the reporting of changes in the fair value of public and private equity securities and derivatives, including financial futures, options, and swaps. changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on available-for-sale securities, resulting from the revaluation of securities held, changes in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment, changes in current discount rate on future policy benefits, changes in instrument-specific credit risk on market risk benefits, unrealized postretirement benefit obligations liability adjustment, and cross-currency swaps designated as hedges for accounting purposes are reported as separate components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in shareholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheets.
fixed maturities (1)                                                        $(481)                          $3,438                     $2,957                    $(1,049)                   $(10,598)                    $(11,647)                        $3
public equity sales                                                                         (68)                               -                       (68)                         409                           -                          409                       157
private equity (less than 3 percent ownership)
current discount rate on future policy benefits                                  -                              84                         84                           -                       1,480                        1,480                         -
instrument-specific credit risk on market risk benefits                          -                               2                          2                           -                          33                           33                         -
(1)    2023 includes a net decrease of the valuation allowance of expected credit losses of $47 million on fixed maturities and a net increase of $4 million for the valuation allowance of expected credit losses on private debt held-for-investment.
pre-tax net realized losses of $607 million in 2023 mainly comprised losses from sales and impairments of fixed maturities and foreign exchange losses.
non-gaap reconciliation in presenting our results, we included and discussed certain non-gaap measures. these non-gaap measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations and financial condition. however, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with gaap.
we provide financial measures, including net premiums written, net premiums earned, and underwriting income on a constant-dollar basis. we believe it is useful to evaluate the trends in our results exclusive of the effect of fluctuations in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and the currencies in which our international business is transacted, as these exchange rates could fluctuate significantly between periods and distort the analysis of trends. the impact is determined by assuming constant foreign exchange rates between periods by translating prior period results using the same local currency exchange rates as the comparable current period.
p&c performance metrics comprise consolidated operating results (including corporate) and exclude the operating results of the life insurance segment. we believe that these measures are useful and meaningful to investors as they are used by management to assess the company's p&c operations which are the most economically similar. we exclude the life insurance segment because the results of this business do not always correlate with the results of our p&c operations.
p&c combined ratio is the sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, policy acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding the life business and including the realized gains and losses on the crop derivatives. these derivatives were purchased to provide economic benefit, in a manner similar to reinsurance protection, in the event that a significant decline in commodity pricing impacts underwriting results. we view gains and losses on these derivatives as part of the results of our underwriting operations.
cay p&c combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses (cats) excludes cats and prior period development (ppd) from the p&c combined ratio. we exclude cats as they are not predictable as to timing and amount and ppd as these unexpected loss developments on historical reserves are not indicative of our current underwriting performance. the combined ratio numerator is adjusted to exclude cats, net premiums earned adjustments on ppd, prior period expense adjustments and reinstatement premiums on ppd, and the denominator is adjusted to exclude net premiums earned adjustments on ppd and reinstatement premiums on cats and ppd. in periods where there are adjustments on loss sensitive policies, these adjustments are excluded from ppd and net premiums earned when calculating the ratios. we believe this measure provides a better evaluation of our underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our p&c business that may be obscured by these items. this measure is commonly reported among our peer companies and allows for a better comparison.
reinstatement premiums are additional premiums paid on certain reinsurance agreements in order to reinstate coverage that had been exhausted by loss occurrences. the reinstatement premium amount is typically a pro rata portion of the original ceded premium paid based on how much of the reinsurance limit had been exhausted.
net premiums earned adjustments within ppd are adjustments to the initial premium earned on retrospectively rated policies based on actual claim experience that develops after the policy period ends. the premium adjustments correlate to the prior period loss development on these same policies and are fully earned in the period the adjustments are recorded.
numerator losses and loss expenses/policy benefits                                   a                                            $11,256                                                                $3,511                                                             $2,874                                                    $6,100                                          $426                                      $281                                   $24,448
policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses                       c                                             $3,765                                                                $1,457                                                               $149                                                    $4,332                                          $301                                      $402                                   $10,406
policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses, adjusted             d                                             $3,745                                                                $1,457                                                               $149                                                    $4,332                                          $302                                      $402                                   $10,387
policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio                   c/e                                             20.5                %                                                 26.3               %                                                4.7              %                                       35.4          %                               31.2      %                                                                         25.9      %
policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio, adjusted         d/f                                             20.3                %                                                 26.3               %                                                4.6              %                                       35.4          %                               31.1      %                                                                         25.7      %
numerator losses and loss expenses/policy benefits                                   a                                   $10,828                                                    $3,186                                                 $2,557                                        $5,252                               $670         $363                           $22,856
policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses                       c                                    $3,426                                                    $1,348                                                   $116                                        $3,888                               $276         $385                            $9,439
policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses, adjusted             d                                    $3,402                                                    $1,348                                                   $118                                        $3,888                               $275         $385                            $9,416
policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio                   c/e                                    20.0                %                                     26.0               %                                    4.1              %                           36.0          %                    30.0     %                                     25.6      %
policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio, adjusted         d/f                                    19.8                %                                     26.0               %                                    3.9              %                           36.0          %                    31.8     %                                     25.4      %
numerator losses and loss expenses/policy benefits                                   a                                   $10,015                                                    $2,924                                                 $1,962                                        $5,143                               $632         $572                           $21,248
policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses                       c                                    $3,134                                                    $1,277                                                   $121                                        $3,877                               $235         $365                            $9,009
policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses, adjusted             d                                    $3,128                                                    $1,277                                                   $124                                        $3,877                               $235         $365                            $9,006
policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio                   c/e                                    20.2                %                                     26.0               %                                    5.2              %                           37.1          %                    29.5     %                                     26.5      %
policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio, adjusted         d/f                                    20.2                %                                     25.9               %                                    5.3              %                           37.1          %                    30.5     %                                     26.5      %
market yield on fixed maturities                                    5.3   %                    5.6   %                    2.3   %
(1)excludes consolidated investment products and private equities where we own more than three percent.
(2)includes $21 million, $41 million, and $84 million of amortization expense related to the fair value adjustment of acquired invested assets in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. excludes investment income from our private equities where we own more than 3 percent interest.
net investment income is influenced by a number of factors including the amounts and timing of inward and outward cash flows, the level of interest rates, and changes in overall asset allocation. net investment income increased 31.9 percent in 2023 compared with 2022, primarily due to higher reinvestment rates on fixed maturities and the consolidation of huatai group. refer to note 1 f) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
for private equities where we own less than three percent, investment income is included within net investment income in the table above. for private equities where we own more than three percent, investment income is included within other (income) expense in the consolidated statements of operations. excluded from net investment income is the mark-to-market movement for private equities, which is recorded within either other (income) expense or net realized gains (losses) based on our percentage of ownership. the total mark-to-market movement for private equities excluded from net investment income was as follows:
total mark-to-market gain (loss) on private equity, pre-tax          $504                $(250)                     $2,115
interest expense interest expense was $672 million, $570 million, and $492 million for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. interest expense increased in 2023 primarily from rising interest rates on held collateral and repurchase agreements, partially offset by the maturity of $1 billion senior notes in november 2022 and $475 million senior notes in march 2023. pre-tax interest expense is expected to total $690 million for 2024 based on our debt obligations as of december 31, 2023, at current foreign exchange rates, fees from expected usage of certain facilities including letters of credit, and interest on held collateral and repurchase agreements. refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, under item 8, for more information.
amortization of purchased intangibles and other amortization amortization of purchased intangibles amortization expense related to purchased intangibles was $310 million, $285 million, and $287 million for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. the amortization of purchased intangibles expense in 2024 is expected to be $312 million, or approximately $78 million each quarter. refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, under item 8, for more information on the expected pre-tax amortization expense of purchased intangibles, at current foreign currency exchange rates, for the next five years.
at december 31, 2023, the deferred tax liability associated with the other intangible assets (excluding the fair value adjustment on unpaid losses and loss expenses) was $1,558 million.
the following table presents, as of december 31, 2023, the expected reduction to the deferred tax liability associated with the amortization of other intangible assets, at current foreign currency exchange rates, for the next five years:
for the years ending december 31         reduction to deferred tax liability associated with intangible assets amortization of the fair value adjustment on assumed long-term debt the following table presents, as of december 31, 2023, the expected amortization benefit from the fair value adjustment on assumed long-term debt related to the chubb corp acquisition for the next five years:
for the years ending december 31                 amortization benefit of the fair value adjustment on assumed long-term debt (1)
investments our investment portfolio is invested primarily in publicly traded, investment grade, fixed income securities with an average credit quality of a/a as rated by the independent investment rating services standard and poor's (s&p)/ moody's investors service (moody's). excluding huatai, the portfolio is primarily managed externally by independent, professional investment managers and is broadly diversified across geographies, sectors, and issuers. we hold no collateralized debt obligations in our investment portfolio, and we provide no credit default protection. we have long-standing global credit limits for our entire portfolio across the organization. exposures are aggregated, monitored, and actively managed by our global credit committee, comprising senior executives, including our chief financial officer, our chief risk officer, our chief investment officer, and our treasurer. we also have well-established, strict contractual investment rules requiring managers to maintain highly diversified exposures to individual issuers and closely monitor investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines.
the average duration of our fixed income securities, including the effect of options and swaps, was 4.8 years and 4.5 years at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. we estimate that a 100 basis point (bps) increase in interest rates would reduce the valuation of our fixed income portfolio by approximately $5.5 billion at december 31, 2023. the following table shows the fair value and cost/amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our invested assets:
fixed maturities - consolidated investment products               3,773                         3,773                            -                                   -
fixed maturities available-for-sale                             106,571                       110,972                       85,220                              93,186
fixed maturities held to maturity                                     -                             -                        8,439                               8,848
fixed income securities                                         114,895                       119,296                       98,619                             106,996
equity securities                                                 3,455                         3,455         827                        827
private equities and other                                       15,832                        15,832                       13,696                              13,696
the fair value of our total investments increased $23.6 billion during the year ended december 31, 2023, reflecting the consolidation of huatai, which added $12.7 billion, of which $7.2 billion was attributable to chubb. in addition, there was a net increase reflecting the investing of operating cash flow and unrealized gains, partially offset by share repurchases and dividend payments.
the following tables present the fair value of our fixed income securities at december 31, 2023 and 2022. the first table lists investments according to type and second according to s&p credit rating:
corporate and asset-backed securities                            42,830                            37     %               38,535                            40     %
mortgage-backed securities                                       22,058                            19     %               17,202                            17     %
(1) includes fixed maturities related to consolidated investment products (cip) of $3.8 billion recorded in other investments in the consolidated balance sheets.
corporate and asset-backed securities the following table presents our 10 largest global exposures to corporate bonds by fair value at december 31, 2023:
citigroup inc                             546
mortgage-backed securities the following table shows the fair value and amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our mortgage-backed securities:
s&amp;p credit rating        fair value        amortized cost, net december 31, 2023                                         aaa                      aa                     a                  bbb                  bb and             total                      total commercial mortgage-backed securities               1,798                      190                   107                   9                      2            2,106                   2,283
total mortgage-backed securities                   $2,688                  $19,149                  $149                 $63                     $9          $22,058                 $23,717
municipal as part of our overall investment strategy, we may invest in states, municipalities, and other political subdivisions fixed maturity securities (municipal). we apply the same investment selection process described previously to our municipal investments. the portfolio is highly diversified primarily in state general obligation bonds and essential service revenue bonds including education and utilities (water, power, and sewers).
chubb's local currency investment portfolios have strict contractual investment guidelines requiring managers to maintain a high quality and diversified portfolio to both sector and individual issuers. investment portfolios are monitored daily to ensure investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines.
our non-u.s. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of our non-u.s. operations. the average credit quality of our non-u.s. fixed income securities is a and 39 percent of our holdings are rated aaa or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies. within the context of these investment portfolios, our government and corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. issuer limits are based on credit rating (aa-two percent, a-one percent, bbb-0.5 percent of the total portfolio) and are monitored daily via an internal compliance system. we manage our indirect exposure using the same credit rating based investment approach. accordingly, we do not believe our indirect exposure is material.
the following table summarizes the fair value and amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our non-u.s. fixed income portfolio by country/sovereign for non-u.s. government securities at december 31, 2023:
united mexican states                              604                              626
other non-u.s. government securities             5,957                            6,204
the following table summarizes the fair value and amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our non-u.s. fixed income portfolio by country/sovereign for non-u.s. corporate securities at december 31, 2023:
united kingdom                                2,641                            2,749
united states (1)                             1,532                            1,565
other non-u.s. corporate securities           6,228                            6,484
(1) the countries that are listed in the non-u.s. corporate fixed income portfolio above represent the ultimate parent company's country of risk. non-u.s. corporate securities could be issued by foreign subsidiaries of u.s. corporations.
below-investment grade corporate fixed income portfolio below-investment grade securities have different characteristics than investment grade corporate debt securities. risk of loss from default by the borrower is greater with below-investment grade securities. below-investment grade securities are generally unsecured and are often subordinated to other creditors of the issuer. also, issuers of below-investment grade securities usually have higher levels of debt and are more sensitive to adverse economic conditions, such as recession or increasing interest rates, than investment grade issuers. at december 31, 2023, our corporate fixed income investment portfolio included below-investment grade and non-rated securities which, in total, comprised approximately 15 percent of our fixed income portfolio. our below-investment grade and non-rated portfolio includes over 1,600 issuers, with the greatest single exposure being $168 million.
we manage high-yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. the allocation to high-yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (bb/b). our minimum rating for initial purchase is bb/b. sixteen external investment managers are responsible for high-yield security selection and portfolio construction. our high-yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience. holdings are highly diversified across industries and generally subject to a 1.5 percent issuer limit as a percentage of high-yield allocation. we monitor position limits daily through an internal compliance system. derivative and structured securities (e.g., credit default swaps and collateralized debt obligations) are not permitted in the high-yield portfolio.
asbestos and environmental (a&e) reserving considerations for asbestos, chubb faces claims relating to policies issued to manufacturers, distributors, installers, and other parties in the chain of commerce for asbestos and products containing asbestos. claimants will generally allege damages across an extended time period which may coincide with multiple policies covering a wide range of time periods for a single insured.
environmental claims present exposure for remediation and defense costs associated with the contamination of property or bodily injury as a result of pollution.
the survival ratios provide only a very rough depiction of reserves and are significantly impacted by a number of factors such as aggressive settlement practices, variations in gross to ceded relationships within the asbestos or environmental claims, and levels of coverage provided. therefore, we urge caution in using these very simplistic ratios to gauge reserve adequacy.
catastrophe management we actively monitor and manage our catastrophe risk accumulation around the world from natural perils, which includes setting risk limits based on probable maximum loss (pml) and purchasing catastrophe reinsurance to ensure sufficient liquidity and capital to meet the expectations of regulators, rating agencies, and policyholders, and to provide shareholders with an appropriate risk-adjusted return. chubb uses internal and external data together with sophisticated, analytical catastrophe loss and risk modeling techniques to ensure an appropriate understanding of risk, including diversification and correlation effects, across different product lines and territories. the table below presents our modeled pre-tax estimates of natural catastrophe pml, net of reinsurance, at december 31, 2023, and does not represent our expected catastrophe losses for any one year.
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)           chubb               % of total chubb shareholders'equity                     chubb                           % of total chubb shareholders'                     chubb                           % of total chubb shareholders'
equity                                                                             equity
(2) u.s. hurricane losses include losses from wind, storm-surge, and related precipitation-induced flooding.
the pml for worldwide and key u.s. peril regions are based on our in-force portfolio at october 1, 2023, and reflect the september 1, 2023, reinsurance program as well as inuring reinsurance protection coverages. this includes a $500 million excess of loss program for named windstorms and earthquakes within northeast states, purchased and effective september 1, 2023. refer to the global property catastrophe reinsurance section for more information. these estimates assume that reinsurance recoverable is fully collectible.
according to the model, for the 1-in-100 return period scenario, there is a one percent chance that our pre-tax annual aggregate losses incurred in any year from u.s. hurricane events could be in excess of $3,827 million (or 6.4 percent of total chubb shareholders' equity at december 31, 2023).
•while the use of third-party modeling packages to simulate potential catastrophe losses is prevalent within the insurance industry, the models are reliant upon significant meteorology, seismology, and engineering assumptions to estimate catastrophe losses. in particular, modeled catastrophe events are not always a representation of actual events and ensuing additional loss potential;
•there is no universal standard in the preparation of insured data for use in the models, the running of the modeling software, and interpretation of loss output. these loss estimates do not represent our potential maximum exposures and it is highly likely that our actual incurred losses would vary materially from the modeled estimates;
•the potential effects of climate change add to modeling complexity; and
•changing climate conditions could impact our exposure to natural catastrophe risks. published studies by leading government, academic and professional organizations combined with extensive research by chubb climate scientists reveal the potential for increases in the frequency and severity of key natural perils such as tropical cyclones, inland flood, and wildfire. to understand the potential impacts on the chubb portfolio, we have conducted stress tests on our peak exposure zone, namely in the u.s., using parameters outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc) climate change 2021 report. these parameters consider the impacts of climate change and the resulting climate peril impacts over a timescale relevant to our business. the tests are conducted by adjusting our baseline view of risk for the perils of hurricane, inland flood, and wildfire in the u.s. to reflect increases in frequency and severity across the modeled domains for each of these perils. based on these tests against the chubb portfolio we do not expect material impacts to our baseline pmls from climate change through december 31, 2024. these tests reflect current exposures only and exclude potentially mitigating factors such as changes to building codes, public or private risk mitigation, regulation, and public policy.
terrorism we offer terrorism coverage in the u.s. and in many other countries through various insurance products. we actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures through set risk limits based on modeled losses from certain terrorism attack scenarios, the purchase of reinsurance, and the reliance on government-sponsored terrorism reinsurance programs. in the u.s., certain protections of our terrorism exposure are provided through the terrorism risk insurance program reauthorization act of 2019 (tripra). in 2023, tripra covers 81 percent of insured losses above a deductible, estimated to be approximately $3.2 billion. refer to "global property catastrophe reinsurance program" for information on our reinsurance protection purchased. at our largest exposure location in the u.s., our maximum modeled losses from a 10-ton truck-bomb explosion are estimated to be $2.1 billion pre-tax based on the exposures, net of reinsurance and tripra, as of december 31, 2023.
cyber insurance while frequency and severity trends are being managed through long-standing underwriting strategies, the potential catastrophe risk that aggregation of cyber exposures presents to insurers is unique and unprecedented. in contrast with natural catastrophe risks, catastrophic cyber event scenarios are not bound by time or geography. further, catastrophic cyber perils do not have well-established definitions or fundamental physical properties. for these reasons, catastrophic cyber events have the inherent potential for significant economic loss. although cyber risk does not represent a material component of our net premiums written and we engage in significant risk mitigation through our underwriting and use of reinsurance, we are exposed to material losses in the event of a systemic cyber-attack.
financial risk the consequences of adverse global or regional market and economic conditions may affect our investment portfolio. our investment portfolio is subject to credit or default risk and may also be less liquid in times of economic weakness or market disruptions. our investments are subject to market risks and risks inherent in individual securities. our investment performance is highly sensitive to many factors, including interest rates, inflation, monetary and fiscal policies, and domestic and international political conditions. the volatility of our losses may force us to liquidate securities, which may cause us to incur capital losses. realized and unrealized losses in our investment portfolio would reduce our book value, and if significant, can affect our ability to conduct business.
moreover, we have substantial exposure to insurance products which are sensitive to certain system-wide financial conditions, such as our financial lines, surety, political risk, involuntary loss of employment (outside u.s.), and trade credit products. these products tend to be characterized by infrequent but potentially high severity losses. the majority of our exposure in these products may be impacted by an adverse economic climate such as an economic recession or depression. if the financial condition of these insureds were adversely affected by the economy or otherwise, we may experience an increase in filed claims and may incur high severity losses, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. we monitor credit exposures to single counterparties and to sectors of interest from sources across our operations (e.g. investments, insurance products, reinsurance recoverable, bank deposits, letters of credit) and establish guidelines for credit risk exposure at the counterparty level. our net income may be volatile because certain variable annuity reinsurance products sold expose us to reserve and fair value liability changes that are directly affected by market and other factors and assumptions.
pandemic an outbreak of pandemic disease, such as the covid-19 pandemic, could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations. the vast majority of our property and liability coverages do not provide coverage for pandemic claims. however, we are subject to the potential of aggregation of loss from coverages provided in our life, a&h, and workers' compensation portfolios. we assess our direct pandemic exposure using stress scenarios that consider mortality, morbidity, and other causes of insured loss such as trip cancellation. our assessment also incorporates the impact of a severe economic downturn which, as stated above under financial risk, includes an adverse impact to our investment portfolio and to our insurance products sensitive to certain system-wide financial conditions.
global property catastrophe reinsurance program chubb's core property catastrophe reinsurance program provides protection against natural catastrophes impacting its primary property operations (i.e., excluding our global reinsurance and life insurance segments).
we regularly review our reinsurance protection and corresponding property catastrophe exposures. this may or may not lead to the purchase of additional reinsurance prior to a program's renewal date. in addition, prior to each renewal date, we consider how much, if any, coverage we intend to buy and we may make material changes to the current structure in light of various factors, including modeled pml assessment at various return periods, reinsurance pricing, our risk tolerance and exposures, and various other structuring considerations.
chubb renewed its global property catastrophe reinsurance program for our north american and international operations effective april 1, 2023, through march 31, 2024, with no material changes in coverage to the expired program. the program consists of three layers in excess of losses retained by chubb on a per occurrence basis. in addition, chubb renewed its terrorism coverage (excluding nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation coverage, with an inclusion of coverage for biological and chemical coverage for personal lines) for the united states from april 1, 2023, through march 31, 2024, with the same limits and retention and percentage placed except that the majority of terrorism coverage is on an aggregate basis above our retentions without a reinstatement.
effective september 1, 2023, chubb purchased an additional layer of per occurrence coverage for named windstorms and earthquakes within northeast states. coverage is provided for losses for north american and international operations within the territory through august 31, 2024.
loss location                                                    layer of loss   comments                               notes united states                                        $0 million - $1.1 billion   losses retained by chubb               (a)
united states                                      $1.1 billion -$1.25 billion   all natural perils and terrorism       (b)
united states                                     $1.25 billion -$2.35 billion   all natural perils and terrorism       (c)
united states                                      $2.35 billion -$3.5 billion   all natural perils and terrorism       (d)
united states (northeast states only)               $3.5 billion -$4.0 billion   named windstorm and earthquake         (e)
(a) ultimate retention will depend upon the nature of the loss and the interplay between the underlying per risk programs and certain other catastrophe programs purchased by individual business units. these other catastrophe programs have the potential to reduce our effective retention below the stated levels.
(b) these coverages are partially placed with reinsurers.
(c) these coverages are both part of the same second layer within the global property catastrophe reinsurance program and are fully placed with reinsurers.
(d) these coverages are both part of the same third layer within the global property catastrophe reinsurance program and are fully placed with reinsurers.
(e) northeast states are defined as virginia to maine. this coverage is fully placed with reinsurers.
political risk and credit insurance political risk insurance is a specialized coverage that provides clients with protection against unexpected, catastrophic political or macroeconomic events, primarily in emerging markets. we participate in this market through our bermuda based wholly-owned subsidiary sovereign risk insurance ltd. (sovereign), and through a unit of our london-based cgm operation. chubb is one of the world's leading underwriters of political risk and credit insurance, has a global portfolio spread across more than 150 countries and is also a member of the berne union. our clients include financial institutions, national export credit agencies, leading multilateral agencies, private equity firms and multinational corporations. cgm writes political risk and credit insurance business out of underwriting offices in london, united kingdom; hamburg, germany; sao paulo, brazil; singapore; tokyo, japan; and in the u.s. in the following locations: chicago, new york, los angeles and washington, d.c.
our political risk insurance products provide protection to commercial lenders against defaults on cross border loans, cover investors against equity losses, and protect exporters against defaults on contracts. commercial lenders, our largest client segment, are covered for missed scheduled loan repayments due to acts of confiscation, expropriation or nationalization by the host government, currency inconvertibility or exchange transfer restrictions, or war or other acts of political violence. in addition, in the case of loans to government-owned entities or loans that have a government guarantee, political risk policies cover scheduled payments against risks of non-payment or non-honoring of government guarantees. private equity investors and corporations cover their equity investments against financial losses, such as expropriatory events, inability to repatriate dividends, and physical damage to their operations caused by covered political risk events. our export contracts product provides coverage for both exporters and their financing banks against the risk of contract frustration due to government actions, including non-payment by governmental entities.
cgm's credit insurance businesses cover losses due to insolvency, protracted default, and political risk perils including export and license cancellation. our credit insurance product provides coverage to larger companies that have sophisticated credit risk management systems, with exposure to multiple customers and that have the ability to self-insure losses up to a certain level through excess of loss coverage. it also provides coverage to trade finance banks, exporters, and trading companies, with exposure to trade-related financing instruments. cgm also has limited capacity for specialist credit insurance products which provide coverage for project finance and working capital loans for large corporations and banks.
we have implemented structural features in our policies in order to control potential losses within the political risk and credit insurance businesses. these include basic loss sharing features such as co-insurance and deductibles and, in the case of trade credit, the use of non-qualifying losses that drop smaller exposures deemed too difficult to assess. ultimate loss severity is also limited by using waiting periods to enable the insurer and insured to mitigate losses and to agree on recovery strategies if a claim does materialize. we have the option to pay claims over the original loan repayment schedule, rather than in a lump sum, in order to provide insureds and the insurer additional time to remedy problems and work towards full recoveries. it is important to note that political risk and credit policies are named peril conditional insurance contracts, not financial guarantees, and claims are only paid after conditions and warranties are fulfilled. political risk and credit insurance policies do not cover currency devaluations, bond defaults, movements in overseas equity markets, transactions deemed illegal, situations where corruption or misrepresentation has occurred, or debt that is not legally enforceable. in addition to assessing and mitigating potential exposure on a policy-by-policy basis, we also have specific risk management measures in place to manage overall exposure and risk. these measures include placing country, credit, and individual transaction limits based on country risk and credit ratings, combined single loss limits on multi-country policies, the use of quota share and excess of loss reinsurance protection as well as quarterly modeling and stress-testing of the portfolio. we have a dedicated country and credit risk management team that is responsible for the portfolio.
crop insurance we are, and have been since the 1980s, one of the leading writers of crop insurance in the u.s. and have conducted that business through a managing general agent subsidiary of rain and hail. we provide protection throughout the u.s. on a variety of crops and are therefore geographically diversified, which reduces the risk of exposure to a single event or a heavy accumulation of losses in any one region. given its concentration of risk exposed to temperature, moisture, drought, hail and the more frequent and severe storms associated with climate change, crop insurance is a business with catastrophe-like features. our crop insurance business comprises two components - multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) and crop-hail insurance.
the mpci program, offered in conjunction with the u.s. department of agriculture's risk management agency (rma), is a federal subsidized insurance program that covers revenue shortfalls or production losses due to natural causes such as drought, excessive moisture, hail, wind, freeze, insects, and disease. these revenue products are defined as providing both commodity price and yield coverages. policies are available for various crops in different areas of the u.s. and generally have deductibles ranging from 10 percent to 50 percent of the insured's risk. the usda's risk management agency (rma) sets the policy terms and conditions, rates and forms, and is also responsible for setting compliance standards. as a participant in the mpci program, we report all details of policies to the rma and are party to a standard reinsurance agreement (sra). the sra sets out the relationship between private insurance companies and the federal crop insurance corporation (fcic) concerning the terms and conditions regarding the risks each will bear including the pro-rata and state stop-loss provisions, which allows companies to limit the exposure of any one state or group of states on their underwriting results. in addition to the pro-rata and excess of loss reinsurance protections inherent in the sra, we purchase third-party proportional and stop-loss reinsurance for our mpci business to reduce our exposure. we may also enter into crop derivative contracts to further manage our risk exposure.
each year the rma issues a final sra for the subsequent reinsurance year (i.e., the 2024 sra covers the 2024 reinsurance year from july 1, 2023 through june 30, 2024). there were no significant changes in the terms and conditions from the 2023 sra and, therefore, the new sra does not impact chubb's outlook on the crop program relative to 2024.
we recognize net premiums written as soon as estimable on our mpci business, which is generally when we receive acreage reports from the policyholders on the various crops throughout the u.s. this allows us to best determine the premium associated with the liability that is being planted. the mpci program has specific timeframes as to when producers must report acreage to us, and in certain cases the reporting occurs after the close of the respective reinsurance year. once the net premium written has been recorded, the premium is then earned over the growing season for the crops. a majority of the crops that are covered in the program are typically subject to the sra in effect at the beginning of the year. given the major crops covered in the program, we typically see a substantial written and earned premium impact in the second and third quarters.
the pricing of mpci premium is determined using a number of factors including commodity prices and related volatility (i.e., both impact the amount of premium we can charge to the policyholder). for example, in most states, the pricing for the mpci revenue product for corn (i.e., insurance coverage for lower than expected crop revenue in a given season) includes a factor based on the average commodity price in february. if corn commodity prices are higher in february, compared to the february price in the prior year, and all other factors are the same, the increase in price will increase the corn premium year-over-year. pricing is also impacted by volatility factors, which measure the likelihood commodity prices will fluctuate over the crop year. for example, if volatility is set at a higher rate compared to the prior year, and all other factors are the same, the premium charged to the policyholder will be higher year-over-year for the same level of coverage.
losses incurred on the mpci business are determined using both commodity price and crop yield. with respect to commodity price, there are two important periods on a large portion of the business: the month of february when the initial premium base is set, and the month of october when the final harvest price is set. if the price declines from february to october, with yield remaining at normal levels, the policyholder may be eligible to recover on the policy. however, in most cases there are deductibles on these policies, therefore, the impact of a decline in price would have to exceed the deductible before a policyholder would be eligible to recover.
we evaluate our mpci business at an aggregate level and the combination of all of our insured crops (both winter and summer) go into our underwriting gain or loss estimate in any given year. typically, we do not have enough information on the harvest prices or crop yield outputs to quantify the preliminary estimated impact to our underwriting results until the fourth quarter.
our crop-hail program is a private offering. premium is earned on the crop-hail program over the coverage period of the policy. given the very short nature of the growing season, most crop-hail business is typically written in the second and third quarters and the recognition of earned premium is also more heavily concentrated during this timeframe. we use industry data to develop our own rates and forms for the coverage offered. the policy primarily protects farmers against yield reduction caused by hail and/or fire, and related costs such as transit to storage. we offer various deductibles to allow the grower to partially self-insure for a reduced premium cost. we limit our crop-hail exposures through the use of township liability limits and third-party reinsurance on our net retained hail business.
liquidity liquidity is a measure of a company's ability to generate cash flows sufficient to meet short-term and long-term cash requirements. as a holding company, chubb limited possesses assets that consist primarily of the stock of its subsidiaries and other investments. in addition to net investment income, chubb limited's cash flows depend primarily on dividends and other statutorily permissible payments. historically, dividends and other statutorily permitted payments have come primarily from chubb's bermuda-based operating subsidiaries, which we refer to as our bermuda subsidiaries. our consolidated sources of funds consist primarily of net premiums written, fees, net investment income, and proceeds from sales and maturities of investments. funds are used at our various companies primarily to pay claims, operating expenses, and dividends; to service debt; to purchase investments; and to fund acquisitions.
we anticipate that positive cash flows from operations (underwriting activities and investment income) should be sufficient to cover cash outflows under most loss scenarios for the near term. should the need arise, we generally have access to capital markets and available credit facilities. refer to "credit facilities" below for additional information. our access to funds under the existing credit facility is dependent on the ability of the bank that is a party to the facility to meet its funding commitments. should our existing credit provider experience financial difficulty, we may be required to replace credit sources, possibly in a difficult market. if we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. to date, we have not experienced difficulty accessing our credit facility or establishing additional facilities when needed.
to further ensure the sufficiency of funds to settle unforeseen claims, we hold certain invested assets in cash and short-term investments. in addition, for certain insurance, reinsurance, or deposit contracts that tend to have relatively large and reasonably predictable cash outflows, we attempt to establish dedicated portfolios of assets that are duration-matched with the related liabilities. with respect to the duration of our overall investment portfolio, we manage asset durations to both maximize return given current market conditions and provide sufficient liquidity to cover future loss payments. at december 31, 2023, the average duration of our fixed maturities, including the effect of futures, options, and swaps, (4.8 years) approximates the average expected duration of our p&c insurance liabilities (3.9 years).
despite our safeguards, if paid losses accelerate beyond our ability to fund such paid losses from current operating cash flows, we might need to either liquidate a portion of our investment portfolio or arrange for financing. potential events causing such a liquidity strain could include several significant catastrophes occurring in a relatively short period of time, large uncollectible reinsurance recoverables on paid losses (as a result of coverage disputes, reinsurers' credit problems, or decreases in the value of collateral supporting reinsurance recoverables) or increases in collateral postings under our variable annuity reinsurance business. because each subsidiary focuses on a more limited number of specific product lines than is collectively available from the chubb group of companies, the mix of business tends to be less diverse at the subsidiary level. as a result, the probability of a liquidity strain, as described above, may be greater for individual subsidiaries than when liquidity is assessed on a consolidated basis. if such a liquidity strain were to occur in a subsidiary, we could be required to liquidate a portion of our investments, potentially at distressed prices, as well as be required to contribute capital to the particular subsidiary and/or curtail dividends from the subsidiary to support holding company operations.
the payment of dividends or other statutorily permissible distributions from our operating companies are subject to the laws and regulations applicable to each jurisdiction, as well as the need to maintain capital levels adequate to support the insurance and reinsurance operations, including financial strength ratings issued by independent rating agencies. during 2023, we were able to meet all our obligations, including the payments of dividends on our common shares, with our net cash flows.
we assess which subsidiaries to draw dividends from based on a number of factors. considerations such as regulatory and legal restrictions as well as the subsidiary's financial condition are paramount to the dividend decision. chubb limited received dividends of $3.3 billion and $7.5 billion from its bermuda subsidiaries in 2023 and 2022, respectively. chubb limited received cash dividends of $28 million and $32 million and non-cash dividends of $291 million and $348 million from swiss subsidiaries in 2023 and 2022, respectively. chubb limited also received dividends of $134 million from its other international subsidiary in 2022.
the u.s. insurance subsidiaries of chubb ina holdings inc. (chubb ina) may pay dividends, without prior regulatory approval, subject to restrictions set out in state law of the subsidiary's domicile (or, if applicable, commercial domicile). chubb ina's international subsidiaries are also subject to insurance laws and regulations particular to the countries in which the subsidiaries operate. these laws and regulations sometimes include restrictions that limit the amount of dividends payable without prior approval of regulatory insurance authorities. chubb limited received no dividends from chubb ina in 2023 and 2022. debt issued by chubb ina is serviced by statutorily permissible distributions by chubb ina's insurance subsidiaries to chubb ina as well as other group resources. chubb ina received cash dividends of $2.4 billion and $2.0 billion and non-cash dividends of $170 million and nil from its subsidiaries in 2023 and 2022, respectively. at december 31, 2023, the amount of dividends available to be paid to chubb ina in 2024 from its subsidiaries without prior approval of insurance regulatory authorities totals $4.0 billion.
cash flows our insurance and reinsurance operations provide liquidity in that premiums are received in advance, sometimes substantially in advance, of the time claims are paid. generally, cash flows are affected by claim payments that, due to the nature of our operations, may comprise large loss payments on a limited number of claims and which can fluctuate significantly from period to period. the irregular timing of these loss payments can create significant variations in cash flows from operations between periods. for additional information regarding estimates of future claim payments over the next twelve months, refer to our discussion of cash requirements within "capital resources". sources of liquidity include cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements. the following is a discussion of our cash flows for 2023, 2022, and 2021.
operating cash flows reflect net income for each period, adjusted for non-cash items and changes in working capital. operating cash flows were $12.6 billion in 2023, compared to $11.3 billion and $11.2 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively. operating cash flow increased $1.3 billion in 2023 compared to 2022, due to higher net investment income and net premiums collected, partially offset by higher net losses paid and income taxes paid. in addition, there were net proceeds from sales of consolidated investment products (cip) from huatai's asset management companies of $450 million.
cash used for investing was $7.6 billion in 2023, compared to $5.7 billion and $6.7 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively. cash used for investing in the current year increased $1.9 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 due to higher net purchases of fixed maturities and equity securities of $7.5 billion, offset by a decrease in cash paid for acquisition of subsidiaries of $5.1 billion. in 2023, the incremental cash paid for the additional purchases of huatai, net of cash acquired, was immaterial given that there were cash deposits made in the prior years. in 2022, cash paid for acquisition of subsidiaries primarily included the purchase of cigna's business in asia of $5.0 billion, net of cash acquired.
cash used for financing was $4.5 billion in 2023, compared to $5.1 billion and $4.4 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively. the decrease of $653 million in 2023 compared to 2022 is primarily from lower long-term debt repayments of $525 million and lower common shares repurchased of $483 million. this decrease in cash used for financing was partially offset by net cip-related distributions to third-parties of $619 million. these cips are related to huatai's asset management companies. refer to note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on share repurchases.
both internal and external forces influence our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. claim settlements, premium levels, and investment returns may be impacted by changing rates of inflation and other economic conditions. in many cases, significant periods of time, ranging up to several years or more, may lapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the reporting of the loss to us, and the settlement of the liability for that loss.
we use repurchase agreements as a low-cost funding alternative. at december 31, 2023, there were $2.8 billion, including variable interest entities balances of $1.0 billion, in repurchase agreements outstanding with various maturities over the next five months.
in addition to cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements, we have agreements with a third-party bank provider which implemented two international multi-currency notional cash pooling programs to enhance cash management efficiency during periods of short-term timing mismatches between expected inflows and outflows of cash by currency. the programs allow us to optimize investment income by avoiding portfolio disruption. in each program, participating chubb entities establish deposit accounts in different currencies with the bank provider. each day the credit or debit balances in every account are notionally translated into a single currency (u.s. dollars) and then notionally pooled. the bank extends overdraft credit to all participating chubb entities as needed, provided that the overall notionally pooled balance of all accounts in each pool at the end of each day is at least zero. actual cash balances are not physically converted and are not commingled between legal entities. chubb entities may incur overdraft balances as a means to address short-term liquidity needs. any overdraft balances incurred under this program by a chubb entity would be guaranteed by chubb limited (up to $300 million in the aggregate). our syndicated letter of credit facility allows for same day drawings to fund a net pool overdraft should participating chubb entities withdraw contributed funds from the pool.
capital resources capital resources consist of funds deployed or available to be deployed to support our business operations.
trust preferred securities                                                                       308                              308
total chubb shareholders' equity                                                              59,507                           50,519
total capitalization                                                                         $74,310                          $65,704
ratio of financial debt to total capitalization                                                 19.5       %                     22.6       %
ratio of financial debt plus trust preferred securities to total capitalization                 19.9       %                     23.1       %
the ratios of financial debt to total capitalization in the table above are lower at december 31, 2023 compared to december 31, 2022 from the increase in shareholders' equity, principally reflecting strong net income and net unrealized appreciation on investments in the current year compared to net unrealized depreciation in 2022.
repurchase agreements are excluded from the table above and are disclosed separately from short-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets. the repurchase agreements are collateralized borrowings where we maintain the right and ability to redeem the collateral on short notice, unlike short-term debt which comprises the current maturities of our long-term debt instruments.
we believe our financial strength provides us with the flexibility and capacity to obtain available funds externally through debt or equity financing on both a short-term and long-term basis. our ability to access the capital markets is dependent on, among other things, market conditions and our perceived financial strength. we have accessed both the debt and equity markets from time to time. we generally maintain the ability to issue certain classes of debt and equity securities via an unlimited securities and exchange commission (sec) shelf registration which is renewed every three years. this allows us capital market access for refinancing as well as for unforeseen or opportunistic capital needs. we also have a shelf registration statement which allows us to issue an unlimited amount of certain classes of debt and equity from time to time. this shelf registration statement expires in october 2024.
securities repurchases from time to time, we repurchase shares as part of our capital management program. on july 19, 2021, the board authorized a one-time incremental share repurchase program of up to $5.0 billion of chubb common shares effective through june 30, 2022. in may 2022, the board authorized the repurchase of up to $2.5 billion of chubb common shares effective through june 30, 2023. in june 2023, the board authorized the repurchase of up to $5.0 billion of chubb's common shares effective july 1, 2023 with no expiration date.
as of december 31, 2023, there were 26,181,949 common shares in treasury with a weighted-average cost of $168.05 per share.
at our may 2023 annual general meeting, our shareholders approved an annual dividend for the following year of up to $3.44 per share, expected to be paid in four quarterly installments of $0.86 per share after the annual general meeting by way of distribution from capital contribution reserves, transferred to free reserves for payment. the board will determine the record and payment dates at which the annual dividend may be paid until the date of the 2024 annual general meeting, and is authorized to abstain from distributing a dividend at its discretion. the first three quarterly installments each of $0.86 per share, have been distributed by the board as expected.
at our may 2022 annual general meeting, our shareholders approved an annual dividend for the following year of up to $3.32 per share, which was paid in four quarterly installments of $0.83 per share at dates determined by the board after the annual general meeting by way of distribution from capital contribution reserves, transferred to free reserves for payment.
dividend distributions on common shares amounted to chf 3.05 ($3.41) per share for the year ended december 31, 2023. refer to note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our dividends.
cash requirements our cash requirements within the next twelve months include claims payable to claimants and other routine obligations typical to our business. we also have commitments related to our limited partnerships as well as for the incremental ownership interests in huatai group. we expect the cash required to meet these obligations to be primarily generated through a combination of cash on hand, cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements. we believe these sources will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for at least the next twelve months, while maintaining sufficient liquidity for normal operating purposes. we believe our financial strength provides us with the flexibility and capacity to obtain available funds externally through debt or equity financing on both a short-term and long-term basis, if necessary. at december 31, 2023, our long-term cash requirements under our various contractual obligations and commitments include:
•gross loss payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts - we are obligated to pay claims under insurance and reinsurance contracts for specified loss events covered under those contracts. total cash requirements are not determinable from underlying contracts and must be estimated. gross loss payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts are estimated at $80.2 billion with $22.4 billion estimated due over the next twelve months. these estimated gross loss payments are inherently uncertain and the amount and timing of actual loss payments are likely to differ from these estimates and the differences could be material. given the numerous factors and assumptions involved in both estimates of loss reserves and related estimates as to the timing of future loss payments, differences between actual and estimated loss payments will not necessarily indicate a commensurate change in ultimate loss estimates. refer to note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•estimated payments for future policy benefits and market risk benefits - total estimated payments for future policy benefits and market risk benefits are estimated at $56.0 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, with a total $2.9 billion estimated due over the next twelve months. these estimated payments, which are not determinable from the contracts, are gross of fees or premiums from the underlying contracts. these estimated payments are higher than the future policy benefits reserves and mrb liability presented on our consolidated balance sheets which are discounted and are reflected net of fees and premiums due from the underlying contracts. the timing and amount of actual payments may vary from the estimates. refer to note 1 l) and note 9 for additional information on future policy benefits, and note 1 m) and note 11 for additional information on market risk benefits.
•short-term and long-term debt, trust preferred securities, and related interest payments - total obligations for short-term and long-term debt and trust preferred securities maturities are $14.6 billion with $1.5 billion due over the next twelve months. interest payments related to these obligations total $6.1 billion with $0.5 billion due over the next twelve months. these estimates are based on current exchange rates. refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•commitments on invested assets - total obligations for commitments related to our invested assets are $7.2 billion with $2.1 billion due over the next twelve months. refer to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•pending acquisition - cash requirements for pending incremental shares in huatai group are approximately $245 million, based on current exchange rates, expected to be paid in the first quarter of 2024. the timing of completion is contingent upon important conditions. refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•deposit liabilities - total obligations for deposit liabilities, including contract holder deposit funds, are $13.5 billion with $827 million due over the next twelve months. refer to note 1 o) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•repurchase agreements - we use repurchase agreements as a low-cost funding alternative. at december 31, 2023, there were $2.8 billion in repurchase agreements outstanding with various maturities over the next five months. refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•operating leases - total obligations for operating leases are $1.2 billion with $166 million estimated due over the next twelve months. refer to note 14 j) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. as of december 31, 2023, we entered into a separate lease for office space that is not yet recorded on our consolidated balance sheets and is not included in the total obligations referenced above. the lease is expected to commence in december 2024 with an initial term of approximately 23 years. total cash requirements are estimated at approximately $621 million over the term of the lease.
ratings chubb limited and its subsidiaries are assigned credit and financial strength (insurance) ratings from internationally recognized rating agencies, including s&p, a.m. best, moody's, and fitch. the ratings issued on our companies by these agencies are announced publicly and are available directly from the agencies. our internet site (investors.chubb.com, under financials/financial strength rating) also contains some information about our ratings, but such information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report.
financial strength ratings reflect the rating agencies' opinions of a company's claims paying ability. independent ratings are one of the important factors that establish our competitive position in the insurance markets. the rating agencies consider many factors in determining the financial strength rating of an insurance company, including the relative level of statutory surplus necessary to support the business operations of the company. these ratings are based upon factors relevant to policyholders, agents, and intermediaries and are not directed toward the protection of investors. such ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities.
credit ratings assess a company's ability to make timely payments of principal and interest on its debt. it is possible that, in the future, one or more of the rating agencies may reduce our existing ratings. if one or more of our ratings were downgraded, we could incur higher borrowing costs, and our ability to access the capital markets could be impacted. in addition, our insurance and reinsurance operations could be adversely impacted by a downgrade in our financial strength ratings, including a possible reduction in demand for our products in certain markets. also, we have insurance and reinsurance contracts which contain rating triggers. in the event the s&p or a.m. best financial strength ratings of chubb fall, we may be faced with the cancellation of premium or be required to post collateral on our underlying obligation associated with this premium.
information provided in connection with outstanding debt of subsidiaries chubb ina holdings inc. (subsidiary issuer) is an indirect 100 percent-owned and consolidated subsidiary of chubb limited (parent guarantor). the parent guarantor fully and unconditionally guarantees certain of the debt of the subsidiary issuer.
the following table presents the condensed balance sheets of chubb limited and chubb ina holdings inc., after elimination of investment in any non-guarantor subsidiary:
chubb limited                                                 chubb ina holdings inc.
liabilities due to parent guarantor/subsidiary issuer                                 $-                                   $586                             $441                                     $2
trust preferred securities                                                 -                                      -                              308                                    308
other liabilities                                                        657                                    616                            1,496                                  1,305
total liabilities                                                      1,514                                  1,702                           17,788                                 19,698
total shareholders' equity                                             (445)                                    147                         (14,326)                               (16,271)
total liabilities and shareholders' equity                            $1,069                                 $1,849                           $3,462                                 $3,427
the following table presents the condensed statements of operations and comprehensive income of chubb limited and chubb ina holdings inc., excluding equity in earnings from non-guarantor subsidiaries:
year ended december 31, 2023        chubb limited                           chubb ina holdings inc.
income tax benefit                  (56)                                            (150)
credit facilities as our bermuda subsidiaries are non-admitted insurers and reinsurers in the u.s., the terms of certain u.s. insurance and reinsurance contracts require them to provide collateral, which can be in the form of letters of credit (locs). locs may also be used for general corporate purposes.
should the need arise, we generally have access to capital markets and to credit facilities. in october 2022, we consolidated three syndicated facilities into a new group syndicated credit facility with increased capacity expiring in october 2027. our letter of credit capacity for the new and existing facilities is $4.0 billion, $3.0 billion of which can be used for revolving credit. at december 31, 2023, our usage under these facilities was $948 million in locs. our access to credit under these facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are a party to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. should the existing credit providers on these facilities experience financial difficulty, we may be required to replace credit sources, possibly in a difficult market. if we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. to date, we have not experienced difficulty accessing our credit facilities or establishing additional facilities when needed.
in the event we are required to provide alternative security to clients, the security could take the form of additional insurance trusts supported by our investment portfolio or funds withheld using our cash resources. the value of locs required is driven by, among other things, statutory liabilities reported by variable annuity guarantee reinsurance clients, loss development of existing reserves, the payment pattern of such reserves, the expansion of business, and loss experience of such business.
the facilities noted above require that we maintain certain financial covenants, all of which have been met at december 31, 2023. these covenants include:
(ii)a ratio of consolidated debt to total capitalization of not greater than 0.35 to 1.
at december 31, 2023, (a) the minimum consolidated net worth requirement under the covenant described in (i) above was $41.959 billion and our actual consolidated net worth, excluding noncontrolling interest, as calculated under that covenant was $66.3 billion and (b) our ratio of debt to total capitalization, as calculated under the covenant which excludes the fair value adjustment of debt acquired through the chubb corp acquisition and noncontrolling interest, was 0.19 to 1, which is below the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 0.35 to 1 as described in (ii) above.
our failure to comply with the covenants under any credit facility would, subject to grace periods in the case of certain covenants, result in an event of default. this could require us to repay any outstanding borrowings or to cash collateralize locs under such facility. our failure to repay material financial obligations, as well as our failure with respect to certain other events expressly identified, would result in an event of default under the facility.