item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in condition, significance, value, and effect. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those discussed in "risk factors" and elsewhere in this 2023 form 10-k and other documents we file from time to time with the securities and exchange commission. (see "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements" in part i of this 2023 form 10-k.)
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") provides a description of our results of operations and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this 2023 form 10-k. md&a consists of the following sections:
critical accounting policies and estimates discusses accounting policies that reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources provides an analysis of cash flows, contractual obligations, and financial position.
executive summary lam research corporation is a global supplier of innovative wafer fabrication equipment and services to the semiconductor industry. we have built a strong global presence with core competencies in areas like nanoscale applications enablement, chemistry, plasma and fluidics, advanced systems engineering and a broad range of operational disciplines. our products and services are designed to help our customers build smaller, and better performing devices that are used in a variety of electronic products, including mobile phones, personal computers, servers, wearables, automotive vehicles, and data storage devices.
our customer base includes leading semiconductor memory, foundry, and integrated device manufacturers that make products such as nvm, dram, and logic devices. their continued success is part of our commitment to driving semiconductor breakthroughs that define the next generation. our core technical competency is integrating hardware, process, materials, software, and process control enabling results on the wafer.
semiconductor manufacturing, our customers' business, involves the complete fabrication of multiple dies or integrated circuits on a wafer. this involves the repetition of a set of core processes and can require hundreds of individual steps. fabricating these devices requires highly sophisticated process technologies to integrate an increasing array of new materials with precise control at the atomic scale. along with meeting technical requirements, wafer processing equipment must deliver high productivity and be cost-effective.
demand from cloud computing, 5g, the internet of things, and other markets is driving the need for increasingly powerful and cost-efficient semiconductors. at the same time, there are growing technical challenges with traditional two-dimensional scaling. these trends are driving significant inflections in semiconductor manufacturing, such as the increasing importance of vertical scaling strategies like three-dimensional architecture as well as multiple patterning to enable shrinks.
we believe we are in a strong position with our leadership and expertise in deposition, etch, and clean to facilitate some of the most significant innovations in semiconductor device manufacturing. our customer support business group provides products and services to maximize installed equipment performance, predictability and operational efficiency. several factors create opportunity for sustainable differentiation for us: (i) our focus on research and development, with several on-going programs relating to sustaining engineering, product and process development, and concept and feasibility; (ii) our ability to effectively leverage cycles of learning from our broad installed base; (iii) our collaborative focus with semi-ecosystem partners; (iv) our ability to identify and invest in the breadth of our product portfolio to meet technology inflections; and (v) our focus on delivering our multi-product solutions with a goal to enhance the value of lam's solutions to our customers.
during fiscal year 2023, customer demand weakened in the second half of the year due to wafer fabrication equipment spending reductions resulting primarily from incremental demand weakness in memory. in addition, the u.s. government's restrictions on sales of equipment, parts, and service for specific technologies and customers in china further impacted equipment demand in the year. while we did experience supply chain constraints in the first half of fiscal year 2023, there were improvements and we were able to fulfill shipments of nearly all our outstanding back order systems in the second half of the year. as a result of the expected reduced business levels, we initiated a restructuring plan in the quarter-ended march 26, 2023 designed to better align the company's cost structure with our outlook. we incurred a charge for the workforce actions associated with the restructuring plan of approximately $107 million in fiscal year 2023. over the course of calendar year 2023, we are projecting expenditures in the range of $250 million lam research corporation 2023 10-k associated with various business process improvements and initiatives, inclusive of the fiscal year 2023 restructuring activity. risks and uncertainties related to trade restrictions, supply chain challenges, and inflationary pressures may continue to negatively impact our revenue and gross margin. over the longer term, we believe that secular demand for semiconductors combined with technology inflections in our industry, including 3d device scaling, multiple patterning, process flow, and advanced packaging chip integration, will drive sustainable growth and lead to an increase in the served available market for our products and services in the deposition, etch, and clean businesses.
fiscal year 2023 revenue was slightly higher than fiscal year 2022. customer support-related revenue increased in fiscal year 2023 due to continued strength in specialty node investments, which was offset by a decline in our systems revenue as a result of semiconductor demand weakness, largely in the memory market. gross margin as a percentage of revenue decreased due to inflationary cost pressures that led to higher spending on material costs, as well as costs associated with restructuring related activities, partially offset by favorable customer and product mix. the increase in operating expenses in fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022 was driven by higher deferred compensation plan-related costs, restructuring-related charges, employee-related costs as a result of increased headcount, depreciation and amortization, and supplies, partially offset by a decrease in amortization of intangible assets as the intangible assets associated with the acquisition of novellus have fully amortized.
fiscal year 2022 revenue increased over 17% compared to fiscal year 2021, reflecting continued strong customer demand for semiconductor equipment. gross margin as a percentage of revenue decreased due to inflationary cost pressures that led to higher spending on material costs, freight and logistics, and labor-related expenses, as well as unfavorable customer and product mix, partially offset by decreased variable compensation. the increase in operating expenses in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 was mainly driven by higher employee-related costs as a result of increased headcount, supplies expense, rent, repair and utilities expense, and outside services spending, partially offset by lower deferred compensation plan-related costs.
we aim to balance the requirements of our customers with the availability of resources, as well as performance to our operational and financial objectives. as a result, from time to time, we exercise discretion and judgment as to the timing and prioritization of manufacturing and deliveries of products, which has impacted, including in the current fiscal year, and may in the future impact, the timing of revenue recognition with respect to such products.
our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and restricted cash and investments balances totaled approximately $5.6 billion as of june 25, 2023, compared to $3.9 billion as of june 26, 2022. cash flows provided from operating activities was $5.2 billion for fiscal year 2023 compared to $3.1 billion for fiscal year 2022. cash flows provided from operating activities in fiscal year 2023 was primarily used for $2.0 billion in treasury stock purchases, including net share settlement on employee stock-based compensation; $908 million in dividends paid to our stockholders; and $502 million of capital expenditures.
united states                         9   %                          8   %                          6   %
lam research corporation 2023 10-k revenue increased in fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022 mainly due to higher revenue from csbg related to strength in mature node equipment. revenue increased in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 primarily due to the increased investment by our customers in semiconductor capital equipment as well as from csbg for spares, services, upgrades and mature node equipment. while the overall asia region continued to account for a majority of our revenues, the u.s. and europe regions increased in each of fiscal years 2023 and 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year as these regions prioritized domestic capacity investments for semiconductor manufacturing.
the deferred revenue balance was $1.8 billion as of june 25, 2023 compared to $2.2 billion as of june 26, 2022. advance deposit additions from newer customers increased in fiscal year 2023, compared to fiscal year 2022, offsetting the decline in deferred balances related to shipments we completed of tools that had critical parts outstanding.
please refer to note 4: revenue of our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this 2023 form 10-k for additional information regarding the composition of the two categories into which revenue has been disaggregated.
we continued to make significant r&d investments focused on leading-edge deposition, etch, clean, and other semiconductor manufacturing processes. the increase in r&d expense during fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022 was primarily driven by lam research corporation 2023 10-k an increase of $43 million in employee-related costs as a result of increased headcount, $26 million in deferred compensation plan-related costs, $22 million in spending for supplies, and $14 million of depreciation and amortization.
the decrease in sg&a expense during fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022 was primarily driven by a decrease of $44 million in amortization of intangible assets, as the intangible assets associated with the acquisition of novellus have fully amortized, as well as from $12 million in lower employee-related costs, partially offset by $17 million in higher deferred compensation plan-related costs.
the increase in sg&a expense during fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 was primarily driven by an increase of $28 million in outside service costs, $28 million in spending for rent, repair and utilities, and $26 million in employee-related costs due in part to increased headcount, partially offset by a decrease of $29 million in deferred compensation plan-related costs.
in fiscal year 2023, we initiated a restructuring plan designed to better align our cost structure with our outlook for the economic environment and business opportunities. under the plan we terminated approximately 1,650 employees, incurring expenses related to employee severance and separation costs. employee severance and separation costs primarily relate to severance, non-cash severance, including equity award compensation expense, pension and other termination benefits. additionally, we made a strategic decision to relocate certain manufacturing activities to pre-existing facilities and incurred costs to move inventory and equipment and exit selected supplier arrangements.
during fiscal year 2023 net restructuring costs of $78 million and $42 million were recorded in restructuring charges, net - cost of goods sold, and restructuring charges, net - operating expenses, respectively of our consolidated financial statements. please refer to note 22: restructuring charges, net of our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this 2023 form 10-k for additional information.
the variation in other, net for the fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal years 2022 and 2021 was primarily driven by fluctuations in the fair market value of equity investments.
international revenues account for a significant portion of our total revenues, such that a material portion of our pre-tax income is earned and taxed outside the united states. international pre-tax income is taxable in the united states at a lower effective tax rate than the federal statutory tax rate. please refer to note 7 of our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this 2023 form 10-k.
beginning in our fiscal year 2023, a provision enacted as part of the 2017 tax cuts & jobs act requires us to capitalize research and experimental expenditures for tax purposes. due to this provision, we expect our cash tax payments to increase significantly in the near term and stabilize in future years as the capitalized expenditures continue to amortize.
on august 16, 2022, the ira was signed into law. in general, the provisions of the ira will be effective beginning with our fiscal year 2024, with certain exceptions. the ira includes a new 15% corporate minimum tax. the impact on income taxes due to changes in legislation is required under the authoritative guidance of accounting standard codification ("asc") 740, income taxes, to be recognized in the period in which the law is enacted. we have evaluated the potential impacts of the ira and do not expect it to have a material impact on our effective tax rate. however, we expect future guidance from the treasury department and will further analyze when the guidance is issued.
lam research corporation 2023 10-k deferred income taxes deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, as well as the tax effect of carryforwards. our gross deferred tax assets were $1,303 million and $1,103 million at the end of fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. these gross deferred tax assets were offset by gross deferred tax liabilities of $238 million and $234 million and a valuation allowance primarily representing our entire california deferred tax asset balance due to the single sales factor apportionment resulting in lower taxable income in california of $352 million and $309 million at the end of fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. the change in gross deferred tax assets, gross deferred tax liabilities, and valuation allowance between fiscal year 2023 and 2022 is primarily due to increases in gross deferred tax assets for outside basis differences of foreign subsidiaries, tax credits, and capitalized research and experimental expenditures.
uncertain tax positions we re-evaluate uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. this evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit, and new audit activity. any change in recognition or measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision.
critical accounting policies and estimates a critical accounting policy is defined as one that has both a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations and requires us to make difficult, complex and/or subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires management to make certain judgments, estimates and assumptions that could affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. we base our estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on various other assumptions we believe to be applicable and evaluate them on an ongoing basis to ensure they remain reasonable under current conditions. actual results could differ significantly from those estimates, which could have a material impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. our critical accounting estimates include:
•the recognition and valuation of revenue from arrangements with multiple performance obligations which impacts revenue;
•the recognition and measurement of current and deferred income taxes, including the measurement of uncertain tax positions, which impact our provision for income tax expenses; and
•the valuation and recoverability of long-lived assets, which impacts gross margin and operating expenses when we record asset impairments or accelerate their depreciation or amortization.
we believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements regarding the critical accounting estimates indicated above. see note 2: summary of significant accounting policies of our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this 2023 form 10-k for additional information regarding our accounting policies.
revenue recognition: we recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services by following a five-step process, (1) identify the contract with a customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognize revenue when or as we satisfy a performance obligation, as further described below.
identify the contract with a customer. we generally consider documentation of terms with an approved purchase order as a customer contract, provided that collection is considered probable, which is assessed based on the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks, payment histories, and/or other circumstances.
identify the performance obligations in the contract. performance obligations include sales of systems, spare parts, and services. in addition, our customer contracts contain provisions for installation and training services which have been deemed immaterial in the context of the contract.
determine the transaction price. the transaction price for our contracts with customers consists of both fixed and variable consideration provided it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not occur when the uncertainty related to variable consideration is resolved. fixed consideration includes amounts to be contractually billed to the customer while variable consideration includes estimates for discounts and credits for future usage which are based on contractual terms outlined in volume purchase agreements and other factors known at the time. we generally invoice customers at shipment and for professional services either as lam research corporation 2023 10-k provided or upon meeting certain milestones. customer invoices are generally due within 30 to 90 days after issuance. our contracts with customers typically do not include significant financing components as the period between the transfer of performance obligations and timing of payment are generally within one year.
allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract. for contracts that contain multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract on a relative standalone selling price basis. standalone selling prices are based on multiple factors including, but not limited to historical discounting trends for products and services and pricing practices in different geographies.
inventory valuation: our policy is to assess the valuation of all inventories including manufacturing raw materials, work-in-process, finished goods, and spare parts in each reporting period. obsolete inventory or inventory in excess of management's estimated usage requirement is written down to its estimated net realizable value if less than cost. estimates of market value include but are not limited to management's forecasts related to our future manufacturing schedules, customer demand, technological and/or market obsolescence, general semiconductor market conditions, and possible alternative uses. if future customer demand or market conditions are less favorable than our projections, additional inventory write-downs may be required and would be reflected in cost of goods sold in the period in which the revision is made.
warranty: we record a provision for estimated warranty expenses to cost of sales for each system when we recognize revenue. we periodically monitor the performance and cost of warranty activities, if actual costs incurred are different than our estimates, we may recognize adjustments to provisions in the period in which those differences arise or are identified. we do not maintain general or unspecified reserves; all warranty reserves are related to specific systems.
income taxes: deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, as well as the tax effect of carryforwards. we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. realization of our net deferred tax assets is dependent on future taxable income. we believe it is more likely than not that such assets will be realized; however, ultimate realization could be negatively impacted by market conditions and other variables not known or anticipated at this time. in the event that we determine that we will not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets, an adjustment will be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. likewise, if we later determine that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized, then the previously provided valuation allowance will be reversed.
we recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon audit based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. our policy is to include interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense.
long-lived assets: we review goodwill at least annually for impairment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and if certain events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment tests. the process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill requires significant judgment. when reviewing goodwill for impairment, we first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. in performing a qualitative assessment, we consider business conditions and other factors including, but not limited to (i) adverse industry or economic trends, (ii) restructuring actions and lower projections that may impact future operating results, (iii) sustained decline in share price, and (iv) overall financial performance and other events affecting the reporting units. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then a quantitative impairment test is performed by estimating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing it to its carrying value, including goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
we determine the fair value of our reporting units by using an income approach. under the income approach, we determine fair value based on estimated future cash flows of each reporting unit, discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of a reporting unit and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn.
in estimating the fair value of a reporting unit, we make estimates and judgments about the future cash flows of our reporting units, including estimated growth rates and assumptions about the economic environment. although our cash flow forecasts are based on assumptions that are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses, there is significant judgment involved in determining the cash flows attributable to a reporting unit. in addition, we make certain judgments about allocating shared assets to the estimated balance sheets of our reporting units. changes in judgment on these assumptions and estimates could result in a goodwill impairment charge.
if after completing the quantitative assessment the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we would record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit over its fair value, up to the amount of the goodwill assigned to the reporting unit.
lam research corporation 2023 10-k for other long-lived assets, we review them whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. if such indicators are present, we determine whether the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows attributable to the assets is less than their carrying value. if the sum is less, we recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount of the assets over their respective fair values. fair value is determined by discounted future cash flows, appraisals or other methods. we recognize an impairment charge to the extent the present value of anticipated net cash flows attributable to the asset is less than the asset's carrying value. the fair value of the asset then becomes the asset's new carrying value, which we depreciate over the remaining estimated useful life of the asset. assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value. in addition, for fully amortized intangible assets, we de-recognize the gross cost and accumulated amortization in the period we determine the intangible asset no longer enhances future cash flows.
recent accounting pronouncements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements, see note 3: recent accounting pronouncements of our consolidated financial statements, included in part ii, item 8 of this 2023 form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources total gross cash, cash equivalents, investments, and restricted cash and investments balances were $5.6 billion at the end of fiscal year 2023 compared to $3.9 billion at the end of fiscal year 2022. this increase was primarily due to cash provided by operating activities, partially offset by common stock repurchases in connection with our stock repurchase program, dividends paid, and capital expenditures.
cash flow from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities of $5.2 billion during fiscal year 2023 consisted of (in thousands):
equity-based compensation expense                              286,600
changes in operating asset and liability accounts              158,738
significant changes in operating asset and liability accounts, net of foreign exchange impact, included the following sources of cash: decreases in accounts receivable of $1.5 billion, deferred profit of $163 million, and prepaid expenses and other assets of $136 million; partially offset by the following uses of cash: increase in inventories of $962 million, and decreases in accounts payable of $522 million, and accrued expenses and other liabilities of $109 million.
cash flow from investing activities net cash used for investing activities during fiscal year 2023 was $535 million, primarily consisting of $502 million in capital expenditures and $120 million net cash disbursed for business acquisitions, partially offset by proceeds from sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities of $98 million.
cash flow from financing activities net cash used for financing activities during fiscal year 2023 was $2.8 billion, primarily consisting of $2.0 billion in common stock repurchases, including net share settlement on employee stock-based compensation; and $908 million of dividends paid; partially offset by $121 million of stock issuance and treasury stock reissuances associated with our employee stock-based compensation plans.
liquidity given that the semiconductor industry is highly competitive and has historically experienced rapid changes in demand, we believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in r&d and capital infrastructure. anticipated cash flows from operations based on our current business outlook, combined with our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments as of june 25, 2023, are expected to be sufficient to support our anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, capital expenditures, capital redistributions, and dividends through at least the next twelve months. however, factors outside of our control, including uncertainty in the global economy and the semiconductor industry, as well as disruptions in credit markets, have in the past, are currently, and could in the future, impact customer demand for our products, as well as our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors.
lam research corporation 2023 10-k in the longer term, liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. while we have substantial cash balances, we may require additional funding and need or choose to raise the required funds through borrowings or public or private sales of debt or equity securities. we believe that, if necessary, we will be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives. however, domestic and global macroeconomic and political conditions could cause disruptions to the capital markets and otherwise make any financing more challenging, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations we have certain obligations to make future payments under various contracts, some of which are recorded on our balance sheet and some of which are not. certain obligations that are recorded on our balance sheet in accordance with gaap include our long-term debt, operating leases and finance leases; refer to notes  and  of our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this 2023 form 10-k for further discussion. our off-balance sheet arrangements and our transition tax liability are presented as purchase obligations, refer to note 17 of our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this 2023 form 10-k for further discussion.