item 1a.  risk factors business and strategic risks the covid-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and continues to pose risks to, certain elements of our business, results of operations and financial condition, the nature and extent of which are highly uncertain and unpredictable.
our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics such as covid-19. the global spread of covid-19 had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our operations, sales and delivery and supply chains. many countries including the united states implemented measures such as quarantine, shelter-in-place, curfew, travel and activity restrictions and similar isolation measures, including government orders and other restrictions on the conduct of business operations. due to these measures we experienced significant and unpredictable reductions or increases in demand for certain of our products. moreover, these measures caused delays in installations and significantly impacted our ability to service our customers on site. the covid-19 pandemic also impacted our supply chain as we experienced disruptions or delays in shipments of certain materials or components of our products. while many of our customers have returned to work and economic activity continues to ramp up, we are unable to accurately predict the full extent and duration of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business and operations due to numerous uncertainties, including the duration and severity of the pandemic, the efficacy and distribution of vaccines and containment measures. as covid-19 conditions improved, there have been increases in demand for certain of our products, which posed challenges to our supply chain. if there are supply shortages or delays and we are not able to meet increasing product demand, our results would be adversely affected.
additionally, the covid-19 pandemic caused significant volatility in u.s. and international markets. the impact of the pandemic may increase the possibility of uncertainty in the global financial markets, high inflation and extended economic downturn, which could reduce our ability to incur debt or access capital and impact our results and financial condition even after local conditions improve. there are no assurances that the credit markets or the capital markets will be available to us in the future or that the lenders participating in our credit facilities will be able to provide financing in accordance with their contractual obligations.
to the extent covid-19 conditions improve, the duration and sustainability of any such improvements will be uncertain and continuing adverse impacts and/or the degree of improvement may vary dramatically by geography and by business. the actions we take in response to any improvements in conditions, such as our return-to-office plans, may also vary widely by geography and by business and will likely be made with incomplete information; pose the risk that such actions may prove to be premature, incorrect or insufficient; and could have a material, adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
u.s. president biden has issued an executive order requiring federal employees and covered contractors to be vaccinated against covid-19. additionally, on november 4, 2021, the u.s. department of labor's occupational safety and health administration (osha) issued a covid-19 vaccination and testing emergency temporary standard requiring all employers with 100 or more employees to ensure that their employees are fully vaccinated or tested for covid-19 on at least a weekly basis. notwithstanding legal and timing uncertainties relating to these regulations, we have implemented requirements regarding mandatory vaccines for u.s. based covered employees, subject to approved exemptions. additional vaccine and testing mandates may be announced in other jurisdictions in which we operate our business. while it is not currently possible to predict with any certainty the exact impact the new regulations would have on us, our suppliers and our customers, the implementation of such government mandated vaccination or testing mandates may impact our ability to retain current employees and attract new employees and result in labor disruptions. further, implementation could also have similar consequences for our subcontractors, which may impact their ability to deliver the goods and services we need from them.
our operating results and financial condition could be harmed if the markets into which we sell our products decline or do not grow as anticipated.
visibility into our markets is limited. our quarterly sales and operating results are highly dependent on the volume and timing of orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast and may be cancelled by our customers. in addition, our revenue and earnings forecasts for future fiscal quarters are often based on the expected seasonality of our markets. however, the markets we serve do not always experience the seasonality that we expect as customer spending policies and budget allocations, particularly for capital items, may change. any decline in our customers' markets or in general economic conditions would likely result in a reduction in demand for our products and services. also, if our customers' markets decline, we may not be able to collect on outstanding amounts due to us. such declines could harm our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price, and could limit our profitability. also, in such an environment, pricing pressures could intensify. since a significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to sales, research and development and manufacturing costs, if we were unable to respond quickly enough these pricing pressures could further reduce our operating margins.
if we do not introduce successful new products and services in a timely manner to address increased competition through frequent new product and service introductions, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards, our products and services may become obsolete, and our operating results may suffer.
we generally sell our products in industries that are characterized by increased competition through frequent new product and service introductions, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards. without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services may become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results could suffer. the success of our new products and services will depend on several factors, including our ability to:
•properly identify customer needs and predict future needs;
•innovate and develop new technologies, services and applications;
•appropriately allocate our research and development spending to products and services with higher growth prospects;
•successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner;
•manufacture and deliver new products in sufficient volumes and on time;
•differentiate our offerings from our competitors' offerings;
•price our products competitively;
•anticipate our competitors' development of new products, services or technological innovations; and
•control product quality in our manufacturing process.
in addition, if we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue, which would adversely affect our profitability. even if we successfully innovate and develop new and enhanced products and services, we may incur substantial costs in doing so, and our operating results may suffer. in addition, promising new products may fail to reach the market or realize only limited commercial success because of real or perceived concerns of our customers. furthermore, as we collaborate with pharmaceutical customers to develop drugs such as companion diagnostics assays or provide drug components like active pharmaceutical ingredients, we face risks that those drug programs may be cancelled upon clinical trial failures.
general economic conditions may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
our business is sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions, both inside and outside the united states. slower global economic growth and uncertainty in the markets in which we operate may adversely impact our business resulting in:
•reduced demand for our products, delays in the shipment of orders, or increases in order cancellations;
•increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories;
•increased price pressure for our products and services; and
•greater risk of impairment to the value, and a detriment to the liquidity, of our investment portfolio.
failure to adjust our purchases due to changing market conditions or failure to accurately estimate our customers' demand could adversely affect our income.
our income could be harmed if we are unable to adjust our purchases to reflect market fluctuations, including those caused by the seasonal nature of the markets in which we operate. the sale of our products and services are dependent, to a large degree, on customers whose industries are subject to seasonal trends in the demand for their products. during a market upturn, we may not be able to purchase sufficient supplies or components to meet increasing product demand, which could materially affect our results. in the past, we have experienced a shortage of parts for some of our products. in addition, some of the parts that require custom design are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for design work. should a supplier cease manufacturing such a component, we would be forced to reengineer our product. in addition to discontinuing parts, suppliers may also extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. in order to secure components for the production of products, we may continue to enter into non-cancelable purchase commitments with vendors, or at times make advance payments to suppliers, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to declining market demands. if demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional expenses.
demand for some of our products and services depends on the capital spending policies of our customers, research and development budgets and on government funding policies.
our customers include pharmaceutical companies, laboratories, universities, healthcare providers, government agencies and public and private research institutions. many factors, including public policy spending priorities, available resources, mergers and consolidations, institutional and governmental budgetary policies and spending priorities, and product and economic cycles, have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of these entities. fluctuations in the research and development budgets at these organizations could have a significant effect on the demand for our products and services. research and development budgets fluctuate due to changes in available resources, consolidation, spending priorities, general economic conditions and institutional and governmental budgetary policies. the timing and amount of revenue from customers that rely on government funding or research may vary significantly due to factors that can be difficult to forecast, including changes in spending authorizations and budgetary priorities for our products and services. if demand for our products and services is adversely affected, our revenue and operating results would suffer.
our business will suffer if we are not able to retain and hire key personnel.
our future success depends partly on the continued service of our key research, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing, executive and administrative personnel. if we fail to retain and hire a sufficient number of these personnel, we will not be able to maintain or expand our business. the markets in which we operate are very dynamic, and our businesses continue to respond with reorganizations, workforce reductions and site closures. we believe our pay levels are very competitive within the regions that we operate. however, there is intense competition for certain highly technical specialties in geographic areas where we continue to recruit, and it may become more difficult to hire and retain our key employees.
economic, political, foreign currency and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations.
because we sell our products worldwide, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. we anticipate that revenue from international operations will continue to represent a majority of our total revenue. international revenue and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results when translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. foreign currency movements for the year ended october 31, 2021 had an overall favorable impact on revenue of approximately 2 percentage points when compared to the same period last year. when movements in foreign currency exchange rates have a positive impact on revenue, they will also have a negative impact by increasing our costs and expenses. in addition, many of our employees, contract manufacturers, suppliers, job functions, outsourcing activities and manufacturing facilities are located outside the united states. accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including:
•interruption to transportation flows for delivery of parts to us and finished goods to our customers;
•changes in a specific country's or region's political, economic or other conditions;
•changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, as well as, new tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, new or different customs duties, trade embargoes and sanctions and other trade barriers;
•tariffs imposed by the u.s. on goods from other countries and tariffs imposed by other countries on u.s. goods, including the tariffs enacted by the u.s. government on various imports from china and by the chinese government on certain u.s. goods;
•negative consequences from changes in or differing interpretations of laws and regulations, including those related to tax and import/export;
•difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations;
•differing labor regulations;
•differing protection of intellectual property;
•unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;
•geopolitical uncertainty or turmoil, terrorism and war; and
•impact of public health crises, including pandemics and epidemics, such as covid-19 on the global economy.
we sell our products into many countries and we also source many components and materials for our products from and manufacture our products in various countries. future tariffs and tariffs already implemented could have negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. it may be time-consuming and expensive for us to alter our business operations in order to adapt to any such change. further, additional tariffs, the scope and duration of which, if implemented, remains uncertain, which have been proposed or threatened and the potential escalation of a trade war and retaliatory measures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
most of our accounting and tax processes including general accounting, cost accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable and tax functions are centralized at locations in india and malaysia. if economical, political, health or other conditions change in those countries, it may adversely affect operations, including impairing our ability to pay our suppliers and collect our receivables. our results of operations, as well as our liquidity, may be adversely affected and possible delays may occur in reporting financial results.
in addition, although the majority of our products are priced and paid for in u.s. dollars, a significant amount of certain types of expenses, such as payroll, utilities, tax, and marketing expenses, are paid in local currencies. our hedging programs reduce, but do not always entirely eliminate, within any given twelve-month period, the impact of currency exchange rate movements, and therefore fluctuations in exchange rates, including those caused by currency controls, could impact our business, operating results and financial condition by resulting in lower revenue or increased expenses. for expenses beyond that twelve-month period, our hedging strategy does not mitigate our exposure. in addition, our currency hedging programs involve third-party financial institutions as counterparties. the weakening or failure of financial institution counterparties may adversely affect our hedging programs and our financial condition through, among other things, a reduction in available counterparties, increasingly unfavorable terms, and the failure of the counterparties to perform under hedging contracts.
our strategic initiatives to adjust our cost structure could have long-term adverse effects on our business, and we may not realize the operational or financial benefits from such actions.
we have implemented multiple strategic initiatives across our businesses to adjust our cost structure, and we may engage in similar activities in the future. these strategic initiatives and our regular ongoing cost reduction activities may distract management, could slow improvements in our products and services and limit our ability to increase production quickly if demand for our products increases. in addition, delays in implementing our strategic initiatives, unexpected costs or failure to meet targeted improvements may diminish the operational and financial benefits we realize from such actions. any of the above circumstances could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results and financial condition.
our acquisitions, strategic investments and alliances, joint ventures, exiting of businesses and divestitures may result in financial results that are different than expected.
in the normal course of business, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties relating to possible acquisitions, strategic investments and alliances, joint ventures and divestitures, and generally expect to complete several transactions per year. in addition, we may decide to exit a particular business within our product portfolio. as a result of such transactions, our financial results may differ from our own or the investment community's expectations in a given fiscal quarter or over the long term. we may have difficulty developing, manufacturing and marketing the products of a newly acquired company in a way that enhances the performance of our combined businesses or product lines. acquired businesses may also expose us to new risks and new markets, and we may have difficulty addressing these risks in a cost effective and timely manner. transactions such as acquisitions have resulted, and may in the future result in, unexpected significant costs and expenses. in the future, we may be required to record charges to earnings during the period if we determine there is an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, up to the full amount of the value of the assets, or, in the case of strategic investments and alliances, consolidate results, including losses, of third parties or write down investment values or loans and convertible notes related to the strategic investment.
integrating the operations of acquired businesses within agilent could be a difficult, costly and time-consuming process that involves a number of risks. acquisitions and strategic investments and alliances may require us to integrate and collaborate with a different company culture, management team, business model, business infrastructure and sales and distribution methodology and assimilate and retain geographically dispersed, decentralized operations and personnel. depending on the size and complexity of an acquisition, our successful integration of the entity depends on a variety of factors, including introducing new products and meeting revenue targets as expected, the retention of key employees and key customers, increased exposure to certain governmental regulations and compliance requirements and increased costs and use of resources. further, the integration of acquired businesses is likely to result in our systems and internal controls becoming increasingly complex and more difficult to manage. any difficulties in the assimilation of acquired businesses into our control system could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations.
even if we are able to successfully integrate acquired businesses within agilent, we may not be able to realize the revenue and other synergies and growth that we anticipated from the acquisition in the time frame that we expected, and the costs of achieving these benefits may be higher than what we expected. as a result, the acquisition and integration of acquired businesses may not contribute to our earnings as expected, we may not achieve our operating margin targets when expected, or at all, and we may not achieve the other anticipated strategic and financial benefits of such transactions.
a successful divestiture depends on various factors, including our ability to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to the purchaser, identify and separate the intellectual property to be divested from the intellectual property that we wish to keep and reduce fixed costs previously associated with the divested assets or business. in addition, if customers of the divested business do not receive the same level of service from the new owners, this may adversely affect our other businesses to the extent that these customers also purchase other agilent products. in exiting a business, we may still retain liabilities associated with the support and warranty of those businesses and other indemnification obligations. all of these efforts require varying levels of management resources, which may divert our attention from other business operations. if we do not realize the expected benefits or synergies of such transactions, our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price could be negatively impacted.
the impact of consolidation and acquisitions of competitors is difficult to predict and may harm our business.
the life sciences industry is intensely competitive and has been subject to increasing consolidation. consolidation in our industries could result in existing competitors increasing their market share through business combinations and result in stronger competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. we may not be able to compete successfully in increasingly consolidated industries and cannot predict with certainty how industry consolidation will affect our competitors or us.
regulatory, legal and compliance risks if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, which could lead to a loss of investor confidence in our financial statements and have an adverse effect on our stock price.
effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable and accurate financial statements and to effectively prevent fraud. we devote significant resources and time to comply with the internal control over financial reporting requirements of the sarbanes oxley act of 2002 and continue to enhance our controls. however, we cannot be certain that we will be able to prevent future significant deficiencies or material weaknesses. inadequate internal controls could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on investor confidence in our financial statements, the trading price of our stock and our access to capital.
our customers and we are subject to various governmental regulations. compliance with or changes in such regulations may cause us to incur significant expenses, and if we fail to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain regulations, we may be forced to recall products and cease their manufacture and distribution, and we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties.
our customers and we are subject to various significant international, federal, state and local regulations, including but not limited to regulations in the areas of health and safety, packaging, product content, employment, labor and immigration, import/export controls, trade restrictions and anti-competition. in addition, as a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal, sensitive and/or patient health data in the course of our business. global privacy laws, including the eu's general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), brazil's lei geral de protecao de dados, and the california consumer privacy act, apply to our activities involving the processing of personal data, both in relation to our product and service offerings and the management of our workforce. the global proliferation of privacy laws, with governmental authorities around the world passing or considering passing legislative and regulatory proposals concerning privacy and data protection, continues to result in new requirements regarding the handling of personal data, with many such laws imposing significant penalties for non-compliance (including possible fines of up to four percent of total company revenue under the gdpr). each of these privacy, security and data protection laws and regulations could impose significant limitations and increase our cost of providing our products and services where we process end user personal data and could harm our results of operations and expose us to significant fines, penalties and other damages.
we must also comply with complex foreign and u.s. laws and regulations, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, anti-competition regulations and sanctions imposed by the u.s. office of foreign assets control and other similar laws and regulations. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, restrictions on our business conduct and on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our ability to attract and retain employees, our international operations, our business and our operating results. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies.
these regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. we may be required to incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations or to remedy any violations of these regulations. any failure by us to comply with applicable government regulations could also result in the cessation of our operations or portions of our operations, product recalls or impositions of fines and restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations. in addition, because many of our products are regulated or sold into regulated industries, we must comply with additional regulations in marketing our products. we develop, configure and market our products to meet customer needs created by these regulations. any significant change in these regulations could reduce demand for our products, force us to modify our products to comply with new regulations or increase our costs of producing these products. if demand for our products is adversely affected or our costs increase, our operating results and business would suffer.
our products and operations are also often subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies, like the international standards organization, as well as regulation by other agencies such as the fda. we also must comply with work safety rules. if we fail to adequately address any of these regulations, our businesses could be harmed.
we are subject to extensive regulation by the fda and certain similar foreign regulatory agencies, and failure to comply with such regulations could harm our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
a number of our products and services are subject to regulation by the fda, the u.s. department of health and human services, the centers for medicare & medicaid services and certain similar foreign regulatory agencies. in addition, a number of our products and services may in the future be subject to regulation by the fda and certain similar foreign regulatory agencies. these regulations govern a wide variety of product and service-related activities, from quality management, design and development to labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. in addition, we are subject to inspections by these and other regulatory authorities. if we or any of our suppliers, distributors or customers fail to comply with fda and other applicable regulatory requirements or are perceived to potentially have failed to comply, we may face, among other things, warning letters; adverse publicity affecting both us and our customers; investigations or notices of non-compliance, fines, injunctions, and civil or criminal penalties; import or export restrictions; partial suspensions or total shutdown of production facilities or the imposition of operating restrictions; suspension or revocation of our license to operate, increased difficulty in obtaining required fda clearances or approvals or foreign equivalents; seizures or recalls of our products or those of our customers; or the inability to sell our products. any such fda or other regulatory agency actions could disrupt our business and operations, lead to significant remedial costs and have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. in addition, the global regulatory environment has become increasingly stringent for our products and services. for example, the eu is going to enforce new requirements, known as the eu in vitro diagnostic regulation (the "eu ivdr"), which imposes stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of in vitro diagnostics in the european union. these new regulations are more stringent in a variety of areas, including clinical requirements, quality systems and post-market surveillance activities. the new eu ivdr requirements become effective in may 2022. failure to meet these requirements could adversely impact our business in the eu and other regions that tie their product registrations to the eu requirements.
some of our products are subject to particularly complex regulations such as regulations of toxic substances, and failure to comply with such regulations could harm our business.
some of our products and related consumables are used in conjunction with chemicals whose manufacture, processing, distribution and notification requirements are regulated by the u.s. environmental protection agency ("epa") under the toxic substances control act and by regulatory bodies in other countries under similar laws. the toxic substances control act regulations govern, among other things, the testing, manufacture, processing and distribution of chemicals, the testing of regulated chemicals for their effects on human health and safety and the import and export of chemicals. the toxic substances control act prohibits persons from manufacturing any chemical in the united states that has not been reviewed by the epa for its effect on health and safety and placed on an epa inventory of chemical substances. we must ensure conformance of the manufacturing, processing, distribution of and notification about these chemicals to these laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in all applicable countries as these requirements change. if we fail to comply with the notification, record-keeping and other requirements in the manufacture or distribution of our products, then we could be subject to civil penalties, criminal prosecution and, in some cases, prohibition from distributing or marketing our products until the products or component substances are brought into compliance.
our business may suffer if we fail to comply with government contracting laws and regulations.
we derive a portion of our revenue from direct and indirect sales to u.s. federal, state, local, and foreign governments and their respective agencies. such contracts are subject to various procurement laws and regulations and contract provisions relating to their formation, administration and performance. failure to comply with these laws, regulations or provisions in our government contracts could result in the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties, termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, increased pricing pressure or suspension from future government contracting. if our government contracts are terminated, if we are suspended from government work, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our business could suffer.
our reputation, ability to do business and financial statements may be harmed by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners.
we cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect us from acts committed by employees, agents or business partners of ours (or of businesses we acquire or partner with) that would violate u.s. and/or non-u.s. laws, including the laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, kickbacks and false claims, pricing, sales and marketing practices, conflicts of interest, competition, employment practices and workplace behavior, export and import compliance, money laundering and data privacy. in particular, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. any such improper actions or allegations of such acts could damage our reputation and subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the united states and in other jurisdictions, and related shareholder lawsuits could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and could cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory fees. in addition, the government may seek to hold us liable as a successor for violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. we also rely on our suppliers to adhere to our supplier standards of conduct, and material violations of such standards of conduct could occur that could have a material effect on our business, reputation and financial statements.
environmental contamination from past and ongoing operations could subject us to substantial liabilities.
certain properties we have previously owned or leased are undergoing remediation for subsurface contamination.  although we are indemnified for liability relating to the required remediation at some of those properties, we may be subject to liability if these indemnification obligations are not fulfilled.  in other cases, we have agreed to indemnify the current owners of certain properties for liabilities related to contamination, including companies with which we have previously been affiliated such as hp, inc., hewlett-packard enterprise (formerly hewlett-packard company) and siemens healthineers (formerly varian medical systems, inc.)  further, other properties we have previously owned or leased at which we have operated in the past, or for which we have otherwise contractually assumed, or provided indemnities for, certain actual or contingent environmental liabilities may or do require remediation. while we are not aware of any material liabilities associated with any potential environmental contamination at any of those properties or facilities, we may be exposed to material liability if environmental contamination at material levels is found to exist. in addition, in connection with the acquisition of certain companies, we have assumed other costs and potential or contingent liabilities for environmental matters.  any significant costs or liabilities could have an adverse effect on results of operations.
we are subject to environmental laws and regulations that expose us to a number of risks and could result in significant liabilities and costs.
our current and historical manufacturing and research and development processes and facilities are subject to various foreign, federal, state and local environment protection and health and safety laws and regulations. as a result, we may become subject to liabilities for environmental contamination, and these liabilities may be substantial. although our policy is to apply strict standards for environmental protection and health and safety at our sites inside and outside the united states, we may not be aware of all conditions that could subject us to liability. further, in the event that any future climate change legislation would require that stricter standards be imposed by domestic or international environmental regulatory authorities, we may be required to make certain changes and adaptations to our manufacturing processes and facilities. we cannot predict how changes will affect our business operations or the cost of compliance to us, our customers or our suppliers. failure to comply with these environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations could result in civil, criminal, regulatory, administrative or contractual sanction, including fines, penalties or suspensions, restrictions on our operations and reputational damage. if we have any violations of, or incur liabilities pursuant to these laws or regulations, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
third parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services.
from time to time, third parties may claim that one or more of our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights. we analyze and take action in response to such claims on a case by case basis. any dispute or litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming due to the complexity of our technology and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation and could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations. a claim of intellectual property infringement could force us to enter into a costly or restrictive license agreement, which might not be available under acceptable terms or at all, could require us to redesign our products, which would be costly and time-consuming, and/or could subject us to significant damages or to an injunction against the development and sale of certain of our products or services. our intellectual property portfolio may not be useful in asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating a license, in response to a claim of intellectual property infringement. in certain of our businesses, we rely on third-party intellectual property licenses, and we cannot ensure that these licenses will continue to be available to us in the future or can be expanded to cover new products on favorable terms or at all.
third parties may infringe our intellectual property, and we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights.
our success depends in large part on our proprietary technology, including technology we obtained through acquisitions. we rely on various intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements, to establish our proprietary rights. if we do not enforce our intellectual property rights successfully, our competitive position may suffer, which could harm our operating results.
our pending patent, copyright and trademark registration applications may not be allowed, or competitors may challenge the validity or scope of our patents, copyrights or trademarks. in addition, our patents, copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not provide us with a significant competitive advantage.
we may need to spend significant resources monitoring and enforcing our intellectual property rights, and we may not be aware of or able to detect or prove infringement by third parties. our competitive position may be harmed if we cannot detect infringement and enforce our intellectual property rights quickly or at all. in some circumstances, we may choose to not pursue enforcement because an infringer has a dominant intellectual property position or for other business reasons. in addition, competitors might avoid infringement by designing around our intellectual property rights or by developing non-infringing competing technologies. intellectual property rights and our ability to enforce them may be unavailable or limited in some countries, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market share and could result in lost revenues. furthermore, some of our intellectual property is licensed to others which may allow them to compete with us using that intellectual property.
we are subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure expectations and regulations that impact compliance costs and risks of noncompliance.
we are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the sec and nyse, as well as evolving investor expectations around corporate governance and environmental and social practices and disclosures. these rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity, and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by the u.s. and foreign governments, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. the increase in costs to comply with such evolving expectations, rules and regulations, as well as any risk of noncompliance, could adversely impact us.
regulations related to "conflict minerals" may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain metals used in manufacturing our products.
we are subject to the rules of the sec which require disclosures by public companies of specified minerals, known as conflict minerals, that are necessary to the functionality or production of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured. the rule, which requires an annual disclosure report to be filed with the sec by may 31st of each year, requires companies to perform due diligence, disclose and report whether or not such minerals originate from the democratic republic of congo or an adjoining country. our ongoing implementation of these rules could affect sourcing at competitive prices and availability in sufficient quantities of certain minerals used in the manufacture of our products, including tin, tantalum, gold and tungsten. the number of suppliers who provide conflict-free minerals may be limited. in addition, there may be material costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to the due diligence process of determining the source of certain minerals used in our products, as well as costs of possible changes to products, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. as our supply chain is complex and we use contract manufacturers for some of our products, we may not be able to sufficiently verify the origins of the relevant minerals used in our products through the due diligence procedures that we implement, which may harm our reputation. we may also encounter challenges to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our products be certified as conflict-free, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage if we are unable to do so.
operational risks if we are unable to successfully manage the consolidation and streamlining of our manufacturing operations, we may not achieve desired efficiencies, and our ability to deliver products to our customers could be disrupted.
although we utilize manufacturing facilities throughout the world, we have consolidated, and may further consolidate, our manufacturing operations to certain of our plants to achieve efficiencies and gross margin improvements. additionally, we typically consolidate the production of products from our acquisitions into our supply chain and manufacturing processes, which are technically complex and require expertise to operate. if we are unable to establish processes to efficiently and effectively produce high quality products in the consolidated locations, we may not achieve the anticipated synergies and production may be disrupted, which could adversely affect our business and operating results.
our operating results may suffer if our manufacturing capacity does not match the demand for our products.
because we cannot immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to rapidly changing market conditions, when demand does not meet our expectations, our manufacturing capacity may exceed our production requirements. if during an economic downturn we had excess manufacturing capacity, then our fixed costs associated with excess manufacturing capacity would adversely affect our gross margins and operating results. if, during a general market upturn or an upturn in one of our segments, we cannot increase our manufacturing capacity to meet product demand, we may not be able to fulfill orders in a timely manner which could lead to order cancellations, contract breaches or indemnification obligations. this inability could materially and adversely limit our ability to improve our results.
dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourcing other portions of our supply chain, including logistics and third-party package delivery services, may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and damage our reputation. dependence on outsourced information technology and other administrative functions may impair our ability to operate effectively.
as part of our efforts to streamline operations and to manage costs, we outsource aspects of our manufacturing processes and other functions and continue to evaluate additional outsourcing. if our contract manufacturers or other outsourcers fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to bring products to market and our reputation could suffer. for example, during a market upturn, our contract manufacturers may be unable to meet our demand requirements, which may preclude us from fulfilling our customers' orders on a timely basis. the ability of these manufacturers to perform is largely outside of our control. if one or more of the third-party package delivery providers experiences a significant disruption in services or institutes a significant price increase, we may have to seek alternative providers, our costs could increase, and the delivery of our products could be prevented or delayed. additionally, changing or replacing our contract manufacturers, logistics providers or other outsourcers could cause disruptions or delays. in addition, we outsource significant portions of our information technology ("it") and other administrative functions. since it is critical to our operations, any failure to perform on the part of our it providers could impair our ability to operate effectively. in addition to the risks outlined above, problems with manufacturing or it outsourcing could result in lower revenue and unexecuted efficiencies and impact our results of operations and our stock price.
if we suffer a loss to our factories, facilities or distribution system due to catastrophe, our operations could be seriously harmed.
our factories, facilities and distribution system are subject to catastrophic loss due to fire, flood, terrorism, public health crises, increasing severity or frequency of extreme weather events, or other climate-change related risks. for example, in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, the outbreak of covid-19 in china led to an extension of the lunar new year holiday, which adversely impacted our business and results, reduced the number of selling days and otherwise impacted our supply chain. in addition, several of our facilities could be subject to a catastrophic loss caused by earthquake due to their locations. our production facilities, headquarters and laboratories in california, and our production facilities in japan, are all located in areas with above-average seismic activity. if any of our facilities were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments and revenue and result in large expenses to repair or replace the facility. if such a disruption were to occur, we could breach agreements, our reputation could be harmed, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. in addition, because we have consolidated our manufacturing facilities and we may not have redundant manufacturing capability readily available, we are more likely to experience an interruption to our operations in the event of a catastrophe in any one location. although we carry insurance for property damage and business interruption, we do not carry insurance or financial reserves for interruptions or potential losses arising from earthquakes or terrorism. also, our third-party insurance coverage will vary from time to time in both type and amount depending on availability, cost and our decisions with respect to risk retention. economic conditions and uncertainties in global markets may adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain third-party insurance. if our third-party insurance coverage is adversely affected or to the extent we have elected to self-insure, we may be at a greater risk that our financial condition will be harmed by a catastrophic loss.
if we experience a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems, or if we fail to implement new systems and software successfully, our business could be adversely affected.
we rely on several centralized information technology systems throughout our company to provide products and services, keep financial records, process orders, manage inventory, process shipments to customers and operate other critical functions. our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. for example, in december 2020 it was widely reported that solarwinds, an information technology company, was the subject of a cyberattack that created security vulnerabilities for thousands of its clients. we identified an impacted solarwinds server and promptly took steps to contain and remediate the incidents. while we believe that there were no disruptions to our operations as a result of this attack, other similar attacks could have a significant negative impact on our systems and operations. our information technology systems also may experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with system integration, software upgrades or system migration work that takes place from time to time. if we were to experience a prolonged system disruption in the information technology systems that involve our interactions with customers or suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and significant incremental costs, which could adversely affect our business. in addition, security breaches of our information technology systems could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers or suppliers, which could result in our suffering significant financial or reputational damage.
financial and tax risks our retirement and post retirement pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect our future results of operations and cash flows.
we have significant retirement and post retirement pension plan assets and obligations. the performance of the financial markets and interest rates impact our plan expenses and funding obligations. significant decreases in market interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets will increase our funding obligations and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
changes in tax laws, unfavorable resolution of tax examinations, or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we are subject to taxes in the u.s., singapore and various foreign jurisdictions. governments in the jurisdictions in which we operate implement changes to tax laws and regulations periodically. any implementation of tax laws that fundamentally change the taxation of corporations in the u.s. or singapore could materially impact our effective tax rate and could have a significant adverse impact on our financial results.
we are also subject to examinations of our tax returns by tax authorities in various jurisdictions around the world. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from ongoing tax examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. these assessments can require a high degree of judgment and estimation. intercompany transactions associated with the sale of inventory, services, intellectual property and cost share arrangements are complex and affect our tax liabilities. the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions. there can be no assurance that the outcomes from ongoing tax examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. a difference in the ultimate resolution of tax uncertainties from what is currently estimated could have an adverse effect on our financial results and condition.
if tax incentives change or cease to be in effect, our income taxes could increase significantly.
we benefit from tax incentives extended to our foreign subsidiaries to encourage investment or employment. singapore has granted us tax incentives which require renewal at various times in the future. the incentives are conditioned on achieving various thresholds of investments and employment or specific types of income. our taxes could increase if the incentives are not renewed upon expiration. if we cannot or do not wish to satisfy all or parts of the tax incentive conditions, we may lose the related tax incentive and could be required to refund tax incentives previously realized. as a result, our effective tax rate could be higher than it would have been had we maintained the benefits of the tax incentives.
we have outstanding debt and may incur other debt in the future, which could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
we are party to a $1.35 billion five-year unsecured credit facility that will expire on march 13, 2024. furthermore, we are permitted pursuant to the credit agreement to establish incremental facilities of up to $500 million. as of october 31, 2021, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and we had no borrowings under the incremental facilities. on june 18, 2021, we increased the maximum amount of our commercial paper program to $1.35 billion. as of october 31, 2021, we had no borrowings outstanding under our u.s. commercial paper program. we also currently have outstanding an aggregate principal amount of $2.7 billion in senior unsecured notes. we may borrow additional amounts in the future and use the proceeds from any future borrowing for general corporate purposes, future acquisitions, expansion of our business or repurchases of our outstanding shares of common stock.
our incurrence of this debt, and increases in our aggregate levels of debt, may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition by, among other things:
•increasing our vulnerability to downturns in our business, to competitive pressures and to adverse economic and industry conditions;
•requiring the dedication of an increased portion of our expected cash flows from operations to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of expected cash flows available for other purposes, including capital expenditures, acquisitions, stock repurchases and dividends; and
•limiting our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and our industry.
our credit facility imposes restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to create liens on our assets and engage in certain types of sale and leaseback transactions and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur indebtedness, and requires us to maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. our ability to comply with these ratios may be affected by events beyond our control. in addition, the indentures governing our senior notes contain covenants that may adversely affect our ability to incur certain liens or engage in certain types of sale and leaseback transactions. if we breach any of the covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders or noteholders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, our outstanding indebtedness could be declared immediately due and payable.
we cannot assure that we will continue to pay dividends on our common stock.
since the first quarter of fiscal year 2012, we have paid a quarterly dividend on our common stock. the timing, declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends fall within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on many factors, including our available cash, estimated cash needs, earnings, financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, as well as limitations in our contractual agreements, applicable law, regulatory constraints, industry practice and other business considerations that our board of directors considers relevant. a change in our dividend program could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
adverse conditions in the global banking industry and credit markets may adversely impact the value of our cash investments or impair our liquidity.
as of october 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $1,484 million invested or held in a mix of money market funds, time deposit accounts and bank demand deposit accounts. disruptions in the financial markets may, in some cases, result in an inability to access assets such as money market funds that traditionally have been viewed as highly liquid. any failure of our counterparty financial institutions or funds in which we have invested may adversely impact our cash and cash equivalent positions and, in turn, our operating results and financial condition.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this report contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements regarding growth opportunities, including for revenue and our end markets, strength and drivers of the markets into which we sell, sales funnels, our strategic direction, new product and service introductions and the position of our current products and services, market demand for and adoption of our products, the ability of our products and solutions to address customer needs and meet industry requirements, our focus on differentiating our product solutions, improving our customers' experience and growing our earnings, future financial results, our operating margin, mix, our investments, including in manufacturing infrastructure, research and development and expanding and improving our applications and solutions portfolios, expanding our position in developing countries and emerging markets, our focus on balanced capital allocation, our contributions to our pension and other defined benefit plans, impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, the impact of foreign currency movements, our hedging programs and other actions to offset the effects of tariffs and foreign currency movements, our future effective tax rate, tax valuation allowance and unrecognized tax benefits, the impact of local government regulations on our ability to pay vendors or conduct operations, our ability to satisfy our liquidity requirements, including through cash generated from operations, the potential impact of adopting new accounting pronouncements, indemnification, source and supply of materials used in our products, our sales, our purchase commitments, our capital expenditures, the integration and effects of our acquisitions and other transactions, our stock repurchase program and dividends and the potential or anticipated direct or indirect impact of covid-19 on our business that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to various factors, including those discussed in part i item 1a and elsewhere in this form 10-k.
overview and executive summary agilent technologies inc. ("we", "agilent" or the "company"), incorporated in delaware in may 1999, is a global leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets, providing application focused solutions that include instruments, software, services and consumables for the entire laboratory workflow.
covid-19 pandemic both our domestic and international operations have been and continue to be affected by the ongoing global pandemic of a novel strain of coronavirus ("covid-19") and the resulting volatility and uncertainty it has caused in the u.s. and international markets. during the year ended october 31, 2021, many businesses and countries, including the u.s., continued applying preventative and precautionary measures to mitigate the spread of the virus including government orders and other restrictions on the conduct of business operations.
the health and safety of our employees is a top priority for us. in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we took proactive actions to protect the health and safety of our employees, customers, partners and suppliers. we enacted safety measures, including social distancing protocols, encouraging employees to work from home when possible, suspending non-essential work travel, implementing various access controls at our facilities, frequently disinfecting our workspaces and providing appropriate personal protective equipment to employees who are physically present at our facilities. as covid-19 conditions improved, we began implementing a phased reopening process, required our u.s. employees to be fully vaccinated pursuant to federal, state and local guidelines and continued to prioritize health and safety. we expect to continue to implement appropriate safety measures until the covid-19 pandemic is contained. we may take further actions as government authorities require or recommend or as we determine to be in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners and suppliers. currently, most of our employees are still working from home. when we determine it is safe for our employees to return to the office, we will be moving towards a hybrid work model, giving our employees the flexibility to work offsite or at our onsite locations.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to be dynamic, and near-term challenges across the economy remain. the ongoing effects of covid-19 remain difficult to predict due to numerous uncertainties, including the severity, duration and resurgence of the outbreak, new variants, the effectiveness of health and safety measures including vaccines, managing the different pace of return-to-office in different locations, the pace and strength of the economic recovery, and supply chain pressures, among others. we will continue to actively monitor the effects of the pandemic and will continue to take appropriate steps to mitigate the impacts to our employees and on our business results.
despite the economic challenges due to the covid-19 pandemic, we ended our fiscal year 2021 with revenue growth of 18 percent year over year. this revenue growth was primarily non-covid related revenue and came from all of our segments, key end markets and geographies. revenue growth was also partly due to weakened sales in the prior year as the response to the early stages of the pandemic caused many of our customers to close or reduce operating capacity. in fiscal year 2021, our overall business performance was strong which also resulted in significant expense increases from our variable pay and long-term performance plan-earnings per share ("ltpp-eps") programs, along with sales commission increases year over year, which was partially offset by the continued cost savings actions which included reduction in travel and non-essential spending that we implemented last year.
acquisition on april 15, 2021 we completed the acquisition of privately-owned resolution bioscience, inc., a biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of next-generation sequencing-based ("ngs") precision oncology solutions, for $561 million cash plus potential future contingent payments of up to $145 million upon the achievement of certain milestones which are based on certain revenue and technical targets. resolution bioscience complements and expands our capabilities in ngs-based cancer diagnostics within our diagnostics and genomics segment and provides us with innovative technology to further serve the needs of the fast-growing precision medicine market. the fair value of the contingent consideration as of october 31, 2021 was $89 million which included a decrease of $21 million from the estimated fair value as of the end of our third quarter.
2022 senior notes on january 21, 2021, we redeemed $100 million of the $400 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 2022 senior notes due october 1, 2022. on april 5, 2021, we redeemed the remaining outstanding $300 million of our 2022 senior notes. the total redemption price of approximately $417 million was computed in accordance with the terms of the 2022 senior notes as the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and unpaid interest on the notes being redeemed. during the year ended october 31, 2021, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $17 million in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations. in addition, $1 million of accrued interest, up to but not including the applicable redemption date, was paid. the make-whole premium less partial amortization of previously deferred interest rate swap gain together with the amortization of debt issuance costs and discount was recorded in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations.
2031 senior notes on march 12, 2021, we issued an aggregate principal amount of $850 million in senior notes ("2031 senior notes"). the 2031 senior notes were issued at 99.822% of their principal amount. the 2031 senior notes will mature on march 12, 2031, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.30% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on march 12th and september 12th of each year and payments commenced on september 12, 2021.
actual results agilent's net revenue of $6,319 million in 2021 increased 18 percent when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements for 2021 had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 2 percentage points when compared to 2020. net revenue increased in all business segments, geographic regions and key end markets. the favorable impact of covid-related revenue and revenue from our recent acquisition for the year ended october 31, 2021 was not material. revenue in the life sciences and applied markets business increased 18 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 2 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020. revenue in the diagnostics and genomics business increased 24 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 3 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020. revenue in the agilent crosslab business increased 16 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 4 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020.
agilent's net revenue of $5,339 million increased 3 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements for 2020 had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point when compared to 2019. in 2020, acquisitions from 2019 had an overall favorable impact of 3 percentage points when compared to 2019. revenue in the life sciences and applied markets business increased 4 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. in 2020 acquisitions from 2019 had an overall favorable impact of 7 percentage points when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had no overall impact on revenue growth in 2020 when compared to 2019. revenue in the diagnostics and genomics business increased 2 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019. revenue in the agilent crosslab business increased 3 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019.
net income was $1,210 million in 2021 compared to net income of $719 million and $1,071 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. net income in 2021 was impacted by higher sales volume and net gains on fair value of equity securities partially offset by significant expense increases from our variable pay, share-based compensation expense and sales commissions. net income for the year ended october 31, 2020 was impacted by revenue declines in certain of our businesses associated with the covid-19 pandemic and increased costs and expenses which included an impairment charge of $98 million related to the closure of our sequencer development program. net income for the year ended october 31, 2019 was impacted by a discrete tax benefit of $299 million related to the extension of the company's tax incentives in singapore. as of october 31, 2021 and 2020, we had cash and cash equivalents balances of $1,484 million and $1,441 million, respectively.
on november 19, 2018 we announced that our board of directors had approved a new share repurchase program (the "2019 repurchase program") designed, among other things, to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs. the 2019 share repurchase program authorizes the purchase of up to $1.75 billion of our common stock at the company's discretion and has no fixed termination date. the 2019 repurchase program does not require the company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. during the year ended october 31, 2019, we repurchased and retired 10.4 million shares for $723 million under this authorization. during the year ended october 31, 2020, we repurchased and retired 5.2 million shares for $469 million under this authorization. during the year ended october 31, 2021, we repurchased and retired approximately 3.1 million shares for $365 million under this authorization. effective february 18, 2021, the 2019 repurchase program was terminated and replaced by the new share repurchase program. the remaining authorization under the 2019 repurchase plan of $193 million expired on february 18, 2021.
on february 16, 2021 we announced that our board of directors had approved a new share repurchase program (the "2021 repurchase program") designed, among other things, to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs. the 2021 repurchase program authorizes the purchase of up to $2.0 billion of our common stock at the company's discretion and has no fixed termination date. the 2021 repurchase program which became effective on february 18, 2021, replaced and terminated the 2019 repurchase program on that date. the 2021 repurchase program does not require the company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. during the year ended october 31, 2021, we repurchased and retired 3.0 million shares for $423 million under this authorization. as of october 31, 2021, we had remaining authorization to repurchase up to approximately $1.577 billion of our common stock under the 2021 repurchase program.
during the year ended october 31, 2021, cash dividends of 0.776 per share, or $236 million were declared and paid on the company's outstanding common stock. during the year ended october 31, 2020, cash dividends of 0.720 per share, or $222 million were declared and paid on the company's outstanding common stock. during the year ended october 31, 2019, cash dividends of 0.656 per share, or $206 million were declared and paid on the company's outstanding common stock.
on november 17, 2021 we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.210 per share of common stock, or approximately $63 million which will be paid on january 26, 2022 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on january 4, 2022. the timing and amounts of any future dividends are subject to determination and approval by our board of directors.
looking forward, as we continue to navigate the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, our top priority continues to be the health and safety of our employees, customers and community, as well as supporting our customers' operations. we expect to face additional logistical pressures, such as longer lead times and limited sources of supply in the near term that we will continue to mitigate through various sourcing strategies. we also remain focused on improving our customers' experience, differentiating product solutions and productivity. we continue supporting our customers' needs related to the development of new therapies and vaccines. with our strong results in fiscal year 2021 and the continued recovery in our end markets, we remain optimistic about our long-term growth opportunities in all of our end markets.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable. although these estimates are based on management's best knowledge of current events and actions that may impact the company in the future, actual results may be different from the estimates. an accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur could materially change the financial statements. our critical accounting policies are those that affect our financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. those policies are revenue recognition, inventory valuation, retirement and post-retirement plan assumptions, valuation of goodwill and purchased intangible assets and accounting for income taxes.
revenue recognition.  on november 1, 2018, we adopted accounting standard codification topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers ("asc 606").
we enter into contracts to sell products, services or combinations of products and services. products may include hardware or software and services may include one-time service events or services performed over time.
we derive revenue primarily from the sale of analytical and diagnostics products and services. a performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct product or service to a customer and is the unit of account under asc 606. revenue is recognized when control of the promised products or services is transferred to our customers and the performance obligation is fulfilled in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to be entitled in exchange for those products or services, the transaction price. for equipment, consumables, and most software licenses, control transfers to the customer at a point in time. we use present right to payment, legal title, physical possession of the asset, and risks and rewards of ownership as indicators to determine the transfer of control to the customer. where acceptance is not a formality, the customer must have documented their acceptance of the product or service. for products that include installation, if the installation meets the criteria to be considered a separate performance obligation, product revenue is recognized when control has passed to the customer, and recognition of installation revenue occurs once completed. product revenue, including sales to resellers and distributors is reduced for provisions for warranties, returns, and other adjustments in the period the related sales are recorded.
service revenue includes extended warranty, customer and software support including: software as a service, post contract support, consulting including companion diagnostics, and training and education. instrument service contracts and software maintenance contracts are typically annual contracts, which are billed at the beginning of the contract or maintenance period. revenue for these contracts is recognized on a straight-line basis to revenue over the service period, as a time-based measure of progress best reflects our performance in satisfying this obligation. there are no deferred costs associated with the service contract, as the cost of the service is recorded when the service is performed. service calls not included in a support contract are recognized to revenue at the time a service is performed.
we have sales from standalone software. these arrangements typically include software licenses and maintenance contracts, both of which we have determined are distinct performance obligations. we determine the amount of the transaction price to allocate to the license and maintenance contract based on the relative standalone selling price of each performance obligation. software license revenue is recognized at the point in time when control has been transferred to the customer. the revenue allocated to the software maintenance contract is recognized on a straight-line basis over the maintenance period, which is the contractual term of the contract, as a time-based measure of progress best reflects our performance in satisfying this obligation. unspecified rights to software upgrades are typically sold as part of the maintenance contract on a when-and-if-available basis.
our multiple-element arrangements are generally comprised of a combination of instruments, installation or other start-up services, and/or software, and/or support or services. hardware and software elements are typically delivered at the same time and revenue is recognized when control passes to the customer. service revenue is deferred and recognized over the contractual period or as services are rendered and accepted by the customer. our arrangements generally do not include any provisions for cancellation, termination, or refunds that would significantly impact recognized revenue.
for contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the consideration to which we expect to be entitled to each performance obligation based on relative standalone selling prices and recognize the related revenue when or as control of each individual performance obligation is transferred to customers. we estimate the standalone selling price by calculating the average historical selling price of our products and services per country for each performance obligation. stand-alone selling prices are determined for each distinct good or service in the contract and then we allocate the transaction price in proportion to those standalone selling prices by performance obligations.
a portion of our revenue relates to lease arrangements. standalone lease arrangements are outside the scope of asc 606 and are therefore accounted for in accordance with asc 842, leases ("asc 842") beginning in 2020 and asc 840, leases ("asc 840") for prior periods. each of these contracts is evaluated as a lease arrangement, either as an operating lease or a sales-type finance lease using the current lease classification guidance. in a lease arrangement that is a multiple-element arrangement that contains equipment leases and the supply of consumables, the revenue associated with the instrument rental is treated under the lease accounting standard asc 842, whereas the revenue associated with the consumables, the non-lease component, is recognized in accordance with the asc 606 revenue standard.
inventory valuation.  we assess the valuation of our inventory on a periodic basis and make adjustments to the value for estimated excess and obsolete inventory based upon estimates about future demand and actual usage. such estimates are difficult to make under most economic conditions. the excess balance determined by this analysis becomes the basis for our excess inventory charge. our excess inventory review process includes analysis of sales forecasts, managing product rollovers and working with manufacturing to maximize recovery of excess inventory. if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional write-downs may be required. if actual market conditions are more favorable than anticipated, inventory previously written down may be sold to customers, resulting in lower cost of sales and higher income from operations than expected in that period.
retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions. retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs are a significant cost of doing business. they represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and therefore are subject to estimation. pension accounting is intended to reflect the recognition of future benefit costs over the employees' average expected future service to agilent based on the terms of the plans and investment and funding decisions. to estimate the impact of these future payments and our decisions concerning funding of these obligations, we are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. two critical assumptions are the discount rate and the expected long-term return on plan assets. other important assumptions include expected future salary increases, expected future increases to benefit payments, expected retirement dates, employee turnover, retiree mortality rates, and portfolio composition. we evaluate these assumptions at least annually.
the discount rate is used to determine the present value of future benefit payments at the measurement date - october 31 for both u.s. and non-u.s. plans. for 2021 and 2020, the u.s. discount rates were based on the results of matching expected plan benefit payments with cash flows from a hypothetically constructed bond portfolio. in 2021, discount rates for the u.s. retiree medical plans increased marginally compared to the previous year due to the increase in the corporate bond rates. for 2021 and 2020, the discount rates for non-u.s. plans were generally based on published rates for high quality corporate bonds and in 2021, increased marginally compared to the previous year. if we changed our discount rate by 1 percent, the impact would be less than $1 million in u.s. pension expense and $18 million on non-u.s. pension expense. lower discount rates increase present values of the pension benefit obligation and subsequent year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease present values of the pension benefit obligation and subsequent year pension expense.
the company uses alternate methods of amortization as allowed by the authoritative guidance which amortizes the actuarial gains and losses on a consistent basis for the years presented. for u.s. plans, gains and losses are amortized over the average future lifetime of participants using the corridor method. for most non-u.s. plans and u.s. post-retirement benefit plans, gains and losses are amortized using a separate layer for each year's gains and losses.
in the u.s., target asset allocations for our retirement and post-retirement benefit plans were approximately 80 percent to equities and approximately 20 percent to fixed income investments as of october 31, 2020 and were changed to approximately 50 percent to equities and approximately 50 percent to fixed income investments as of october 31, 2021. our deferred profit-sharing plan target asset allocation is approximately 60 percent to equities and approximately 40 percent to fixed income investments. approximately 1 percent of the retirement and post-retirement plans consists of limited partnerships. outside the u.s., our target asset allocation ranges from 15 percent to 60 percent to equities, from 38 percent to 85 percent to fixed income investments, and from zero to 25 percent to real estate, depending on the plan. all plans' assets are broadly diversified. due to fluctuations in equity markets, our actual allocations of plan assets at october 31, 2021 and 2020 differ from the target allocation. our policy is to bring the actual allocation in line with the target allocation.
equity securities include exchange-traded common stock and preferred stock of companies from broadly diversified industries. fixed income securities include a global portfolio of corporate bonds of companies from diversified industries, government securities, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, derivative instruments and other. other investments include a group trust consisting primarily of private equity partnerships.
the expected long-term return on plan assets is estimated using current and expected asset allocations as well as historical and expected returns. plan assets are valued at fair value. if we changed our estimated return on assets by 1 percent, the impact would be $5 million on u.s. pension expense and $10 milion on non-u.s. pension expense. the net periodic pension and post-retirement benefit costs recorded were a $24 million expense in 2021, $22 million expense in 2020 and $10 million expense in 2019. the years ended october 31, 2021 and 2020 included a loss on settlement of $1 million and $4 million, respectively.
goodwill and purchased intangible assets. we assess our goodwill and purchased intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. under the authoritative guidance, we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary. the accounting standard gives an entity the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether performing the quantitative test is necessary. if an entity believes, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not (i.e., greater than 50% chance) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test will be required. otherwise, no further testing will be required.
the guidance includes examples of events and circumstances that might indicate that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount. these include macro-economic conditions such as deterioration in the entity's operating environment or industry or market considerations; entity-specific events such as increasing costs, declining financial performance, or loss of key personnel; or other events such as an expectation that a reporting unit will be sold or a sustained decrease in the stock price on either an absolute basis or relative to peers.
if it is determined, as a result of the qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then we are required to perform a quantitative impairment test on goodwill to identify and measure the amount of a goodwill impairment loss to be recognized. a goodwill impairment loss, if any, is measured as the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. as defined in the authoritative guidance, a reporting unit is an operating segment, or one level below an operating segment. we aggregate components of an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics into our reporting units.
in fiscal year 2021, we assessed goodwill impairment for our three reporting units which consisted of our three segments: life sciences and applied markets, diagnostics and genomics and agilent crosslab. we performed a qualitative test for goodwill impairment of the three reporting units, as of september 30, 2021, our annual impairment test date. based on the results of our qualitative testing, we believe that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of each reporting unit is greater than its respective carrying value. each quarter we review the events and circumstances to determine if goodwill impairment is indicated. there was no impairment of goodwill during the years ended october 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
purchased intangible assets consist primarily of acquired developed technologies, proprietary know-how, trademarks, and customer relationships and are amortized using the best estimate of the asset's useful life that reflect the pattern in which the economic benefits are consumed or used up or a straight-line method ranging from 6 months to 15 years. our determination of the fair value of the intangible assets acquired involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. specifically, our determination of the fair value of the developed product technology and in-process research and development ("ipr&d") acquired involves significant estimates and assumptions related to revenue growth rates and discount rates. our determination of the fair value of customer relationships acquired involves significant estimates and assumptions related to revenue growth rates, discount rates, and customer attrition rates. our determination of the fair value of the tradename acquired involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions related to revenue growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates. the company believes that the fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on reasonable assumptions and estimates that marketplace participants would use. actual results could differ materially from these estimates. ipr&d is initially capitalized at fair value as an intangible asset with an indefinite life and assessed for impairment thereafter. when the ipr&d project is complete, it is reclassified as an amortizable purchased intangible asset and is amortized over its estimated useful life. if an ipr&d project is abandoned, we will record a charge for the value of the related intangible asset to our consolidated statement of operations in the period it is abandoned.
we continually monitor events and changes in circumstances that could indicate carrying amounts of finite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable. when such events or changes in circumstances occur, we assess the recoverability of finite-lived intangible assets by determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through undiscounted expected future cash flows. if the total of the undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of those assets, we recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets.
our indefinite-lived intangible assets are ipr&d intangible assets. the accounting guidance allows a qualitative approach for testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, similar to the issued impairment testing guidance for goodwill and allows the option to first assess qualitative factors (events and circumstances) that could have affected the significant inputs used in determining the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not (i.e., greater than 50% chance) that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. an organization may choose to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to calculating its fair value. we performed a qualitative test for impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets as of september 30, 2021. based on the results of our qualitative testing, we believe that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of these indefinite-lived intangible assets is greater than their respective carrying values. each quarter we review the events and circumstances to determine if impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets is indicated. during the year ended october 31, 2020, we recorded an impairment of in-process research and development of $90 million related to the shutdown of our sequencer development program in our diagnostics and genomics segment. during the year ended october 31, 2021 and 2019 there were no impairments of indefinite-lived intangible assets.
accounting for income taxes. we must make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. these estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, benefits and deductions, and in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in a subsequent period. on a quarterly basis, we provide for income taxes based upon an estimated annual effective tax rate. the effective tax rate is highly dependent upon the geographic composition of worldwide earnings, tax regulations governing each region, availability of tax credits and the effectiveness of our tax planning strategies. we monitor the changes in many factors and adjust our effective income tax rate on a timely basis. if actual results differ from these estimates, this could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
significant management judgment is also required in determining whether deferred tax assets will be realized in full or in part. when it is more-likely-than-not that all or some portion of deferred tax assets may not be realized, a valuation allowance must be established against such deferred tax assets. we consider all available positive and negative evidence on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis when assessing whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. we consider evidence such as our past operating results, the existence of losses in recent years and our forecast of future taxable income.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. although the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes the use of a recognition and measurement model, the determination of whether an uncertain tax position has met those thresholds will continue to require significant judgment by management. in accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, for all u.s. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. the ultimate resolution of tax uncertainties may differ from what is currently estimated, which could result in a material impact on income tax expense. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would be required. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. we include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes on the consolidated statements of operations.
adoption of new pronouncements see note 2, "new accounting pronouncements," to the consolidated financial statements for a description of new accounting pronouncements.
foreign currency our revenues, costs and expenses, and monetary assets and liabilities are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our global operating and financing activities. foreign currency movements for the year ended october 31, 2021 had an overall favorable impact on revenue of 2 percentage points when compared to the same period last year. foreign currency movements for the year ended october 31, 2020, had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue of 1 percentage point when compared to 2019. when movements in foreign currency exchange rates have a positive impact on revenue, they will also have a negative impact by increasing our costs and expenses. we calculate the impact of movements in foreign currency exchange rates by applying the actual foreign currency exchange rates in effect during the last month of each quarter of the current year to both the applicable current and prior year periods. we hedge revenues, expenses and balance sheet exposures that are not denominated in the functional currencies of our subsidiaries on a short term and anticipated basis. we do experience some fluctuations within individual lines of the consolidated statement of operations and balance sheet because our hedging program is not designed to offset the currency movements in each category of revenues, expenses, monetary assets and liabilities. our hedging program is designed to hedge currency movements on a relatively short-term basis (up to a rolling thirteen-month period). we may also hedge equity balances denominated in foreign currency on a long-term basis. to the extent that we are required to pay for all, or portions, of an acquisition price in foreign currencies, we may enter into foreign exchange contracts to reduce the risk that currency movements will impact the u.s. dollar cost of the transaction.
results from operations net revenue years ended october 31,       2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
2021                                       2020                        2019
(in millions)
net revenue:
products                      $4,756                      $3,993                      $3,877                      19%                            3%
services and other            $1,563                      $1,346                      $1,286                      16%                            5%
total net revenue             $6,319                      $5,339                      $5,163                      18%                            3%
years ended october 31,   2021 over 2020       2020 over 2019 change change
2021                                                       2020                    2019
% of total net revenue:
products                         75   %                  75   %                  75   %   -                    -
services and other               25   %                  25   %                  25   %   -                    -
total                           100   %                 100   %                 100   %
agilent's net revenue of $6,319 million for the year ended october 31, 2021 increased 18 percent when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 2 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020. the favorable impact of covid-related revenue and revenue from our recent acquisition for the year ended october 31, 2021 was not material. net revenue increased in all business segments, geographic regions and key end markets led by strong growth from the pharmaceutical, chemical and energy and diagnostics and clinical markets when compared to 2020. agilent's net revenue of $5,339 million increased 3 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019.
product revenue includes revenue generated from the sales of our analytical instrumentation, software and consumables. revenue from products increased 19 percent for the year ended october 31, 2021, when compared to 2020. the growth in product revenue was driven by increased sales within our liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses with continued strong growth in our nucleic acid solutions and cell analysis businesses.
revenue from products increased 3 percent for the year ended october 31, 2020, when compared to 2019. revenue in 2020 was impacted by the global covid-19 pandemic within most of our product lines as customers curtailed equipment spending at various times when countries around the world were in the lockdown phase of the covid-19 pandemic. growth was due to our cell analysis business, automation products and our nucleic acid solutions business. the increase in the cell analysis business was primarily due to the contributions from our acquisitions and the increased demand for our products for use in covid-19 testing and vaccine research.
services and other revenue consist of revenue generated from our three business segments: agilent crosslab, diagnostics and genomics and our life science and applied markets businesses. some of the prominent services in the agilent crosslab business include repair and maintenance on multi-vendor instruments, compliance services and installation services. services in the diagnostics and genomics business include consulting services related to the companion diagnostics and nucleic acid businesses. services in the life science and applied markets business include repair and maintenance and installation services.
services and other revenue increased 16 percent in 2021 as compared to 2020. service revenue from the agilent crosslab business increased 16 percent, with a 3 percentage point favorable currency impact, for the year ended october 31, 2021 when compared to the same period last year. this strength in the agilent crosslab service business was evident across all service regions and from contract services, on-demand repairs and nearly all other service types. services sold with instrument sales grew more than twice as fast as the growth in after-market service revenue during that same period. for the year ended october 31, 2021, service revenue within our diagnostics and genomics business increased 22 percent when compared to 2020, primarily due to increases from our companion diagnostics and pathology businesses. for the year ended october 31, 2021, service revenue within our life sciences and applied markets business increased 16 percent when compared to 2020, primarily due to increases from our cell analysis business.
services and other revenue increased 5 percent in 2020 as compared to 2019. for the year ended october 31, 2020, the service revenue from the agilent crosslab business increased 4 percent when compared to 2019, with a 1 percentage point unfavorable currency impact. this growth for the year ended october 31, 2020 is reflective of the resilience of the contracted service business throughout the year, as well as the recovery of the on-demand and installation service businesses in the latter half of 2020, as customer sites gradually reopened following their covid-19 related closures earlier in the year. those site re-openings were fastest in china. for the year ended october 31, 2020, the service revenue from the diagnostics and genomics business remained flat when compared to 2019. for the year ended october 31, 2020, the service revenue from the life sciences and applied markets business increased 28 percent when compared to 2019. the increase in life sciences and applied markets service revenue was due to the additional service revenue within the cell analysis business due to the lionheart technologies llc ("biotek") acquisition.
net revenue by segment years ended october 31,       2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
2021                                                      2020                        2019
(in millions)
net revenue by segment:
life sciences and applied markets            $2,823                      $2,392                      $2,302                      18%                            4%
diagnostics and genomics                     $1,296                      $1,047                      $1,021                      24%                            2%
agilent crosslab                             $2,200                      $1,900                      $1,840                      16%                            3%
total net revenue                            $6,319                      $5,339                      $5,163                      18%                            3%
revenue in the life sciences and applied markets business increased 18 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 2 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020. for the year ended october 31, 2021, we saw revenue growth across all key end markets when compared to the same period last year. revenue growth was led by strong demand for our products within the pharmaceutical and the chemical and energy markets when compared to the same periods last year. revenue in the life sciences and applied markets business increased 4 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had no overall impact on revenue growth in 2020 when compared to 2019. revenue growth within the life sciences and applied markets was driven by strong growth in the academia and government, the pharmaceutical and the diagnostics and clinical markets with moderate growth from the food market partially offset by declines in revenue within the environmental and forensics and chemical and energy markets.
revenue in the diagnostics and genomics business increased 24 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 3 percentage points in 2021 when compared to
2020. for the year ended october 31, 2021, we saw revenue growth across all key end markets when compared to the same period last year. revenue growth was strong within the pharmaceutical market led by performance from our nucleic acid solutions and biomolecular analysis businesses. revenue growth was strong within the diagnostics and clinical markets led by performance from our pathology, companion diagnostics and genomics businesses. revenue in the diagnostics and genomics business increased 2 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019. revenue growth within the diagnostics and genomics business was driven by strong growth in our nucleic acid solutions and biomolecular analysis businesses partially offset by declines in our genomics business.
revenue in the agilent crosslab business increased 16 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 4 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020. for the year ended october 31, 2021, we saw revenue growth across all key end markets led by strong growth from the pharmaceutical and chemical and energy and food markets when compared to the same period last year. revenue generated by agilent crosslab increased 3 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019. revenue growth within agilent crosslab business was strong within the pharmaceutical and food markets which was partially offset by declines in the academia and government and clinical and diagnostics markets.
costs and expenses years ended october 31,       2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
2021                                                                           2020                        2019
(in millions, except margin data)
gross margin on products                       56.3   %                    55.0   %                    56.7   %               1 ppt.                     (2) ppts.
gross margin on services and other             46.7   %                    47.5   %                    47.3   %             (1) ppt.                             -
total gross margin                             53.9   %                    53.1   %                    54.3   %               1 ppt.                      (1) ppt.
research and development                       $441                        $495                        $404                    (11)%                           22%
selling, general and administrative          $1,619                      $1,496                      $1,460                       8%                            2%
operating margin                               21.3   %                    15.8   %                    18.2   %              6 ppts.                     (2) ppts.
total gross margin for the year ended october 31, 2021 increased 1 percentage point when compared to 2020. total gross margin increased due to higher sales volume and favorable product mix which was partially offset by higher wages and variable pay, higher shipping and logistics costs, higher intangible amortization expense and higher share-based compensation expense. total gross margin for the year ended october 31, 2020 decreased 1 percentage point when compared to 2019. gross margin declined due to the impacts of pricing pressure, higher intangible amortization expense, higher wages, net unfavorable currency impact and higher fixed costs related to the new manufacturing facility in frederick, colorado, partially offset by lower period and travel costs.
gross inventory charges were $29 million in 2021, $28 million in 2020 and $19 million in 2019. sales of previously written down inventory were $8 million in 2021, $7 million in 2020 and $6 million in 2019.
research and development expenses for the year ended october 31, 2021 decreased 11 percent when compared to 2020. excluding the intangible and other assets impairments recorded in 2020, research and development expenses for the year ended october 31, 2021 increased 11 percent due to increased wages and variable pay, higher program investments in our life sciences and applied markets and diagnostics and genomics businesses, additional expenses related to our recent acquisition, and higher share-based compensation expense. research and development expenses for the year ended october 31, 2020 increased 22 percent when compared to 2019. research and development expenses increased primarily due to intangible and other asset impairments of $97 million related to the shutdown of our sequencer development program. the increase was also due to higher wages and additional expenses related to our acquisition of biotek partially offset by lower discretionary expenditures including lower travel costs and favorable currency impact.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 8 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. the increase was due to higher wages and variable pay, higher commissions and higher share-based compensation expense partially offset by a decrease related to the change in the fair value of contingent consideration for our recent acquisition, lower legal costs and lower transformational initiatives expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 2 percent in 2020 compared to 2019. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to higher wages, higher intangible amortization expense and higher transformational initiative expenses, which was partially offset by lower discretionary expenditures including lower travel costs and favorable currency impact.
total operating margin for the year ended october 31, 2021 increased 6 percentage points when compared to 2020. operating margin increased due to higher sales volume and increased gross margin partially offset by increases in wages and variable pay, commissions, share-based compensation expense and amortization of intangible assets. total operating margin for the year ended october 31, 2020, decreased 2 percentage points when compared to 2019. operating margin declined due to intangible and other asset impairments, higher wages, higher intangible amortization expense and higher transformational initiative expenses partially offset by lower discretionary expenditures including lower travel costs and favorable currency impact.
interest income for the year ended october 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was $2 million, $8 million and $36 million, respectively. the decrease in interest income in 2021 and 2020 was primarily due to lower interest rates for our cash and cash equivalents.
interest expense for the years ended october 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was $81 million, $78 million and $74 million, respectively, and relates to the interest charged on our senior notes, credit facilities, commercial paper and the amortization of the deferred loss recorded upon termination of the forward starting interest rate swap contracts partially offset by the amortization of deferred gains recorded upon termination of interest rate swap contracts.
at october 31, 2021, our headcount was approximately 17,000 compared to 16,400 in 2020.
other income (expense), net for the year ended october 31, 2021, other income (expense), net includes income of $7 million related to the provision of site service costs to, and lease income from, keysight technologies, inc. ("keysight"). the costs associated with these services are reported within income from operations. other income (expense), net includes a $17 million loss on extinguishment of debt and net gains on the fair value of equity securities of approximately $98 million.
for the year ended october 31, 2020, other income (expense), net includes income of $12 million related to the provision of site service costs to, and lease income from, keysight. the costs associated with these services are reported within income from operations. other income (expense), net also includes net gains on the fair value of equity securities of approximately $27 million and income of $22 million related to the settlement of our legal claim against twist bioscience corporation.
for the year ended october 31, 2019, other income (expense), net includes income of $12 million related to the provision of site service costs to, and lease income from, keysight and $9 million loss on the extinguishment of debt.
income taxes years ended october 31,
2021                                                       2020                      2019
(in millions)
provision (benefit) for income taxes         $150                      $123                      $(152)
for 2021, our income tax expense was $150 million with an effective tax rate of 11 percent. for the year ended october 31, 2021, our effective tax rate and the resulting provision for income taxes were impacted by the discrete benefit of $93 million related to the release of tax reserves in various jurisdictions due to audit settlements and the expiration of statutes of limitations. the income taxes for the year ended october 31, 2021 also include the excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation of $29 million.
for 2020, our income tax expense was $123 million with an effective tax rate of 14.6 percent. for the year ended october 31, 2020, our effective tax rate and the resulting provision for income taxes were impacted by foreign income taxed at lower rates.
for 2019, our income tax benefit was $152 million with an effective tax rate of (16.5) percent. for the year ended october 31, 2019, our effective tax rate and the resulting provision for income taxes were significantly impacted by the discrete benefit of $299 million related to the extension of the company's tax incentive in singapore.
we have negotiated a tax holiday in singapore. the tax holiday provides a lower rate of taxation on certain classes of income and requires various thresholds of investments and employment or specific types of income. in december 2018, the tax holiday in singapore was renegotiated and extended through 2027. as a result of the incentive, the impact of the tax holiday decreased income taxes by $35 million, $71 million, and $368 million in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. the benefit of the tax holiday on net income per share (diluted) was approximately $0.11, $0.23, and $1.16 in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. of the $1.16 benefit of the tax incentives on net income per share (diluted) in 2019, $0.94 of the benefit relates to one-time items from the extension of the company's tax incentive in singapore.
with these jurisdictions and the u.s., it is reasonably possible that there could be significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months due to either the expiration of a statute of limitation or a tax audit settlement which will be partially offset by an anticipated tax liability related to unremitted foreign earnings, where applicable. given the number of years and numerous matters that remain subject to examination in various tax jurisdictions, management is unable to estimate the range of possible changes to the balance of our unrecognized tax benefits.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. although the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes the use of a recognition and measurement model, the determination of whether an uncertain tax position has met those thresholds will continue to require significant judgment by management. in accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, for all u.s. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. the ultimate resolution of tax uncertainties may differ from what is currently estimated, which could result in a material impact on income tax expense. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would be required. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary.
segment overview through october 31, 2021, we have three business segments comprised of the life sciences and applied markets business, diagnostics and genomics business and the agilent crosslab business.
life sciences and applied markets our life sciences and applied markets business provides application-focused solutions that include instruments and software that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the physical and biological properties of substances and products, as well as enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the molecular and cellular level. key product categories include: liquid chromatography ("lc") systems and components; liquid chromatography mass spectrometry ("lcms") systems; gas chromatography ("gc") systems and components; gas chromatography mass spectrometry ("gcms") systems; inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry ("icp-ms") instruments; atomic absorption ("aa") instruments; microwave plasma-atomic emission spectrometry ("mp-aes") instruments; inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry ("icp-oes") instruments; raman spectroscopy; cell analysis plate based assays; flow cytometer; real-time cell analyzer; cell imaging systems; microplate reader; laboratory software for sample tracking; information management and analytics; laboratory automation and robotic systems; dissolution testing; vacuum pumps and measurement technologies.
net revenue years ended october 31,                                                     2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
2021                              2020                        2019
(in millions)
net revenue       $2,823                      $2,392                      $2,302                         18%                            4%
life science and applied markets business revenue in 2021 increased 18 percent compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 2 percentage points in 2021 when compared to the same period last year. geographically, revenue increased 21 percent in the americas with no currency impact, increased 22 percent in europe with a 5 percentage point favorable currency impact and increased 14 percent in asia pacific with a 3 percentage point favorable currency impact. in 2021, revenue increases were broad based across our portfolio driven primarily by liquid chromatography, liquid chromatography mass spectrometry, cell analysis and spectroscopy products when compared to the same period last year.
end market revenue performance in 2021 was mixed with pharmaceutical, chemical and energy, diagnostics and clinical and food markets delivering strong results, academia and government delivering moderate results and forensics and environmental markets delivering modest results. the revenue growth in the pharmaceutical end market was driven by liquid chromatography, liquid chromatography mass spectrometry and cell analysis products led by broad based strength across all regions. revenue growth in the chemical and energy market was mainly driven by strength in spectroscopy, vacuum, gas chromatography, and gas chromatography mass spectrometry products with broad based strength across regions. revenue growth in the food and diagnostics and clinical markets was across all products and regions. revenue growth in the academia and government end market was moderate with strong growth in cell analysis partially offset by declines in gas phase mass spectrometry and spectroscopy products. environmental and forensics delivered modest growth with vacuum products delivering strong growth and the rest of the products delivering modest results.
life science and applied markets business revenue in 2020 increased 4 percent compared to 2019. foreign currency movements for 2020 had no overall impact on revenue growth when compared to 2019. acquisitions had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 7 percentage points when compared to 2019. geographically, revenue increased 13 percent in the americas with a 1 percentage point unfavorable currency impact, decreased 2 percent in europe with no currency impact and increased 1 percent in asia pacific with no currency impact. in 2020, revenue increases in our automation, liquid chromatography mass spectrometry and cell analysis products from our acquisitions, primarily in the americas, were partially offset by declines in other parts of the portfolio when compared to the same period last year.
end market revenue performance in 2020 was mixed with academia and government and diagnostics and clinical markets delivering strong growth and the pharmaceutical and food markets delivering moderate growth which was partially offset by chemical and energy and forensics and environmental markets. in 2020, despite the unfavorable impact from covid-19, revenue growth in the academia and government and pharmaceutical and diagnostics and clinical markets was primarily driven by strong performance of our cell analysis products from the lionheart technologies llc ("biotek") acquisition. the growth in the diagnostics and clinical business was also due to the strength in liquid phase mass spectrometry and cell analysis products.
looking forward, despite short term uncertainties and the adverse effects of the covid-19 pandemic, we are optimistic about our long-term growth opportunities in the life sciences and applied markets as our broad portfolio of products and solutions are well suited to address customer needs. we anticipate growth from our new product introductions and acquisitions in the last couple of years as we continue to invest in expanding and improving our applications and solutions portfolio. while we anticipate volatility in our markets, we expect continued growth across most end markets in the long term.
gross margin and operating margin the following table shows the life sciences and applied markets business' margins, expenses and income from operations for 2021 versus 2020, and 2020 versus 2019.
years ended october 31,       2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
2021                                                                       2020                      2019
(in millions, except margin data)
total gross margin                           59.8   %                  59.2   %                  61.0   %               1 ppt.                     (2) ppts.
research and development                     $246                      $219                      $216                      12%                            1%
selling, general and administrative          $721                      $650                      $646                      11%                            1%
operating margin                             25.6   %                  22.9   %                  23.5   %              3 ppts.                      (1) ppt.
income from operations                       $722                      $548                      $542                      32%                            1%
gross margin increased 1 percentage point in 2021 compared to 2020. gross margin was favorably impacted by higher sales volume which was partially offset by higher wage and variable pay, higher material costs and unfavorable currency impact and hedging losses. gross margin decreased 2 percentage points in 2020 compared to 2019. gross margin declined due to the increased impact of pricing pressures and a net unfavorable impact from currency movements partially offset by favorable product mix and material cost savings.
research and development expenses increased 12 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. research and development expenses increased due to higher wage and variable pay, higher program investments in informatics and cell analysis, unfavorable currency impact and higher share-based compensation expense. research and development expenses increased 1 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. research and development expenses increased due to higher wages and additional expenses related to the biotek acquisition partially offset by lower discretionary spending and favorable impact from foreign currency movements.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 11 percent in 2021 compared to 2020. selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to higher wages and variable pay, higher commissions, higher share-based compensation expense and unfavorable currency movements. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 1 percent in 2020 compared to 2019. selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to higher wages and additional expenses related to the biotek acquisition partially offset by favorable impact from foreign currency movements and lower travel costs.
operating margin increased 3 percentage points in 2021 compared to 2020. operating margin increased due to higher sales volume and favorable impact of currency on revenue which was partially offset by higher wages and variable pay, unfavorable impact of currency on expenses and higher share-based compensation. operating margin decreased 1 percentage point in 2020 compared to 2019. operating margin declined due to additional expenses related to our recent acquisitions and unfavorable gross margin due to pricing pressures partially offset by operational savings and favorable currency impact.
income from operations income from operations in 2021 increased by $174 million or 32 percent when compared to 2020 on a revenue increase of $431 million. the increase in income from operations was primarily due to higher sales volume. income from operations in 2020 increased by $6 million or 1 percent when compared to 2019 on a revenue increase of $90 million. the increase in income from operations was mainly due to the impact of the biotek acquisition.
diagnostics and genomics our diagnostics and genomics business includes the genomics, nucleic acid contract manufacturing and research and development, pathology, companion diagnostics, reagent partnership and biomolecular analysis businesses.
our diagnostics and genomics business is comprised of six areas of activity providing active pharmaceutical ingredients ("apis") for oligo-based therapeutics as well as solutions that include reagents, instruments, software and consumables, which enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the cellular and molecular level. first, our genomics business includes arrays for dna mutation detection, genotyping, gene copy number determination, identification of gene rearrangements, dna methylation profiling, gene expression profiling, as well as next generation sequencing ("ngs") target enrichment and genetic data management and interpretation support software. this business also includes solutions that enable clinical labs to identify dna variants associated with genetic disease and help direct cancer therapy. second, our nucleic acid solutions business provides equipment and expertise focused on production of synthesized oligonucleotides under pharmaceutical good manufacturing practices ("gmp") conditions for use as api in an emerging class of drugs that utilize nucleic acid molecules for disease therapy. third, our pathology solutions business is focused on product offerings for cancer diagnostics and anatomic pathology workflows. the broad portfolio of offerings includes immunohistochemistry ("ihc"), in situ hybridization ("ish"), hematoxylin and eosin ("h&e") staining and special staining. fourth, we also collaborate with a number of major pharmaceutical companies to develop new potential tissue and liquid-based pharmacodiagnostics, also known as companion diagnostics, which may be used to identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. fifth, the reagent partnership business is a provider of reagents used for turbidimetry and flow cytometry. finally, our biomolecular analysis business provides complete workflow solutions, including instruments, consumables and software, for quality control analysis of nucleic acid samples.  samples are analyzed using quantitative and qualitative techniques to ensure accuracy in further genomics analysis techniques utilized in clinical and life science research applications.
net revenue years ended october 31,                                                     2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
2021                              2020                        2019
(in millions)
net revenue       $1,296                      $1,047                      $1,021                         24%                            2%
diagnostics and genomics business revenue increased 24 percent in 2021 compared to 2020. foreign currency movements for 2021 had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 3 percentage points when compared to the same period last year. geographically, revenue increased 35 percent in the americas with a 1 percentage point favorable currency impact, increased 12 percent in europe with a 5 percentage point favorable currency impact and increased 16 percent in asia pacific with a 2 percentage point favorable currency impact. the increase in the americas was driven by strong performance in our nucleic acid solutions and genomics portfolios. in europe, we saw strong demand for our genomics solutions as well as an increase in our companion diagnostics and pathology businesses. in asia pacific, revenue growth was driven by our pathology and genomics product portfolios.
in 2021 revenue performance in the diagnostics and genomics business was led by double-digit revenue growth in our nucleic acid solutions, pathology and genomics businesses. the broad-based growth in the genomics product portfolio was driven by our next generation sequencing quality control product portfolio. pathology testing volume returning to pre-pandemic levels drove strong growth throughout all pathology product families. all key end markets had revenue increases when compared to 2020.
diagnostics and genomics business revenue in 2020 increased 2 percent compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019. geographically, revenue increased 2 percent in the americas with no currency impact, increased 1 percent in europe with no currency impact and increased 7 percent in asia pacific with no currency impact. the increase in the americas was driven by strong performance in the nucleic acid solutions and reagent partnership businesses. revenue growth in the americas was partly offset by a decline in the pathology and genomics business driven by the covid-19 related reduction in routine and cancer testing, as well as the closure of academic and research laboratories. in europe, strong revenue from our biomolecular analysis business was partially offset by the covid-19 related declines from our genomics business. in asia pacific, revenue growth was driven by the pathology and biomolecular analysis businesses.
in 2020 revenue performance in the diagnostics and genomics business was led by strong revenue growth in the nucleic acid solutions and biomolecular analyses businesses. this was partly offset by a covid-19 related reduction in routine and cancer testing, as well as the closure of most academic and research laboratories. the diagnostics and clinical research end markets remain strong long-term and growing driven by an aging population and lifestyle developments such as poor diet and physical inactivity.
looking forward, we are optimistic about our long-term growth opportunities in our end markets and continue to invest in expanding and improving our applications and solutions portfolio. we remain positive about our growth in our end markets as our product portfolio around omnis, pd-l1 assays and surefish continues to gain strength with our customers in clinical oncology applications, and our next generation sequencing target enrichment solutions continue to be adopted. market demand in the nucleic acid solutions business related to therapeutic oligo programs continues, and with our newly opened and planned extension of our nucleic acid solutions production facility in frederick, colorado, we are well positioned to serve more of the market demand. the acquisition of resolution bioscience will expand our capabilities in ngs-based cancer diagnostics and provide innovative technology to further serve the needs of the fast-growing precision medicine market. we will continue to invest in research and development and seek to expand our position in developing countries and emerging markets.
gross margin and operating margin the following table shows the diagnostics and genomics business' margins, expenses and income from operations for 2021 versus 2020, and 2020 versus 2019.
years ended october 31,       2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
2021                                                                       2020                      2019
(in millions, except margin data)
total gross margin                           52.8   %                  51.9   %                  54.7   %               1 ppt.                      (3) ppts research and development                     $128                      $114                      $125                      12%                          (9)%
selling, general and administrative          $283                      $238                      $248                      19%                          (4)%
operating margin                             21.0   %                  18.3   %                  18.2   %              3 ppts.                             -
income from operations                       $273                      $192                      $185                      42%                            3%
gross margin increased 1 percentage point in 2021 when compared to 2020. gross margin increased due to higher sales volume more than offsetting higher wages, variable pay, inventory charges and logistics expenses. gross margin decreased 3 percentage points in 2020 when compared to 2019. gross margin was impacted by unfavorable product mix and higher fixed costs related to the new manufacturing facility in frederick, colorado, partially offset by lower period and travel costs.
research and development expenses increased 12 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. research and development expenses included higher program investments related to satisfying regulatory requirements such as the eu ivdr guidelines, wages and variable pay, and additional expenses related to our recent acquisition which were partially offset by the shutdown of the sequencer development program in 2020. research and development expenses decreased 9 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. research and development expenses decreased due to the shutdown of our sequencer development program and a reduction in discretionary expenditures including travel costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 19 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to higher commissions, share based compensation expenses, higher wages and variable pay. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 4 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased due to a reduction in discretionary expenditures including travel costs partially offset by an increase in wages.
operating margin increased 3 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020. operating margin improved as revenue growth more than offset the increase in commissions, wages and variable pay. operating margin was flat in 2020 when compared to 2019. operating margin was aided by savings in operating expenses which were offset by gross margin decline.
income from operations income from operations in 2021 increased by $81 million or 42 percent when compared to 2020 on a revenue increase of $249 million. income from operations increased due to strong sales performance. income from operations in 2020 increased by $7 million or 3 percent when compared to 2019 on a revenue increase of $26 million. the increase was driven by gains from higher volume and lower operating expenses more than offsetting the gross margin percentage decline.
agilent crosslab the agilent crosslab business spans the entire lab with its extensive consumables and services portfolio, which is designed to improve customer outcomes. most of the portfolio is vendor neutral, meaning agilent can serve and supply customers regardless of their instrument purchase choices. solutions range from chemistries and supplies to services and software helping to connect the entire lab. key product categories in consumables include gc and lc columns, sample preparation products, custom chemistries, and a large selection of laboratory instrument supplies. services include startup, operational, training and compliance support, software as a service, as well as asset management and consultative services that help increase customer productivity. custom service and consumable bundles are tailored to meet the specific application needs of various industries and to keep instruments fully operational and compliant with the respective industry requirements.
net revenue years ended october 31,                                                     2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
2021                                    2020                        2019
(in millions)
total net revenue       $2,200                      $1,900                      $1,840                         16%                            3%
agilent crosslab business revenue increased 16 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements for 2021 had an overall favorable impact on revenue growth of 4 percentage points when compared to 2020. geographically, revenue increased 13 percent in the americas with no currency impact, increased 15 percent in europe with a 6 percentage point favorable currency impact and increased 18 percent in asia pacific with a 5 percentage point favorable currency impact. during the year ended october 31, 2021, the solid growth across the regions reflected consistently high demand for products and services across the entire product portfolio and end markets. revenue growth also reflected last year's weakened sales when many of our customers closed their sites or reduced their operating capacity in response to the covid-19 pandemic.
agilent crosslab business revenue increased 3 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. foreign currency movements had an overall unfavorable impact on revenue growth of 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019. geographically, revenue was flat in the americas with a 1 percentage point unfavorable currency impact, increased 2 percent in europe with a 1 percentage point favorable currency impact and increased 7 percent in asia pacific with a 1 percentage point unfavorable currency impact. as a consequence of the covid-19 related impact on global commerce in 2020, consumable sales growth has been low single digits in comparison to 2019 in most countries excluding china. in addition, the covid-19 related customer site closures have brought a temporary lull in our delivery of on-demand services and installation services, which has been recovering in the latter half of the year as customer labs reopen. consumable sales in china and the contracted service business across most regions have seen solid gains throughout 2020. among our major end markets, the pharmaceutical market and the food market generated the strongest revenue growth when compared to 2019.
looking forward, the agilent crosslab products and services are well positioned to continue their success in our key end markets and with a growing installed base of instruments to support. we have been taking advantage of digital and remote capabilities to offer services and consumables to customers and will continue to do so. geographically, the business is well diversified across all regions to take advantage of local market opportunities and to hedge against weakness in any one region.
gross margin and operating margin the following table shows the agilent crosslab business' margins, expenses and income from operations for 2021 versus 2020 and 2020 versus 2019.
years ended october 31,       2021 over 2020         2020 over 2019 change change
2021                                                                       2020                      2019
(in millions, except margin data)
total gross margin                           52.3   %                  52.2   %                  51.8   %                    -                             -
research and development                      $60                       $58                       $58                       5%                             -
selling, general and administrative          $473                      $417                      $421                      13%                          (1)%
operating margin                             28.1   %                  27.2   %                  25.8   %                1 ppt                         1 ppt income from operations                       $618                      $516                      $475                      20%                            9%
gross margin for products and services was flat in 2021 when compared to 2020. higher volumes and targeted price increases did help elevate margins, but those benefits were offset by higher service delivery costs, higher variable pay and higher hedging losses. gross margin for products and services was relatively flat in 2020 when compared to 2019. gross margin benefited from lower service delivery costs which included travel, parts and labor as well as improved productivity in manufacturing in the consumables business. those operational gains were offset by a net unfavorable impact from currency movements.
research and development expenses increased 5 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. research and development investment within the agilent crosslab business increased due to higher wages and a continued focus on digital service offerings. research and development expenses were relatively flat in 2020 when compared to 2019. the higher wages and variable pay in research and development expenses were offset by lower travel costs and the reduction of other discretionary expenditures.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 13 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to higher wages and variable pay, sales commissions and share-based compensation expense. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 1 percent in 2020 when compared to 2019. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased due to favorable currency movements, reduced travel and training by the sales organization, lower sales commissions, and a reduction in discretionary expenditures which were partially offset by higher wages.
operating margin increased 1 percentage point in 2021 when compared to 2020. operating margin grew slightly in 2021 due to higher sales volume offset by higher wages and variable pay, higher service delivery costs and hedging losses. operating margin increased 1 percentage point in 2020 when compared to 2019. the increase was primarily due to the growth in revenue while lowering service delivery and selling costs and the reduction of discretionary expenditures, partially offset by higher wages.
income from operations income from operations in 2021 increased by $102 million or 20 percent when compared to 2020 on a revenue increase of $300 million. income from operations increased primarily due to higher sales. income from operations in 2020 increased by $41 million or 9 percent when compared to 2019 on a revenue increase of $60 million. the increase was primarily due to the growth in revenue while lowering service delivery and selling costs and the reduction of discretionary expenditures, partially offset by higher wages.
financial condition liquidity and capital resources we believe our cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and credit lines will satisfy, for at least the next twelve months, our liquidity requirements, both globally and domestically, including the following: working capital needs, capital expenditures, business acquisitions, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations. our sources and uses of cash were not materially impacted by covid-19 to date. we have not identified any material liquidity concerns as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. we will continue to monitor and assess the impact covid-19 may have on our business and financial results.
economic stimulus legislation was passed in many countries in response to covid-19. in march 2020 in the u.s., the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act ("cares act") was enacted to provide for tax relief and government loans, subsidies and other relief for entities in affected industries. in march 2021 in the u.s., the american rescue plan act ("arp act") was enacted. the arp act strengthens and extends certain federal programs enacted through the cares act and other covid-19 relief measures and establishes new federal programs. as of october 31, 2021, the cares act, the arp act and other government benefits outside the u.s. did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
our financial position as of october 31, 2021 consisted of cash and cash equivalents of $1,484 million as compared to $1,441 million as of october 31, 2020.
we may, from time to time, retire certain outstanding debt of ours through open market cash purchases, privately-negotiated transactions or otherwise. such transactions, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors.
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $1,485 million in 2021 as compared to $921 million provided in 2020 and $1,021 million provided in 2019. net cash paid for income taxes was approximately $211 million in 2021 compared to income taxes paid of $361 million, which included a one-time payment of $231 million related to the transfer of intellectual property, in 2020 and $159 million in 2019. for the years ended october 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, other assets and liabilities used cash of $14 million, $182 million and $40 million, respectively. the cash outflow for the year ended october 31, 2021 in other assets and liabilities was primarily due to tax payments and changes in deferred revenue. the cash outflow in the year ended october 31, 2020 was largely the result of increased income tax payments, interest payments on senior notes and changes in deferred revenue. cash outflow for the year ended october 31, 2019 in other assets and liabilities is primarily due to tax payments and interest on senior notes.
in 2021, the change in accounts receivable used cash of $128 million, $107 million in 2020, and $106 million in 2019. days' sales outstanding as of october 31, were 64 days in 2021, 63 days in 2020 and 61 days in 2019. the change in accounts payable provided cash of $64 million in 2021, $2 million in 2020 and $29 million in 2019. cash used in inventory was $136 million in 2021, $68 million in 2020 and $36 million in 2019. inventory days on-hand increased to 98 days in 2021 compared to 93 days in 2020 and increased compared to 97 days in 2019. in the year ended october 31, 2021, we increased our inventory levels to meet our customer needs in response to the covid-19 pandemic and to compensate for long lead time in ordering from our suppliers.
the change in the employee compensation and benefits liability was $112 million for year ended october 31, 2021 compared to cash provided of $29 million in 2020 and $23 million in 2019. this was largely due to an increase in the vacation liability and variable and incentive pay liability. we paid approximately $119 million in 2021 under our variable and incentive pay programs compared to $79 million in 2020 and $118 million in 2019. the decrease in the amount for variable and incentive pay programs paid in 2020 was primarily due to changes made for certain incentive pay programs which were paid annually versus semi-annually as was done in 2019.
we made no contributions to our u.s defined benefit plans in 2021, 2020 and 2019. we contributed $19 million in 2021 and $31 million in 2020 and $21 million 2019 to our non-u.s. defined benefit plans, respectively. we did not contribute to our u.s. post-retirement benefit plans in 2021, 2020 and 2019. our non-u.s. defined benefit plans are generally funded ratably throughout the year. the increase in 2020 mainly related to $12 million additional contribution in the netherlands. our annual contributions are highly dependent on the relative performance of our assets versus our projected liabilities, among other factors. we do not expect to contribute to our u.s. plans and u.s. post-retirement benefit plans during 2022. we expect to contribute $19 million to our non-u.s. defined benefit plans during 2022.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities in 2021 was $749 million and in 2020 was $147 million as compared to net cash used of $1,590 million in 2019.
investments in property, plant and equipment were $188 million in 2021, $119 million in 2020 and $155 million in 2019. our anticipated capital expenditures for fiscal year 2022 will be $300 million. in 2021 we invested $546 million in a business and intangible assets, net of cash acquired for our acquisition of resolution bioscience compared to no acquisitions in 2020 and $1,408 million invested in our acquisition of two businesses in 2019. in 2021 cash used to purchase fair value investments was $22 million compared to $20 million outlay in 2020 and $23 million in 2019.
net cash used in financing activities net cash used in financing activities in 2021 was $696 million compared to $717 million in 2020 and $299 million in 2019.
treasury stock repurchases on november 19, 2018 we announced that our board of directors had approved a new share repurchase program (the "2019 repurchase program") designed, among other things, to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs. the 2019 share repurchase program authorizes the purchase of up to $1.75 billion of our common stock at the company's discretion and has no fixed termination date. the 2019 repurchase program does not require the company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. during the year ended october 31, 2019, we repurchased and retired 10.4 million shares for $723 million under this authorization. during the year ended october 31, 2020, we repurchased and retired 5.2 million shares for $469 million under this authorization. during the year ended october 31, 2021, we repurchased and retired approximately 3.1 million shares for $365 million under this authorization. effective february 18, 2021, the 2019 repurchase program was terminated and replaced by the new share repurchase program. the remaining authorization under the 2019 repurchase plan of $193 million expired on february 18, 2021.
on february 16, 2021 we announced that our board of directors had approved a new share repurchase program (the "2021 repurchase program") designed, among other things, to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs. the 2021 repurchase program authorizes the purchase of up to $2.0 billion of our common stock at the company's discretion and has no fixed termination date. the 2021 repurchase program which became effective on february 18, 2021, replaced and terminated the 2019 repurchase program on that date. the 2021 repurchase program does not require the company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. during the year ended october 31, 2021, we repurchased and retired 3.0 million shares for $423 million under this authorization. as of october 31, 2021, we had remaining authorization to repurchase up to approximately $1.577 billion of our common stock under the 2021 repurchase program.
dividends for the years ended october 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 cash dividends of $236 million, $222 million and $206 million were paid on the company's outstanding common stock, respectively. on november 17, 2021 we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.210 per share of common stock, or approximately $63 million which will be paid on january 26, 2022 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on january 4, 2022. the timing and amounts of any future dividends are subject to determination and approval by our board of directors.
credit facilities on march 13, 2019, we entered into a credit agreement with a group of financial institutions which, as amended, provides for a $1 billion five-year unsecured credit facility that will expire on march 13, 2024 and incremental term loan facilities in an aggregate amount of up to $500 million. on april 21, 2021, we entered into an incremental assumption agreement, pursuant to which the aggregate amount available for borrowing under the revolving credit facility was increased to $1.35 billion and the aggregate amount available for incremental facilities was refreshed to remain at $500 million. as of both october 31, 2021 and 2020, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and we had no borrowings under the incremental facilities. we were in compliance with the covenants for the credit facility during the year ended october 31, 2021.
commercial paper in may 2020, we established a u.s. commercial paper program, under which the company may issue and sell unsecured, short-term promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount not to exceed $1.0 billion with up to 397-day maturities. on june 18, 2021, we increased the authorized maximum amount of notes that may be outstanding to $1.35 billion. at any point in time, the company intends to maintain available commitments under its revolving credit facility in an amount at least equal to the amount of the commercial paper notes outstanding. amounts available under the program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time. the proceeds from issuances under the program may be used for general corporate purposes. as of october 31, 2021, we had no borrowings outstanding under our u.s. commercial paper program. we had borrowings of $75 million outstanding under the u.s. commercial paper program as of  october 31, 2020.
long-term debt
2022 senior notes on september 13, 2012, the company issued an aggregate principal amount of $400 million in senior notes ("2022 senior notes"). the 2022 senior notes were issued at 99.80% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on october 1, 2022, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.20% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on april 1st and october 1st of each year and payments commenced on april 1, 2013.
on january 21, 2021, we redeemed $100 million of the $400 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 2022 senior notes due october 1, 2022. on april 5, 2021, we redeemed the remaining outstanding $300 million of our 2022 senior notes. the total redemption price of approximately $417 million was computed in accordance with the terms of the 2022 senior notes as the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and unpaid interest on the notes being redeemed. during the year ended october 31, 2021, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $17 million in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations. in addition, $1 million of accrued interest, up to but not including the applicable redemption date, was paid. the make-whole premium less partial amortization of previously deferred interest rate swap gain together with the amortization of debt issuance costs and discount was recorded in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations.
2023 senior notes on june 21, 2013, the company issued aggregate principal amount of $600 million in senior notes ("2023 senior notes"). the 2023 senior notes were issued at 99.544% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on july 15, 2023 and bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.875% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on january 15th and july 15th of each year and payments commenced january 15, 2014.
2026 senior notes on september 22, 2016, the company issued aggregate principal amount of $300 million in senior notes ("2026 senior notes"). the 2026 senior notes were issued at 99.624% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on september 22, 2026 and bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.05% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on march 22nd and september 22nd of each year and payments commenced march 22, 2017.
in february 2016, agilent executed three forward-starting pay fixed/receive variable interest rate swaps for the notional amount of $300 million in connection with future interest payments to be made on our 2026 senior notes issued on september 15, 2016. the swap arrangements were terminated on september 15, 2016 with a payment of $10 million, and we recognized this as a deferred loss in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) which is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2026 senior notes. the remaining loss to be amortized related to the interest rate swap agreements at october 31, 2021 was $5 million.
2029 senior notes on september 16, 2019, the company issued an aggregate principal amount of $500 million in senior notes ("2029 senior notes"). the 2029 senior notes were issued at 99.316% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on september 15, 2029, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.75% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on march 15th and september 15th of each year and payments commenced on march 15, 2020.
in august 2019, agilent executed treasury lock agreements for $250 million in connection with future interest payments to be made on our 2029 senior notes issued on september 16, 2019. we designated the treasury lock as a cash flow hedge. the treasury lock contracts were terminated on september 6, 2019 and we recognized a deferred loss of $6 million in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) which is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2029 senior notes. the remaining loss to be amortized related to the treasury lock agreements at october 31, 2021 was $5 million.
2030 senior notes on june 4, 2020, we issued an aggregate principal amount of $500 million in senior notes ("2030 senior notes"). the 2030 senior notes were issued at 99.812% of their principal amount. the 2030 senior notes will mature on june 4, 2030, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.10% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on june 4th and december 4th of each year and payments commenced on december 4, 2020.
2031 senior notes on march 12, 2021, we issued an aggregate principal amount of $850 million in senior notes ("2031 senior notes"). the 2031 senior notes were issued at 99.822% of their principal amount. the 2031 senior notes will mature on march 12, 2031, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.30% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on march 12th and september 12th of each year and payments commenced on september 12, 2021.
off balance sheet arrangements and other our liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on normal ongoing operations of our business and some of which arise from fluctuations related to global economics and markets. our cash balances are generated and held in many locations throughout the world. local government regulations may restrict our ability to move cash balances to meet cash needs under certain circumstances. we do not currently expect such regulations and restrictions to impact our ability to pay vendors and conduct operations throughout our global organization.
contractual commitments our cash flows from operations are dependent on a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, accounts receivable collections, inventory management, and the timing of tax and other payments. as a result, the impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with such factors.
the following table summarizes our total contractual obligations at october 31, 2021 for agilent operations and excludes amounts recorded in our consolidated balance sheet (in millions):
less than one   one to three years         three to five years        more than five years year commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers                      $832          $69                        $-                         $-
other purchase commitments                                                 83          -                          -                          -
retirement plans                                                           19          -                          -                          -
transitional pension contributions to our u.s. 401(k) plan                  3          -                          -                          -
total                                                                    $937          $69                        $-                         $-
commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers.  we purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. during the normal course of business, we issue purchase orders with estimates of our requirements several months ahead of the delivery dates. the above amounts represent the commitments under the open purchase orders with our suppliers that have not yet been received. however, our agreements with these suppliers usually provide us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed. we expect to fulfill most of our purchase commitments for inventory within one year.
other purchase commitments. we have categorized "other purchase commitments" related to contracts with professional services suppliers. typically, we can cancel contracts with professional services suppliers without penalties. for those contracts that are not cancelable without penalties, there are termination fees and costs or commitments for continued spending that we are obligated to pay to a supplier under each contact's termination period before such contract can be cancelled. our contractual obligations with these suppliers under "other purchase commitments" were approximately $83 million. approximately $22 million of the penalties for the new contracts will reduce over the next 12 years.
retirement plans.  commitments under the retirement plans relate to expected contributions to be made to our u.s. and non-u.s. defined benefit plans and to our post-retirement medical plans for the next year only. contributions after next year are impractical to estimate. effective may 1, 2016 until april 30, 2022, we will provide an additional transitional company contribution for certain eligible employees equal to 3 percent, 4 percent or 5 percent of an employee's annual eligible compensation due to the u.s. retirement plan benefits being frozen.
we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements as of october 31, 2021 or october 31, 2020.
on balance sheet arrangements the following table summarizes our total contractual obligations on our october 31, 2021 balance sheet (in millions):
less than one                       one to three years                 three to five years                more than five years year senior notes            $-                                       $600                                $300                              $1,850
interest expense        76                                        129                                 106                                 171
transition tax          -                                          36                                  88                                   -
operating leases        55                                         71                                  25                                  48
total                   $131                                     $836                                $519                              $2,069
other long-term liabilities as of october 31, 2021 and october 31, 2020 include $241 million and $323 million, respectively, related to long-term income tax liabilities. of these amounts, $117 million and $199 million related to uncertain tax positions as of october 31, 2021 and october 31, 2020, respectively. we are unable to accurately predict when these amounts will be realized or released. however, it is reasonably possible that there could be significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months due to either the expiration of a statute of limitations or a tax audit settlement. the remaining $124 million included in other long-term liabilities relates to the one-time transition tax payable.
