item  1a.    risk factors.
an investment in bd involves a variety of risks and uncertainties. the following describes some of the material risks that could adversely affect bd's business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. we may also be adversely impacted by other risks not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial.
business, economic and industry risks we are subject to risks associated with public health threats, including the covid-19 pandemic, which has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business. the nature and extent of future impacts are highly uncertain and unpredictable.
we are subject to risks associated with public health threats, including epidemics and pandemics such as the covid-19 pandemic. the outbreak of covid-19 in 2020 and the travel restrictions, quarantines and other actions taken by governments and the private sector to slow the spread of the virus resulted in a global economic slowdown, and caused healthcare systems to divert resources to manage the pandemic. these measures led to unprecedented restrictions on and disruptions in businesses and personal activities. as a result, we experienced significant reductions in the demand for certain of our products due to reductions in elective and non-essential procedures, lower utilization of routine testing and related specimen collection, reduced capital spend by customers and a decrease in research activity due to laboratory closures and reduced clinical testing. any resurgences in covid-19 infections or new strains of the virus could result in the imposition of new governmental lockdowns, quarantine requirements or other restrictions to slow the spread of the virus, or the deferral of elective medical procedures, which could weaken demand for certain of our products. these measures could include determinations that our or our suppliers' facilities are not essential businesses that could result in closures or other restrictions that significantly disrupt our operations or those of distributors or suppliers in our supply chain. while covid-19 case volumes have decreased in the u.s and certain other countries, the global outlook remains uncertain as case counts fluctuate and vaccination rates remain relatively low in many parts of the world. going forward, medical procedure rates may vary by country based on regional covid-19 infection and vaccination rates, hospital occupancy and staffing levels, transportation limitations, quarantines and other restrictions, and the emergence of new covid-19 variants.
in addition, the covid-19 pandemic has impacted our global supply chain network, and we may experience disruptions or delays in shipments of certain materials or components used in our products. we have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant challenges to our global transportation channels and other aspects of the global supply chain network, including to the cost and availability of raw materials and components due to shortages and resulting cost inflation. any such delays or shortages may result in our inability to meet customer demand for our products and as covid-19 conditions improve, there may be unpredictable increases in demand for certain of our products, which may pose challenges to our supply chain and could adversely affect our business. while utilization rates for most of our products have largely recovered to pre-pandemic levels, future deferrals of elective medical procedures and/or the imposition of new governmental restrictions due to resurgences in covid-19 infections or new strains of the virus may weaken demand for certain of our products and/or disrupt our operations. in addition, in response to the pandemic, we developed and launched multiple products for the detection and identification of covid-19, including tests for our bd maxtm molecular system and bd veritortm plus system, and there are a number of factors, including the rate of vaccination and the availability of competitive products, that could impact the level of demand and pricing for our covid-19 diagnostics testing.
additionally, on september 9, 2021, president biden issued an executive order requiring all employers with u.s. government contracts to require that their u.s.-based employees, contractors, and certain subcontractors, that work on or in support of u.s. government contracts, are fully vaccinated as set forth in the executive order, except for any employees with a medical or religious exemption. as a u.s. government contractor, we are required to comply with the executive order. the implementation of these requirements may result in employee attrition, which could be material as a substantial number of our manufacturing and distribution center employees are based in areas of the country where vaccination rates are below the national average. if we were to lose employees, it may be difficult or very costly in the current competitive labor market to find and recruit replacement employees, and this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. furthermore, on september 9, 2021, president biden announced that he has directed the department of labor's occupational safety and health administration ("osha") to develop an emergency temporary standard ("ets") mandating either the full vaccination or weekly testing of employees for employers with 100 or more employees. on november 4, 2021, osha issued the ets, which requires employers with 100 or more employees to develop, implement and enforce a mandatory covid-19 vaccination policy, unless they adopt a policy requiring employees to choose to either be vaccinated or undergo regular covid-19 testing and wear a face covering at work. the ets and the executive order are effective as of january 4, 2022. on november 12, 2021, the u.s. court of appeals for the fifth circuit granted a motion to stay osha's ets and ordered that osha take no further steps to implement or enforce the ets until a further court order. due to the pending litigation, osha has suspended activities related to the implementation and enforcement of the ets pending future developments. it is currently not possible to predict with certainty the impact the executive order or osha's ets will have on our workforce. additional vaccine mandates may also be implemented in other jurisdictions in which we operate.
the scope and duration of the pandemic, including future resurgences globally, the pace at which government restrictions are lifted or whether additional actions may be taken to contain the virus, the global vaccination rate, the speed and extent to which global markets and utilization rates for our products fully recover from the disruptions caused by the pandemic, and the impact of these factors on our business, financial condition and results of operations, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence.
to the extent covid-19 adversely affects our operations and global economic conditions more generally, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein.
a downturn in economic conditions could adversely affect our operations.
deterioration in the domestic or international economic environment, particularly in emerging markets and countries with government-sponsored healthcare systems, may cause decreased demand for our products and services and increased competition, which could result in lower sales volume and lower prices for our products, longer sales cycles, and slower adoption of new technologies. a weakening of macroeconomic conditions may also adversely affect our suppliers, which could result in interruptions in supply. we have previously experienced delays in collecting government receivables in certain countries in western europe due to economic conditions, and we may experience similar delays in the future in these and other countries or regions experiencing financial problems.
the medical technology industry is very competitive.
we are a global company that faces significant competition from a wide range of companies. these include large medical device companies with multiple product lines, some of which may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, as well as firms that are more specialized than we are with respect to particular markets or product lines. non-traditional entrants, such as technology companies, are also entering into the healthcare industry, some of which may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do. we face competition across all our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold on the basis of product features, clinical or economic outcomes, product quality, availability, price, services and other factors. our ability to compete is also impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as increased demand for more environmentally-friendly products and for products incorporating digital capabilities, as well as changes in the ways health care services are delivered (including the transition of more care from acute to non-acute settings and increased focus on chronic disease management). cost containment efforts by governments and the private sector are also resulting in increased emphasis on products that reduce costs, improve clinical results and expand patient access. our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we meet these changing market demands in terms of our product offerings and marketing approaches.
the medical technology industry is also subject to rapid technological change and discovery and frequent product introductions. the development of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies (such as needle-free injection technology) that provide better features, pricing, clinical outcomes or economic value may render our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. in some instances, competitors, including pharmaceutical companies, also offer, or are attempting to develop, alternative therapies for disease states that may be delivered without a medical device. lower cost producers have also created pricing pressure, particularly in developing markets.
the medical technology industry has also experienced a significant amount of consolidation, resulting in companies with greater scale and market presence than bd. traditional distributors are also manufacturers of medical devices, providing another source of competition. in addition, health care systems and other providers are consolidating, resulting in greater purchasing power for these companies. as a result, competition among medical device suppliers to provide goods and services has increased. group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks have also served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has led to downward pricing pressure for medical device suppliers. further consolidation in the industry could intensify competition among medical device suppliers and exert additional pressure on the demand for and prices of our products.
we are subject to foreign currency exchange risk.
a substantial amount of our revenues are derived from international operations, and we anticipate that a significant portion of our sales will continue to come from outside the u.s. in the future. the revenues we report with respect to our operations outside the united states may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. a discussion of the financial impact of exchange rate fluctuations and the ways and extent to which we may attempt to address any impact is contained in item 7. management's discussion of financial condition and results of operations. any hedging activities we engage in may only offset a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. we cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the degree to which we can mitigate these risks.
changes in reimbursement practices of third-party payers or other cost containment measures could affect the demand for our products and the prices at which they are sold.
our sales depend, in part, on the extent to which healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed by government authorities (including medicare, medicaid and comparable foreign programs) and private insurers for the costs of our products. the coverage policies and reimbursement levels of third-party payers, which can vary among public and private sources and by country, may affect which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay for those products in a particular jurisdiction. reimbursement rates can also affect the market acceptance rate of new technologies and products. reforms to reimbursement systems in the united states or abroad, changes in coverage or reimbursement rates by private payers, or adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of these systems could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using our products or result in denial of reimbursement for those products, which would adversely affect customer demand or the price customers are willing to pay for such products. see "third-party reimbursement" under item 1. business.
initiatives to limit the growth of healthcare costs in the u.s. and other countries where we do business may also put pressure on medical device pricing. in the u.s., these include, among others, value-based purchasing and managed care arrangements. governments in china and other countries are also using various mechanisms to control healthcare expenditures, including increased use of competitive bidding and tenders, and price regulation.
our future growth is dependent in part upon the development of new products, and there can be no assurance that such products will be developed.
a significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on innovation and new product development. new product development requires significant investment in r&d, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. the results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products and technologies, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the united states and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection, and gain and maintain market acceptance of our products. in addition, patents attained by others can preclude or delay our commercialization of a product. there can be no assurance that any products now in development or that we may seek to develop in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance.
our international operations subject us to certain business risks.
a substantial amount of our sales come from our operations outside the united states, and we intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in foreign markets, especially in emerging markets. our foreign operations subject us to certain risks relating to, among other things, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange (discussed above), local political conditions, general economic conditions such as inflation, deflation, interest rate volatility and credit availability, competition from local companies, increases in trade protectionism, u.s. relations with the governments of the foreign countries in which we operate, foreign regulatory requirements or changes in such requirements, changes in local health care payment systems and health care delivery systems, local product preferences and requirements, longer payment terms for account receivables than we experience in the u.s., difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing foreign operations, changes to international trade agreements and treaties, changes in tax laws, weakening or loss of the protection of intellectual property rights in some countries, and import or export licensing requirements. the success of our operations outside the united states also depends, in part, on our ability to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to, among other things, our production facilities and sales and distribution networks. these and other factors may adversely impact our ability to pursue our growth strategy in these markets.
in addition, our international operations are governed by the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar anti-corruption laws outside the u.s. global enforcement of anti-corruption laws has increased substantially in recent years, with more enforcement proceedings by u.s. and foreign governmental agencies and the imposition of significant fines and penalties. while we have implemented policies and procedures to enhance compliance with these laws, our international operations, which often involve customer relationships with foreign governments, create the risk that there may be unauthorized payments or offers of payments made by employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors. any alleged or actual violations of these laws may subject us to government investigations and significant criminal or civil sanctions and other liabilities, and negatively affect our reputation.
changes in u.s. policy regarding international trade, including import and export regulation and international trade agreements, could also negatively impact our business. the u.s. has imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum as well as on goods imported from china and certain other countries, which has resulted in retaliatory tariffs by china and other countries. additional tariffs imposed by the u.s. on a broader range of imports, or further retaliatory trade measures taken by china or other countries in response, could result in an increase in supply chain costs that we may not be able to offset or that otherwise adversely impact our results of operations.
reductions in customers' research budgets or government funding may adversely affect our business.
we sell products to researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government laboratories and private foundations. research and development spending of our customers can fluctuate based on spending priorities and general economic conditions. a number of these customers are also dependent for their funding upon grants from u.s. government agencies, such as the u.s. national institutes of health ("nih") and agencies in other countries. the level of government funding of research and development is unpredictable. for instance, there have been instances where nih grants have been frozen or otherwise unavailable for extended periods. the availability of governmental research funding may be adversely affected by economic conditions and governmental spending reductions. any reduction or delay in governmental funding could cause our customers to delay or forego purchases of our products.
we need to attract and retain key employees to be competitive.
our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to attract and retain executives and other key employees. competition for experienced employees, particularly for persons with specialized skills, can be intense. additionally, we need qualified managers and skilled employees with technical, manufacturing and distribution experience to operate our business successfully. our ability to recruit and retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location and work environment. from time to time there may be shortages of skilled labor, which may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified employees or lead to increased labor costs. if we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and employees, our business could be adversely affected.
for a further discussion of risks related to the biden administration vaccine mandates, see the above-referenced risk factor, "we are subject to risks associated with public health threats, including the covid-19 pandemic, which has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business. the nature and extent of future impacts are highly uncertain and unpredictable."
operational risks breaches of our information systems could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
we rely on information systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations, including sensitive personal or proprietary information. in addition, some of our products include information systems that collect data regarding patients and patient therapy on behalf of our customers and some connect to our systems for maintenance purposes. our information systems have been subjected to attack via malicious code execution, and cyber- or phishing- attacks, and we have experienced instances of unauthorized access to our systems in the past and expect to be subject to similar cyberattacks in the future. in addition to our own information, in the course of doing business, we sometimes store information with third parties that could be subject to attacks.
cyberattacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being accessed, destroyed or stolen, which could adversely affect our competitive position in the market. likewise, we could suffer disruption of our operations and other significant negative consequences, including increased costs for security measures or remediation, diversion of management attention, litigation and damage to our relationships with vendors, business partners and customers. unauthorized tampering, adulteration or interference with our products may also create issues with product functionality that could result in a loss of data, risk to patient safety, and product recalls or field actions. cyberattacks could result in unauthorized access to our systems and products, which could also impact our compliance with privacy and other laws and regulations and could result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation. while we will continue to dedicate significant resources to protect against unauthorized access to our systems and products, and work with government authorities and third-party providers to detect and reduce the risk of future cyber incidents, cyberattacks are becoming more sophisticated, frequent and adaptive. there can be no assurances that these protective measures will prevent future attacks that could have a material adverse impact on our business.
cost volatility could adversely affect our operations.
our results of operations could be negatively impacted by volatility in the cost of raw materials, components, freight and energy that, in turn, increases the costs of producing and distributing our products. new laws or regulations adopted in response to climate change could also increase energy and transportation costs, as well as the costs of certain raw materials and components. in particular, we purchase supplies of resins, which are oil-based components used in the manufacture of certain products, and any significant increases in resin costs could adversely impact future operating results. increases in oil prices can also increase our packaging and transportation costs. recently, the costs of raw materials, transportation, construction, services, and energy necessary for the production and distribution of our products have increased significantly. while we have implemented cost containment measures, selective price increases and taken other actions to offset these inflationary pressures in our supply chain, we may not be able to completely offset all the increases in our operational costs.
a reduction or interruption in the supply of certain raw materials and components could adversely affect our operating results.
we purchase many different types of raw materials and components used in our products. certain raw materials and components are not available from multiple sources. in addition, for quality assurance, cost-effectiveness and other reasons, certain raw materials and components are purchased from sole suppliers. the price and supply of these materials and components may be impacted or disrupted for reasons beyond our control including supplier shutdowns, transportation delays, inflationary pricing pressures, work stoppages, labor shortages and governmental regulatory actions. we have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant challenges to our global transportation channels and other aspects of the global supply chain network, including to the cost and availability of raw materials and components due to shortages and resulting cost inflation. the u.s. and other governments may enact or use laws and regulations, such as the defense production act or export restrictions, to ensure availability of needed covid-19 testing and vaccination delivery devices. any such action may impact our global supply chain network. while we work with suppliers to ensure continuity of supply and service, no assurance can be given that these efforts will be successful. in addition, due to regulatory requirements relating to the qualification of suppliers, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or without excessive cost. the termination, reduction or interruption in supply of these raw materials and components could adversely impact our ability to manufacture and sell certain of our products, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
interruption of our manufacturing or sterilization operations could adversely affect our business.
we have manufacturing sites all over the world. in some instances, however, the manufacturing of certain of our product lines is concentrated in one or more of our plants. interruption to our manufacturing operations resulting from weather or natural disasters, regulatory requirements or issues in our manufacturing process, equipment failure or other factors, could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products. in some instances, we may not be able to transition manufacturing to other bd sites or a third party to replace the lost production. a significant interruption of our manufacturing operations could result in lost revenues and damage to our relationships with customers.
in addition, many of our products require sterilization prior to sale, and we utilize both bd facilities and third-parties for this process. in some instances, only a few facilities are qualified under applicable regulations to conduct this sterilization. to the extent we or third-parties are unable to sterilize our products, whether due to lack of capacity, regulatory requirements or otherwise, we may be unable to transition sterilization to other sites or modalities in a timely or cost effective manner, or at all, which could have an adverse impact on our operating results.
at a broader level, several states have increased the regulatory requirements associated with the use and emission of ethylene oxide for sterilization. this increased regulation could require bd or sterilization service providers, including providers used by bd, to temporarily suspend operations, limit the use of ethylene oxide or take other actions, which would further reduce the available capacity of third-party providers to sterilize medical devices and health care products. federal agencies may also regulate the use and emission of ethylene oxide. if any such regulatory actions or rulemaking result in the suspension of sterilization operations at bd or at medical device sterilizers used by bd, or otherwise limit the availability of third-party sterilization capacity, this could interrupt or otherwise adversely impact production of certain of our products. see "item 1. business - regulation" for a discussion of the consent order bd entered into with the environmental protection division of the georgia department of natural resources.
our business and operations are subject to risks related to climate change.
the long-term effects of global climate change present risks to our business. extreme weather or other conditions caused by climate change could adversely impact our supply chain and the availability and cost of raw materials and components required for the operation of our business. such conditions could also result in physical damage to products, plants and distribution centers, as well as the infrastructure and facilities of hospitals, medical care facilities and other customers. in addition, regulations intended to limit greenhouse gas emissions, such as taxes on fuel and energy, to mitigate the impacts of climate change may increase, which could increase our operating costs and the costs charged by suppliers. these events could adversely affect our operations and our financial performance.
legal, quality and regulatory risks we are subject to lawsuits.
we are or have been a defendant in a number of lawsuits, including, among others, purported class action lawsuits for alleged antitrust violations and violations of federal securities laws, product liability claims (which may involve lawsuits seeking class action status or seeking to establish multi-district litigation proceedings, including pending claims relating to our hernia repair implant products, surgical continence and pelvic organ prolapse products for women and vena cava filter products), and suits alleging patent infringement. we have also been subject to government subpoenas and civil investigative demands seeking information with respect to alleged violations of law, including in connection with federal and/or state healthcare programs (such as medicare or medicaid), federal contracting requirements and/or sales and marketing practices. a more detailed description of certain litigation to which we are a party is contained in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. we could be subject to additional lawsuits, governmental investigations, subpoenas and civil investigative demands in the future. any such lawsuits, governmental investigations, subpoenas and civil investigative demands could ultimately have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could distract management from the operations of the business.
reserves established for estimated losses with respect to legal proceedings do not represent an exact calculation of our actual liability, but instead represent our estimate of the probable loss at the time the reserve is established. due to the inherent uncertainty of litigation and our underlying loss reserve estimates, additional reserves may be established or current reserves may be significantly increased from time-to-time. also, in some instances, we are not able to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which we are a party. in view of these uncertainties, we could incur charges materially in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, excess liability insurance. any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity.
with respect to certain litigation, we believe that some settlements and judgments, as well as legal defense costs, may be covered in whole or in part under applicable insurance policies with a limited number of insurance companies, or, in some circumstances, indemnification obligations owed to us by other parties. however, amounts recovered under these arrangements may be less than the stated coverage limits or less than otherwise expected and may not be adequate to cover damages and/or costs. in addition, there is no guarantee that insurers or other parties will pay claims or that coverage or indemnity will be otherwise available. also, for certain product liability claims or lawsuits, bd does not maintain or has limited remaining insurance coverage, and we may not be able to obtain additional insurance on acceptable terms or at all that will provide adequate protection against potential liabilities.
we are subject to extensive regulation.
our operations are global and are affected by complex state, federal and international laws relating to healthcare, environmental protection, antitrust, anti-corruption, marketing, fraud and abuse (including anti-kickback and false claims laws), export control, product safety and efficacy, employment, privacy and other areas. violations of these laws can result in criminal or civil sanctions, including substantial fines and, in some cases, exclusion from participation in health care programs such as medicare and medicaid. environmental laws, particularly with respect to climate change and the emission of greenhouse gases, are also becoming more stringent throughout the world, which may increase our costs of operations or necessitate closures of or changes to our manufacturing plants or processes or those of our suppliers, or result in liability to bd. the enactment of additional laws in the future may increase our compliance costs or otherwise adversely impact our operations and financial performance.
we are subject to extensive regulation by the fda pursuant to the federal food, drug and cosmetic act, by comparable agencies in foreign countries, and by other regulatory agencies and governing bodies. most of our products must receive clearance or approval from the fda or counterpart regulatory agencies in other countries before they can be marketed or sold. the process for obtaining marketing approval or clearance may require us to incur significant costs in terms of time and resources, and these costs have been increasing due to increased requirements from the fda and comparable governing bodies for supporting data for submissions. the regulatory process may also require changes to our products or result in limitations on the indicated uses of our products. governmental agencies may also impose new requirements regarding registration, including, but not limited to, labeling or prohibited materials that require us to modify or re-register products already on the market or otherwise impact our ability to market our products in those countries.
following the introduction of a product, these agencies also periodically review our manufacturing processes and product performance. our failure to comply with the applicable good manufacturing practices, adverse event reporting, and other post market requirements of these agencies could delay or prevent the production, marketing or sale of our products and result in delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances, warning letters or consent decrees, closure of manufacturing sites, import bans, seizures or recalls of products, civil or criminal sanctions and damage to our reputation. more stringent oversight by the fda and other agencies in recent years has resulted in increased enforcement activity, which increases our compliance risk.
we are operating under a consent decree with the fda, entered into by carefusion in 2007 and amended in 2009, that affects our alaristm infusion pump business in the united states. we are also currently operating under a warning letter issued by the fda. for more information regarding the consent decree and warning letter, see "regulation" under item 1. business.
as previously disclosed, we are undertaking certain remediation of our bd alaris system, and are currently shipping the product in the u.s., only in cases of medical necessity and to remediate recalled software versions. we will not be able to fully resume commercial operations for the bd alaris system in the u.s. until a 510(k) submission relating to the product has been cleared by the fda. no assurance can be given as to when or if clearance will be obtained from the fda.
in addition, the european union ("eu") has adopted the eu medical device regulation (the "eu mdr") and the in vitro diagnostic regulation (the "eu ivdr"), each of which impose stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of medical devices, including in the area of clinical evidence requirements, quality systems and post-market surveillance. effective may 2021, manufacturers of currently approved medical devices must meet the requirements of the eu mdr for self-certified devices and have until may 2024 to meet the requirements for medical devices with a valid conformity assessment certificate. manufacturers of in vitro diagnostic medical devices have until may 2022 to meet the eu ivdr. complying with and maintaining devices under these regulations requires us to incur significant expenditures. failure to meet these requirements could adversely impact our business in the eu and other regions that tie their product registrations to eu conformity requirements.
we are also subject to complex and frequently changing privacy and data protection laws, rules and regulations in the u.s. as well as in all other regions where bd operates, regarding the collection, use, storage, transfer and other processing of personal information. any actual or perceived noncompliance with these laws, rules and regulations could result in significant consequences for bd, including, among other things, business interruption, sanctions and significant pecuniary fines, regulatory inquiries and investigations, adverse publicity, loss of competitive advantage and customer trust, as well as privacy litigation and civil lawsuits with damages.
the importance of privacy laws, rules and regulations for the healthcare and med-tech industry is constantly growing, since personal data has become an integral part of doing business in our sector, and the legal climate, norms around data sharing, and the definition of meaningful privacy are evolving and becoming more complex worldwide.
for instance, the european general data protection regulation (the "gdpr"), applicable as of 2018 and still one of the strictest and most comprehensive privacy laws in the world, is being continuously enforced, and increasingly heavy fines are now being levied on businesses. fines for noncompliance with the gdpr can amount to up to €20 million or 4% of the total worldwide annual turnover from the preceding financial year (whichever is higher) and may be imposed in conjunction with the exercise of the authority's investigatory and corrective powers. the gdpr's extraterritorial scope makes it applicable to our u.s.-based legal entities whenever our business activities, systems and products process the personal data of eu residents.
privacy laws, rules and regulations are also rapidly developing in other regions. several states in the u.s. have introduced dedicated privacy laws (e.g., california and virginia) or have draft privacy laws in the pipeline, and new privacy and data protection laws have come into effect in relevant countries like china, brazil, india and south korea. these laws impact bd businesses to the extent they rely on the use of personal data and pose the challenge of how to cope with a heterogeneous patchwork of laws, rules, regulations and industry standards while maintaining our global reach.
defects or quality issues associated with our products could adversely affect the results of our operations.
the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices involve certain inherent risks. manufacturing or design defects, component failures, unapproved or improper use of our products, or inadequate disclosure of risks or other information relating to the use of our products can lead to injury or other serious adverse events. these events could lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to our products (either voluntary or as required by the fda or similar governmental authorities in other countries), and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market. a recall could result in significant costs and lost sales and customers, enforcement actions and/or investigations by state and federal governments or other enforcement bodies, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce future demand for our products. personal injuries relating to the use of our products can also result in significant product liability claims being brought against us. in some circumstances, such adverse events could also cause delays in regulatory approval of new products or the imposition of post-market approval requirements.
our operations are dependent in part on patents and other intellectual property assets.
many of our businesses rely on patent, trademark and other intellectual property assets. these intellectual property assets, in the aggregate, are of material importance to our business. we can lose the protection afforded by these intellectual property assets through patent expirations, legal challenges or governmental action. patents attained by competitors, particularly as patents on our products expire, may also adversely affect our competitive position. in addition, competitors may seek to invalidate patents on our products or claim that our products infringe upon their intellectual property, which could result in a loss of competitive advantage or the payment of significant legal fees, damage awards and past or future royalties, as well as injunctions against future sales of our products. we also operate in countries that do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as in the u.s., which could make it easier for competitors to compete with us in those countries. the loss of a significant portion of our portfolio of intellectual property assets may have an adverse effect on our earnings, financial condition or cash flows.
risks relating to our indebtedness we may not be able to service all of our indebtedness.
we depend on cash on hand and cash flows from operations to make scheduled debt payments. however, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations of the combined company and to utilize other methods to make scheduled payments will depend on a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside of our control. there can be no assurance that these sources will be adequate. if we are unable to service our indebtedness and fund our operations, we will be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, seek additional capital, sell assets or refinance our indebtedness. any such action may not be successful and we may be unable to service our indebtedness and fund our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness impose restrictions that may affect our ability to operate our businesses.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various affirmative and negative covenants that may, subject to certain significant exceptions, restrict the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to incur debt and the ability of us and certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, have liens on our property, and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain of our assets to any one person, engage in certain transactions with affiliates and change the nature of our business. in addition, the agreements also require us to comply with certain financial covenants, including financial ratios. our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations and could result in a default and acceleration under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations.
risks relating to the proposed spin-off of the diabetes care business risks relating to proposed spin-off.
on may 6, 2021, we announced our intention to spin off our diabetes care business as a separate publicly traded company to bd's shareholders. the proposed spin-off is intended to be a tax-free transaction for u.s. federal income tax purposes and is expected to be completed in the first half of calendar year 2022, subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including final approval by bd's board of directors and the effectiveness of a registration statement on form 10 filed with the sec.
executing the proposed spin-off will require significant time and attention from bd's senior management and employees, which could disrupt bd's ongoing business and adversely affect financial results and results of operations. the proposed spin-off is also complex, and completion of the proposed spin-off and the timing of its completion will be subject to a number of factors and conditions, including the readiness of the new company to operate as an independent public company and finalization of the capital structure of the new company. unanticipated developments could delay, prevent or otherwise adversely affect the proposed spin-off, including, but not limited to, disruptions in general or financial market conditions, material adverse changes in business or industry conditions, unanticipated costs and potential problems or delays in obtaining various regulatory and tax approvals or clearances. there can be no assurances that bd will be able to complete the proposed spin-off on the terms or on the timeline that was announced, if at all. in addition, if the spin-off is completed, the company may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that are expected to result from the spin-off. further, there can be no assurance that the combined value of the common stock of the two companies will be equal to or greater than what the value of bd's common stock would have been had the proposed spin-off not occurred.
general business risks we cannot guarantee that any of our strategic acquisitions, investments or alliances will be successful.
we seek to supplement our internal growth through strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances. such transactions are inherently risky, and the integration of any newly-acquired business requires significant effort and management attention. the success of any acquisition, investment or alliance may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to properly assess and value the potential business opportunity or to successfully integrate any business we may acquire into our existing business. there can be no assurance that any past or future transaction will be successful.
natural disasters, war and other events could adversely affect our future revenues and operating income.
natural disasters, including the impacts of climate change, hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, fires, earthquakes and floods and other extreme weather events, global health pandemics, war, terrorism, labor disruptions and international conflicts, and actions taken by the united states and other governments or by our customers or suppliers in response to such events, could cause significant economic disruption and political and social instability in the united states and areas outside of the united states in which we operate. these events could result in decreased demand for our products, adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution capabilities, or increase the costs for or cause interruptions in the supply of materials from our suppliers.
item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes presented in this report. within the tables presented throughout this discussion, certain columns may not add due to the use of rounded numbers for disclosure purposes. percentages and earnings per share amounts presented are calculated from the underlying amounts. references to years throughout this discussion relate to our fiscal years, which end on september 30.
company overview description of the company and business segments becton, dickinson and company ("bd") is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products used by healthcare institutions, physicians, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public. the company's organizational structure is based upon three principal business segments, bd medical ("medical"), bd life sciences ("life sciences") and bd interventional ("interventional").
bd's products are manufactured and sold worldwide. our products are marketed in the united states and internationally through independent distribution channels and directly to end-users by bd and independent sales representatives. we organize our operations outside the united states as follows: emea (which includes europe, the middle east and africa); greater asia (which includes countries in greater china, japan, south asia, southeast asia, korea, australia and new zealand); latin america (which includes mexico, central america, the caribbean and south america); and canada. we continue to pursue growth opportunities in emerging markets, which include the following geographic regions: eastern europe, the middle east, africa, latin america and certain countries within greater asia. we are primarily focused on certain countries whose healthcare systems are expanding.
strategic objectives bd remains focused on delivering durable growth and creating shareholder value, while making appropriate investments for the future. bd 2025, our vehicle for value creation, is anchored in three key pillars: grow, simplify and empower. bd's management team aligns our operating model and investments with these key strategic pillars through continuous focus on the following underlying objectives:
grow
•developing and maintaining a strong portfolio of leading products and solutions that address significant unmet clinical needs, improve outcomes, and reduce costs;
•focusing on our core products, services and solutions that deliver greater benefits to patients, healthcare workers and researchers;
•investing in research and development that leads to and expands category leadership, as well as results in a robust product pipeline;
•leveraging our global scale to expand our reach in providing access to affordable medical technologies around the world, including emerging markets;
•supplementing our internal growth through strategic acquisitions in faster growing market segments;
•driving an efficient capital structure and strong shareholder returns.
simplify
•driving operating effectiveness and margin expansion by placing controls on sourcing and transportation costs, as well as by increasing labor productivity and asset efficiencies;
•focusing on cash management in order to improve balance sheet productivity;
•working across our supply chain to reduce environmental impacts;
•creating more resilient operations based on an enterprise-wide renewable energy strategy;
•reducing complexity across our manufacturing network and rationalizing our product portfolio to optimize architecture, portfolio and business processes;
•enhancing our quality and risk management systems;
•simplifying our internal business processes.
empower
•fostering a purpose-driven culture with a focus on positive impact to all stakeholders-customers, patients, employees and communities;
•improving our ability to serve customers and enhance customer experiences through the digitalization of internal processes and go-to-market approaches;
•cultivating an inclusive work environment that welcomes and celebrates diverse talent and perspectives.
in assessing the outcomes of these strategies as well as bd's financial condition and operating performance, management generally reviews forecast data, monthly actual results, including segment sales, and other similar information. we also consider trends related to certain key financial data, including gross profit margin, selling and administrative expense, investment in research and development, return on invested capital, and cash flows.
bd's intention to spin off diabetes care on may 6, 2021, we announced our intention to spin off our diabetes care business as a separate publicly traded company to bd's shareholders. the proposed spin-off is intended to be a tax-free transaction for u.s. federal income tax purposes and is expected to be completed in the first half of calendar year 2022, subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including final approval from bd's board of directors and the effectiveness of a registration statement on form 10. the company believes that as an independent, publicly traded entity, the diabetes care business will be positioned to more effectively allocate its capital and operational resources with a dedicated growth strategy. for further discussion of risks relating to the proposed spin-off of our diabetes care business, see item 1a. risk factors-risks relating to the proposed spin-off of the diabetes care business.
covid-19 pandemic impacts and response a novel strain of coronavirus disease ("covid-19") was officially declared a pandemic by the world health organization in march 2020 and governments around the world have been implementing various measures to slow and control the ongoing spread of covid-19. these government measures, as well as a shift in healthcare priorities, resulted in a significant decline in medical procedures in our fiscal year 2020. demand for our products showed substantial recovery in our fiscal year 2021; however, regional resurgences in covid-19 infections and the emergence of the delta variant continued to impact the demand for certain of our products in our fiscal year 2021. our 2021 revenues reflected a substantial benefit from sales related to covid-19 diagnostic testing on the bd veritortm plus and bd maxtm systems. the factors that affected our revenue growth in fiscal year 2021, including those related to the covid-19 pandemic, are discussed in greater detail further below.
due to the significant uncertainty that exists relative to the duration and overall impact of the covid-19 pandemic, our future operating performance, particularly in the short-term, may be subject to volatility. while non-acute utilization rates for most of our products have largely recovered to pre-pandemic levels, resurgences in covid-19 infections or new strains of the virus may weaken future demand for certain of our products and/or disrupt our operations. we also continue to see challenges posed by the pandemic to global transportation channels and other aspects of our supply chain, including the cost and availability of raw materials, as well as logistical challenges affecting the movement of freight around the globe. the united states and other governments may enact or use laws and regulations, such as the defense production act or export restrictions, to ensure availability of needed covid-19 testing and vaccination delivery devices. any such action may impact our global supply chain network.
the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows is dependent on certain factors including:
•the extent to which resurgences in covid-19 infections or new strains of the virus, including the delta variant, result in future deferrals of elective medical procedures and/or the extent to which the imposition of new governmental lockdowns, quarantine requirements or other restrictions may weaken demand for certain of our products and/or disrupt our operations;
•the degree to which demand and pricing for our covid-19 diagnostics testing solutions continues to be impacted by reduced infection rates, as well as by distribution and utilization of available covid-19 vaccines and the availability of competitive sars-cov-2 diagnostic testing products, which we expect will result in lower covid-19 testing revenues in future periods;
•the degree to which the pandemic has escalated challenges that existed for global healthcare systems prior to the pandemic, such as staffing shortages, including nursing shortages, and budget constraints;
•the continued momentum of the global economy's recovery from the pandemic and the degree of pressure that a weakened macroeconomic environment would put on future healthcare utilization and the global demand for our products.
we remain focused on partnering with governments, healthcare systems, and healthcare professionals to navigate the covid-19 pandemic. this focus includes providing access to our sars-cov-2 diagnostics tests and injection devices for global vaccination campaigns, as well as supplying products and solutions for ongoing care for patients around the world. we have also remained focused on protecting the health and safety of bd employees while ensuring continued availability of bd's critical medical devices and technologies during these unprecedented times.
summary of financial results worldwide revenues in 2021 of $20.248 billion increased 18.3% from the prior-year period, which primarily reflected an increase in volume, including increases attributable to our core products, of approximately 15.3%. revenues in 2021 also reflected a favorable impact from foreign currency translation of approximately 2.7%, as well as a favorable impact from price of approximately 0.3%.
volume in 2021 reflected increased demand for our broad portfolio of products and was driven by the following:
•the medical segment's revenues in 2021 reflected increased demand in the medication delivery solutions, pharmaceutical systems and diabetes care units, which was partially offset by a decline in the medication management solutions unit.
•the life sciences segment's revenues in 2021 reflected growth in both units. growth in the integrated diagnostic solutions unit included approximately $2 billion of revenues driven by covid-19 diagnostic testing primarily on the bd veritortm plus and bd maxtm systems.
•interventional segment revenues in 2021 reflected increased demand in all three units as hospital utilization increased and new product offerings drove higher sales.
we continue to invest in research and development, geographic expansion, and new product programs to drive further revenue and profit growth. we have reinvested over $200 million of the profits from our sales related to covid-19 diagnostic testing into our bd 2025 strategy. our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to expand our core business (including geographical expansion), develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness. as discussed above, current global economic conditions remain relatively volatile due to the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, an inability to increase or maintain selling prices globally could adversely impact our businesses. also, we are experiencing challenges related to global transportation channels and supply chains. these challenges have subjected certain of our costs, specifically raw material and freight costs, to inflationary pressures which have unfavorably impacted our gross profit and operating margins. additional discussion regarding the impacts of these inflationary pressures on our operating results in 2021 is provided further below.
our financial position remains strong, with cash flows from operating activities totaling $4.647 billion in 2021. at september 30, 2021, we had $2.403 billion in cash and equivalents and short-term investments, including restricted cash. we continued to return value to our shareholders in the form of dividends. during fiscal year 2021, we paid cash dividends of $1.048 billion, including $958 million paid to common shareholders and $90 million paid to preferred shareholders. we also repurchased approximately $1.750 billion of our common stock during fiscal year 2021.
each reporting period, we face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our worldwide operations to the u.s. dollar at exchange rates that fluctuate from the beginning of such period. a weaker u.s. dollar, compared to the prior-year period, resulted in a favorable foreign currency translation impact to our revenues and an unfavorable impact to our expenses during 2021. we evaluate our results of operations on both a reported and a foreign currency-neutral basis, which excludes the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. as exchange rates are an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons, we believe the presentation of results on a foreign currency-neutral basis in addition to reported results helps improve investors' ability to understand our operating results and evaluate our performance in comparison to prior periods. foreign currency-neutral ("fxn") information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period-over-period. we use results on a foreign currency-neutral basis as one measure to evaluate our performance. we calculate foreign currency-neutral percentages by converting our current-period local currency financial results using the prior-period foreign currency exchange rates and comparing these adjusted amounts to our current-period results. these results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). results on a foreign currency-neutral basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not measures of performance presented in accordance with u.s. gaap.
results of operations medical segment the following summarizes medical revenues by organizational unit:
2021 vs. 2020                                                                 2020 vs. 2019
(millions of dollars)                           2021   2020                    2019                                    total                  estimated                 fxn change                   total                  estimated                 fxn change change                         fx                                             change                         fx impact                                                                        impact medication delivery solutions             $4,057                   $3,555                  $3,848                  14.1    %                  2.4     %                 11.7     %              (7.6)    %                (1.4)     %                (6.2)     %
medication management solutions            2,432                    2,454                   2,640                 (0.9)    %                  1.4     %                (2.3)     %              (7.1)    %                (0.5)     %                (6.6)     %
diabetes care                              1,160                    1,084                   1,110                   7.0    %                  2.2     %                  4.8     %              (2.4)    %                (1.4)     %                (1.0)     %
pharmaceutical systems                     1,829                    1,588                   1,465                  15.2    %                  4.1     %                 11.1     %                8.4    %                (1.0)     %                  9.4     %
total medical revenues                    $9,479                   $8,680                  $9,064                   9.2    %                  2.4     %                  6.8     %              (4.2)    %                (1.0)     %                (3.2)     %
the medical segment's revenue growth in 2021 was aided by a favorable comparison to 2020, which was impacted by covid-19 pandemic-related declines, particularly in the united states and china. these prior-year pandemic-related declines impacted our medication delivery solutions unit, and to a lesser extent, the diabetes care unit. fiscal year 2021 revenue growth in the medication delivery solutions unit reflected strong demand for our core offerings, including u.s. demand for catheters and vascular care products, as well as strong global demand for syringes resulting from covid-19 vaccination efforts. in the medication management solutions unit, lower revenues in 2021 reflected an unfavorable comparison to 2020, which benefited from global pandemic-related infusion pump orders. growth in the diabetes care unit benefited from the timing of sales, slightly better than expected market demand and a favorable comparison to 2020, which was impacted by pandemic-related declines. the pharmaceutical systems unit's revenue growth in 2021 reflected continued strong growth that is being driven by demand for our pre-filled devices and is enabled by capacity expansion efforts. demand for pre-filled devices is being aided by the vial to pre-filled device conversion for biologics, vaccines, and other injectable drugs.
as previously disclosed, we submitted our 510(k) premarket notification to the fda for the bd alaristm system in april 2021. the 510(k) submission is intended to bring the regulatory clearance for the bd alaristm system up-to-date, implement new features to address the open recall issues and provide other updates, including a new version of the bd alaristm system software that will provide clinical, operational and cybersecurity updates. we are currently shipping the bd alaristm system in the united states, only in cases of medical necessity and to remediate recalled software versions. we will not be able to fully resume commercial operations for the bd alaris systemtm in the united states until a 510(k) submission relating to the product has been cleared by the fda. no assurances can be given as to when or if clearance will be obtained from the fda.
the medication delivery solutions unit's revenues in 2020 reflected an unfavorable impact relating to the covid-19 pandemic due to a decline in healthcare utilization, particularly in the united states, china and europe. as expected, the medication delivery solutions unit's 2020 revenues in china were also unfavorably impacted by a volume-based procurement process which was adopted by several of china's provinces. the medication management solutions unit's revenues in 2020 reflected a hold on u.s. shipments of bd alaristm infusion pumps pending compliance with certain 510(k) filing requirements of the fda. this unfavorable impact was partially offset by international sales of infusion pumps and pandemic-related infusion pump orders placed in the united states with medical necessity certification. fiscal year 2020 revenues in the diabetes care unit were unfavorably impacted by pandemic-related declines in demand and pricing pressures in the united states. the pharmaceutical systems unit's revenues in 2020 reflected continued strength in demand for prefillable products.
medical segment operating income was as follows:
(millions of dollars)                                             2021                     2020                     2019
medical segment operating income                            $2,583                   $2,274                   $2,824
segment operating income as % of medical revenues             27.3   %                 26.2   %                 31.2   %
as discussed in greater detail below, the medical segment's operating income in 2021 was driven by higher gross profit margin. operating income in 2020 was driven by a decline in gross profit margin.
•the medical segment's higher gross profit margin in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily reflected the following:
◦a favorable comparison to 2020, which was unfavorably impacted by increased levels of manufacturing overhead costs that were recognized in the period because of the covid-19 pandemic, rather than capitalized within inventory, and $244 million of net charges recorded in 2020, compared with charges of $56 million in 2021, for estimated future costs within the medication management solutions unit associated with remediation efforts related to alaristm infusion pumps;
◦lower manufacturing costs resulting from continuous improvement projects which enhanced the efficiency of our operations;
◦the unfavorable impacts from foreign currency translation, investments in simplification and other cost saving initiatives, higher raw material and freight costs, as well as product quality remediation expenses.
•the medical segment's lower gross profit margin in 2020 compared with 2019 primarily reflected the following:
◦net charges of $244 million recorded for remediation efforts related to alaristm infusion pumps, as noted above;
◦unfavorable product mix and the increased levels of manufacturing overhead costs that were recognized in the period because of the covid-19 pandemic and unfavorable product mix driven by the decline of sales in china due to the volume-based procurement process noted above;
◦charges of $41 million recorded to write down the carrying value of certain fixed assets, primarily within the medication delivery solutions and pharmaceutical systems units;
◦the favorable impact of lower manufacturing costs resulting from continuous improvement projects which enhanced the efficiency of our operations.
•selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2021 was flat compared with 2020, primarily due to the increase in revenues in 2021, partially offset by higher travel and other administrative costs compared with 2020, which benefited from cost containment measures enacted in response to the covid-19 pandemic. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2020 was slightly lower compared with 2019 primarily due to lower expenses resulting from cost containment measures.
•research and development expense as a percentage of revenues was higher in 2021 compared with 2020 which primarily reflects our commitment to research and development through continued reinvestment into our growth initiatives. research and development expense as a percentage of revenues was higher in 2020 compared with 2019 which reflected the decline in revenues in 2020, as well as our continued commitment to drive innovation with new products and platforms.
•the medical segment's income in 2019 additionally reflected the estimated cumulative costs of a product recall of $75 million recorded within other operating expense, net. the recall related to a product component, which generally pre-dated our acquisition of carefusion in fiscal year 2015, within the medication management solutions unit's infusion systems platform.
life sciences segment the following summarizes life sciences revenues by organizational unit:
2021 vs. 2020                                                                 2020 vs. 2019
(millions of dollars)                           2021   2020                    2019                                    total                  estimated                 fxn change                   total                  estimated                 fxn change change                         fx                                             change                         fx impact                                                                        impact integrated diagnostic solutions           $5,225                   $3,532                  $3,106                  47.9    %                  3.8     %                 44.1     %               13.7    %                (1.4)     %                 15.1     %
biosciences                                1,305                    1,143                   1,194                  14.2    %                  3.1     %                 11.1     %              (4.3)    %                (0.8)     %                (3.5)     %
total life sciences revenues              $6,530                   $4,675                  $4,300                  39.7    %                  3.6     %                 36.1     %                8.7    %                (1.2)     %                  9.9     %
the life sciences segment's revenue growth in 2021 primarily reflected a favorable comparison to 2020, which was significantly impacted by pandemic-related declines in both units. revenue growth in the integrated diagnostic solutions unit was also driven by sales related to covid-19 diagnostic testing on the bd veritortm plus and bd maxtm systems. routine diagnostic testing levels in the integrated diagnostic solutions unit continued to improve over the course of 2021 and the unit benefited from high demand for our specimen management portfolio, automated blood cultures and id/ast testing solutions. the biosciences unit's revenue growth in 2021 benefited from strong demand for instruments and reagents as lab utilization returned to normal levels.
the life sciences segment's revenues in 2020 were driven by the integrated diagnostic solutions unit's sales, specifically in the fourth quarter, related to covid-19 diagnostic testing on the bd veritortm plus and bd maxtm systems. this growth in the integrated diagnostic solutions unit was partially offset by pandemic-related declines in routine diagnostic testing and specimen collections. the biosciences unit's revenues in 2020 reflected a decline in demand for instruments and reagents as routine research and clinical lab activity slowed due to the covid-19 pandemic.
life sciences segment operating income was as follows:
(millions of dollars)                                                   2021                     2020                     2019
life sciences segment operating income                            $2,391                   $1,405                   $1,248
segment operating income as % of life sciences revenues             36.6   %                 30.0   %                 29.0   %
as discussed in greater detail below, the life sciences segment's operating income in 2021 reflected improved gross profit margin and operating expense performance. operating income in 2020 reflected improved operating expense performance, partially offset by a decline in gross profit margin.
•the life sciences segment's higher gross profit margin in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily reflected the following:
◦a favorable impact on product mix from the integrated diagnostic solutions unit's sales related to covid-19 testing and the recovery of demand for other products with higher margins;
◦a favorable comparison to the prior-year period which was unfavorably impacted by increased levels of manufacturing overhead costs that were recognized in the period because of the covid-19 pandemic, rather than capitalized within inventory;
◦the unfavorable impacts of foreign currency translation and the recognition of approximately $93 million of excess and obsolete inventory expenses related to covid-19 testing inventory.
•the life sciences segment's lower gross profit margin in fiscal year 2020 compared with 2019 primarily reflected the following:
◦unfavorable product mix and the increased levels of manufacturing overhead costs that were recognized in the period because of the covid-19 pandemic;
◦a charge of $39 million recorded in 2020 to write down the carrying value of certain intangible assets in the biosciences unit and charges of $17 million recorded in 2020 to write down fixed assets in the integrated diagnostic solutions unit;
◦the favorable impact on product mix from the integrated diagnostic solutions unit's sales related to covid-19 testing.
•selling and administrative expense as a percentage of life sciences revenues in 2021 was lower compared with the 2020 primarily due to the increase in revenues in 2021, partially offset by higher travel and other administrative costs compared with 2020, which benefited from cost containment measures enacted in response to the covid-19 pandemic, as well as higher shipping costs and selling costs in 2021 associated with covid-19 testing solutions. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of life sciences revenues in 2020 was lower compared to 2019 primarily due to the increase in revenues that was attributable to covid-19 testing. lower selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2020 was also driven by cost containment measures and synergies realized from the combination, effective on october 1, 2019, of the former preanalytical systems and diagnostic systems units to create the integrated diagnostic solutions unit.
•research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2021 was lower compared with 2020, primarily due to the increase in revenues in 2021, partially offset by additional investments in covid-19 testing solutions. research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2020 was flat compared with 2019 as the increase in revenues that was attributable to covid-19 testing was largely offset by investments in covid-19 testing solutions.
interventional segment the following summarizes interventional revenues by organizational unit:
2021 vs. 2020                                                                 2020 vs. 2019
(millions of dollars)                        2021   2020                    2019                                    total                  estimated                 fxn change                   total                  estimated                 fxn change change                         fx                                             change                         fx impact                                                                        impact surgery                                $1,296                   $1,121                  $1,242                  15.7    %                  1.3     %                 14.4     %              (9.7)    %                (0.3)     %                (9.4)     %
peripheral intervention                 1,711                    1,511                   1,574                  13.2    %                  3.0     %                 10.2     %              (4.0)    %                (0.9)     %                (3.1)     %
urology and critical care               1,232                    1,130                   1,110                   9.0    %                  1.4     %                  7.6     %                1.8    %                (0.2)     %                  2.0     %
total interventional revenues          $4,239                   $3,762                  $3,926                  12.7    %                  2.0     %                 10.7     %              (4.2)    %                (0.5)     %                (3.7)     %
the interventional segment's revenues in 2021 reflected a favorable comparison to 2020, which was significantly impacted by pandemic-related declines in our surgery and peripheral intervention units. fiscal year 2021 revenue growth in the interventional segment was also driven by stronger market demand for the surgery unit's infection prevention platform and the peripheral intervention unit's oncology products. revenues in the peripheral intervention unit additionally benefited from sales attributable to its acquisition of straub medical ag, which occurred in the third quarter of fiscal year 2020. fiscal year 2021 revenue growth in our surgery and peripheral intervention units was unfavorably impacted by regional resurgences in covid-19 infections and the emergence of the delta variant. the urology and critical care unit's growth in 2021 showed strong demand for acute urology products and the unit's targeted temperature management portfolio.
the interventional segment's revenues in 2020, particularly within the surgery and peripheral intervention units, were negatively impacted by decreased demand associated with the deferral of elective medical procedures as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. pandemic-related revenue declines in the urology and critical care unit were offset by demand for the unit's home care and targeted temperature management businesses, and purewicktm system.
interventional segment operating income was as follows:
(millions of dollars)                                                 2021                   2020                   2019
interventional segment operating income                           $933                   $724                   $903
segment operating income as % of interventional revenues          22.0   %               19.2   %               23.0   %
as discussed in greater detail below, the interventional segment's operating income in 2021 was primarily driven by improved gross profit margin. operating income in 2020 was driven by a decline in gross profit margin.
•the interventional segment's higher gross profit margin in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily reflected the following:
◦the recovery of demand for products with higher margins;
◦a favorable comparison to the prior-year period which was unfavorably impacted by increased levels of manufacturing overhead costs that were recognized in the period because of the covid-19 pandemic, rather than capitalized within inventory.
•the interventional segment's lower gross profit margin in fiscal year 2020 compared with 2019 primarily reflected unfavorable product mix and the increased levels of manufacturing overhead costs that were recognized in the period because of the covid-19 pandemic.
•selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2021 was lower compared with 2020 primarily due the recovery of segment revenues. selling and administrative expense in 2020 was lower compared with 2019 primarily due to lower expenses resulting from cost containment measures.
•research and development expense as a percentage of revenues was higher in 2021 compared with 2020 which primarily reflects reinvestment into our growth initiatives. lower research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2020 as compared with 2019 primarily reflected the prior-period impact of a $30 million write-down recorded by the surgery unit.
•the interventional segment's lower income in 2020 additionally reflected the expiration in 2019 of a royalty income stream acquired in the bard transaction.
geographic revenues bd's worldwide revenues by geography were as follows:
2021 vs. 2020                                                        2020 vs. 2019
(millions of dollars)                  2021   2020                    2019                                    total                  estimated                 fxn change          total                  estimated                 fxn change change                         fx                                    change                         fx impact                                                               impact united states                   $10,969                   $9,716                  $9,730                  12.9    %                    -                       12.9     %     (0.1)    %                    -                      (0.1)     %
international                     9,279                    7,401                   7,560                  25.4    %                  6.2     %                 19.2     %     (2.1)    %                (2.2)     %                  0.1     %
total revenues                  $20,248                  $17,117                 $17,290                  18.3    %                  2.7     %                 15.6     %     (1.0)    %                (1.0)     %                    -     %
u.s. revenue growth in 2021 was primarily driven by sales related to covid-19 diagnostic testing in the life sciences segment's integrated diagnostic solutions unit, as noted above. strong fiscal year 2021 u.s. revenue growth in the medical segment's medication delivery solutions unit and the interventional segment's surgery and peripheral intervention units reflected favorable comparisons to prior-year period results, which were impacted by covid-19 pandemic-related declines, as well as growth attributable to core products. u.s. revenue growth in 2021 also reflected strong demand in the interventional segment's urology and critical care unit.
u.s. revenues in 2020 were relatively flat compared with 2019 as the life sciences segment's integrated diagnostic solutions unit's sales related to covid-19 diagnostic testing largely offset the declines noted above for the medical segment's medication management solutions and medication delivery solutions units, as well as for the interventional segment's surgery and peripheral intervention units.
international revenue growth in 2021 was largely driven by covid-19 diagnostic testing-related sales in the life sciences segment's integrated diagnostic solutions unit, as discussed further above, and by demand in the medical segment's pharmaceutical systems unit. fiscal year 2021 international revenue growth was also driven by results in the medical segment's medication delivery solutions and the interventional segment's peripheral intervention unit due to favorable comparisons to prior-year period results, which were impacted by covid-19 pandemic-related declines, and growth attributable to core products. fiscal year 2021 international revenue growth was unfavorably impacted by a decline in the medical segment's medication management solutions unit, as further discussed above.
international revenues in 2020 were favorably impacted by sales in the medical segment's pharmaceutical systems and medication management solutions units as well as by sales in the life sciences segment's integrated diagnostic solutions unit, as discussed further above. international revenues in 2020 were unfavorably impacted by revenue declines in china and europe for the medical segment's medication delivery solutions unit, as previously discussed.
emerging market revenues were as follows:
2021 vs. 2020                                                          2020 vs. 2019
(millions of dollars)                  2021   2020                    2019                                    total                  estimated                 fxn change            total                  estimated                 fxn change change                         fx                                      change                         fx impact                                                                 impact emerging markets                 $2,866                   $2,419                  $2,710      18.5                %                  2.9     %                 15.6     %      (10.7)    %                (3.6)     %                (7.1)     %
revenues in emerging markets in 2021 benefited from a favorable comparison to 2020 which was impacted by covid-19 pandemic-related declines. revenues in emerging markets in 2020 were unfavorably impacted by a decline in healthcare utilization as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. as previously discussed above, fiscal year 2020 revenues in our medication delivery solutions unit were also unfavorably impacted by a volume-based procurement process which was adopted by several of china's provinces. to date, the impact of these procurement initiatives to our revenues in china has been limited to our medication delivery solutions unit.
specified items reflected in the financial results for 2021, 2020 and 2019 were the following specified items:
(millions of dollars)                                                                  2021                    2020                    2019
integration costs (a)                                                              $135                     $214                    $323
restructuring costs (a)                                                              50                       95                     180
separation and related costs (b)                                                     35                        -                       -
purchase accounting adjustments (c)                                               1,406                    1,356                   1,499
transaction gain/loss, product and other litigation-related matters (d)             272                      631                     646
investment gains/losses and asset impairments (e)                                  (46)                      100                      17
european regulatory initiative-related costs (f)                                    135                      106                      51
impacts of debt extinguishment                                                      185                        8                      54
hurricane recovery-related impacts                                                    -                        -                    (24)
total specified items                                                             2,170                    2,510                   2,749
less: tax impact of specified items and tax reform (g)                              353                      395                     622
after-tax impact of specified items                                              $1,818                   $2,114                  $2,127
(a)represents integration and restructuring costs recorded in acquisitions and other restructurings, which are further discussed below.
(b)represents costs recorded to other operating expense, net which were incurred for consulting, legal, tax and other advisory services associated with the planned spin-off of bd's diabetes care business.
(c)includes amortization and other adjustments related to the purchase accounting for acquisitions impacting identified intangible assets and valuation of fixed assets and debt. bd's amortization expense is primarily recorded in cost of products sold.
(d)includes amounts recorded to other operating expense, net which are detailed further below. the amounts in 2021 and 2020 also included net charges related to the estimate of probable future product remediation costs, as further discussed below. such amounts are recorded within cost of products sold, or in some cases, within other (expense) income, net.
(e)the amount in 2021 reflected unrealized gains recorded within other (expense) income, net relating to investments. the amount in 2020 and 2019 included total charges of $98 million, and $30 million, respectively, recorded in cost of products sold and research and development expense to write down the carrying value of certain assets. the amount in 2019 also included an unrealized gain of $13 million recorded within other (expense) income, net relating to an investment.
(f)represents costs required to develop processes and systems to comply with regulations such as the european union medical device regulation ("eumdr") and general data protection regulation ("gdpr"). these costs were recorded in cost of products sold and research and development expense.
(g)the amount in 2019 included additional tax benefit, net, of $50 million relating to u.s. tax legislation which is further discussed in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
gross profit margin the comparison of gross profit margins in 2021 and 2020 and the comparison of gross profit margins in 2020 and 2019 reflected the following impacts:
2021                                                                                                     2020
gross profit margin % prior-year period                                       44.3   %               47.9   %
impact of purchase accounting adjustments and other specified items            2.7   %              (2.0)   %
operating performance                                                          0.2   %              (1.5)   %
foreign currency translation                                                 (0.6)   %              (0.1)   %
gross profit margin % current-year period                                     46.6   %               44.3   %
the impacts of other specified items on gross profit margin reflected the following:
•the impacts in 2021 and 2020 includes net charges of $56 million and $244 million, respectively, to record estimated future costs within the medication management solutions unit associated with remediation efforts related to bd alaristm infusion pumps. based upon the course of our remediation efforts, our estimate of these future costs may change over time.
•the impact in 2020 also includes $59 million of charges that were recorded to write down the carrying value of certain fixed assets in the medical and life sciences segments, as discussed further above, and a $39 million charge to write down the carrying value of certain intangible assets in the biosciences unit.
operating performance in 2021 and 2020 primarily reflected the following:
•favorable product mix in 2021 was driven by the recovery of demand for products with higher margins and the integrated diagnostic solutions unit's covid-19 testing sales. we re-invested over $200 million of the profits from these sales into our bd 2025 strategy focus on growth, simplification and empowerment. unfavorable product mix in 2020 due to pandemic-related declines was partially offset by the integrated diagnostic solutions unit's sales related to covid-19 testing.
•operating performance in 2021 benefited from a favorable comparison to 2020 which was unfavorably impacted by increased levels of manufacturing overhead costs that were recognized in the period because of the covid-19 pandemic, rather than capitalized within inventory. the higher levels of manufacturing overhead costs incurred in 2020 were driven, to a large extent, by the impact of lower plant utilization in our highly automated manufacturing sites.
•operating performance in 2021 reflected approximately $93 million of excess and obsolete inventory expenses related to covid-19 testing inventory which were recognized by the integrated diagnostic solutions unit.
•lower manufacturing costs resulting from continuous improvement projects and synergy initiatives favorably impacted operating performance in 2021 and 2020. this favorable impact was largely offset by higher raw material costs in 2021.
operating expenses operating expenses in 2021, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
increase (decrease) in basis points
(millions of dollars)                                          2021                     2020                     2019                 2021 vs. 2020                          2020 vs. 2019
selling and administrative expense                       $4,867                   $4,325                   $4,332
% of revenues                                              24.0   %                 25.3   %                 25.1   %                  (130)                                     20
research and development expense                         $1,339                   $1,096                   $1,062
% of revenues                                               6.6   %                  6.4   %                  6.1   %   20                                                       30
acquisitions and other restructurings                      $185                     $309                     $480
other operating expense, net                               $238                     $363                     $654
selling and administrative selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2021 was lower compared with 2020 due to the recovery of revenues in 2021. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2021 was unfavorably impacted by foreign currency translation and higher shipping costs as a result of expedited shipments relating to covid-19, as well as by higher selling, travel and other administrative costs compared with 2020, which benefited from cost containment measures enacted in response to the covid-19 pandemic.
slightly higher selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2020 compared with 2019 reflected the decline in revenues in 2020, higher shipping costs as a result of expedited shipments relating to covid-19, as well as $25 million of funding for the bd foundation. these unfavorable impacts were partially offset by lower selling expenses and favorable foreign currency translation. selling and administrative spending in 2020 reflected a disciplined spending and the achievement of cost synergies resulting from our acquisition of bard, as well as cost containment measures enacted to mitigate the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our results of operations.
research and development research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2021 was higher compared with 2020 which reflected our reinvestment of covid-19 testing-related sales profits into our growth initiatives and additional investments in covid-19 testing solutions, as further discussed above.
research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2020 was higher compared with 2019 primarily due to investments in compliance with emerging regulations and investments in covid-19 testing solutions, as further discussed above. spending in 2021, 2020 and 2019 reflected our continued commitment to invest in new products and platforms. as further discussed above, expenses in 2019 included certain write-down charges in the surgery unit.
acquisitions and other restructurings costs relating to acquisitions and other restructurings in 2021 and 2020 included integration costs incurred due to our acquisition of bard in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. costs in 2021 and 2020 additionally included restructuring costs related to simplification and cost saving initiatives. costs relating to acquisition and other restructurings in 2020 and 2019 also included restructuring costs relating to the bard acquisition. for further disclosures regarding the costs relating to restructurings, refer to note 11 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
other operating expense, net other operating expense in 2021, 2020 and 2019 included the following items which are further discussed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data:
(millions of dollars)                                                                                     2021   2020                                 2019
charges to record product liability reserves, including related defense costs (see note 5)            $361                $378                     $914
gains on sale-leaseback transactions (see note 17)                                                   (158)                -                           -
separation and related costs (a)                                                                        35                -                           -
gain recognized on sale of advanced bioprocessing business (see note 10)                                 -                -                       (336)
charge to record the estimated cost of a product recall in the medical segment                           -                -                          75
other                                                                                                    -                (15)                        -
other operating expense, net                                                                          $238                $363                     $654
(a)represents costs incurred for consulting, legal, tax and other advisory services associated with the planned spin-off of bd's diabetes care business.
net interest expense
(millions of dollars)         2021                             2020                    2019
interest expense              $(469)                      $(528)                  $(639)
interest income               9                                7                      12
net interest expense          $(460)                      $(521)                  $(627)
lower interest expense in 2021 and 2020 compared with the prior-year periods reflected debt repayments and lower overall interest rates on debt outstanding during 2021 and 2020. additional disclosures regarding our financing arrangements and debt instruments are provided in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
income taxes the income tax rates in 2021, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
2021                                                                                               2020   2019
effective income tax rate                                                6.7   %               11.3   %                (4.8)   %
impact, in basis points, from specified items and tax reform           (470)                  (320)                  (1,920)
the effective income tax rate in 2021 reflected the impact of discrete tax items, as well as an impact from specified items in 2021 that was more favorable compared with the benefit associated with specified items in 2020. the impact from specified items in 2020 was less favorable compared with the benefit associated with specified items in 2019. the effective income tax rate in 2019 also reflected a favorable impact relating to the timing of certain discrete items, as well as the recognition of $50 million of tax benefit recorded for the impacts of u.s. tax legislation that was enacted in december 2017. for further disclosures regarding our accounting for this u.s. tax legislation, refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
net income and diluted earnings per share net income and diluted earnings per share in 2021, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
2021                                                                                  2020                    2019
net income (millions of dollars)                         $2,092                    $874                  $1,233
diluted earnings per share                                $6.85                   $2.71                   $3.94
unfavorable impact-specified items                      $(6.22)                 $(7.49)                 $(7.74)
unfavorable impact-foreign currency translation         $(0.05)                 $(0.15)                 $(0.62)
financial instrument market risk we selectively use financial instruments to manage market risk, primarily foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk relating to our ongoing business operations. the counterparties to these contracts are highly rated financial institutions. we do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
foreign exchange risk bd and its subsidiaries transact business in various foreign currencies throughout europe, greater asia, canada and latin america. we face foreign currency exposure from the effect of fluctuating exchange rates on payables and receivables relating to transactions that are denominated in currencies other than our functional currency. these payables and receivables primarily arise from intercompany transactions. we hedge substantially all such exposures, primarily through the use of forward contracts. we have also hedged the currency exposure associated with investments in certain foreign subsidiaries with instruments such as foreign currency-denominated debt and cross-currency swaps, which are designated as net investment hedges, as well as currency exchange contracts. we also face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our worldwide operations, including sales, to the u.s. dollar at exchange rates that have fluctuated from the beginning of a reporting period. we did not enter into contracts to hedge cash flows against these foreign currency fluctuations in fiscal year 2021 or 2020.
derivative financial instruments are recorded on our balance sheet at fair value. for foreign currency derivatives, market risk is determined by calculating the impact on fair value of an assumed change in foreign exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar. fair values were estimated based upon observable inputs, specifically spot currency rates and foreign currency prices for similar assets and liabilities.
with respect to the foreign currency derivative instruments outstanding at september 30, 2021 and 2020, the impact that changes in the u.s. dollar would have on pre-tax earnings was estimated as follows:
increase (decrease)
(millions of dollars)           2021   2020
10% appreciation in u.s. dollar     $(66)                       $(52)
10% depreciation in u.s. dollar       $66                       $52
these calculations do not reflect the impact of exchange gains or losses on the underlying transactions that would substantially offset the results of the derivative instruments.
interest rate risk when managing interest rate exposures, we strive to achieve an appropriate balance between fixed and floating rate instruments. we may enter into interest rate swaps to help maintain this balance and manage debt and interest-bearing investments in tandem, since these items have an offsetting impact on interest rate exposure. for interest rate derivative instruments, fair values are measured based upon the present value of expected future cash flows using market-based observable inputs including credit risk and interest rate yield curves. market risk for these instruments is determined by calculating the impact to fair value of an assumed change in interest rates across all maturities.
the impact that changes in interest rates would have on interest rate derivatives outstanding at september 30, 2021 and 2020, as well as the effect that changes in interest rates would have on our earnings or cash flows over a one-year period, based upon our overall interest rate exposure, were estimated as follows:
increase (decrease) to fair value of interest rate derivatives outstanding            increase (decrease) to earnings or cash flows
(millions of dollars)                             2021   2020                                                              2021                             2020
10% increase in interest rates                    $7                                               $13                                       $-                                              $-
10% decrease in interest rates                  $(7)                                               $(14)                                     $-                                              $-
liquidity and capital resources our strong financial position and cash flow performance have provided us with the capacity to accelerate our innovation pipeline through investments in research and development, as well as through strategic acquisitions. we believe that our available cash and cash equivalents, our ability to generate operating cash flow, and if needed, our access to borrowings from our financing facilities provide us with sufficient liquidity to satisfy our foreseeable operating needs. the following table summarizes our consolidated statement of cash flows in 2021, 2020 and 2019:
(millions of dollars)                  2021              2020                      2019
net cash provided by (used for)
operating activities                   $4,647                          $3,539               $3,330
investing activities                   $(1,880)                      $(1,232)               $(741)
financing activities                   $(3,306)                           $22               $(3,223)
net cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operating activities in 2021 reflected higher net income, which was driven by strong revenue performance, adjusted by a change in operating assets and liabilities that was a net source of cash. this net source of cash primarily reflected higher levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by higher levels of prepaid expenses, inventory and trade receivables. cash flows from operating activities in 2021 additionally reflected a $16 million discretionary cash contribution to fund our pension obligation.
cash flows from operating activities in 2020 reflected net income, adjusted by a change in operating assets and liabilities that was a net source of cash. this net source of cash primarily reflected higher levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses and lower levels of prepaid expenses, partially offset by higher levels of inventory and trade receivables.
cash flows from operating activities in 2019 reflected net income, adjusted by a change in operating assets and liabilities that was a net use of cash. this net use of cash primarily reflected lower levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses and higher levels of inventory, partially offset by lower levels of prepaid expenses. the lower levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses were primarily attributable to cash paid related to income taxes and our product liability matters, as well as the timing and amount of interest payments due in the period. cash flows from operating activities in 2019 additionally reflected $200 million of discretionary cash contributions to fund our pension obligation.
net cash flows from investing activities capital expenditures our investments in capital expenditures are focused on projects that enhance our cost structure and manufacturing capabilities, and support our strategy of geographic expansion with select investments in growing markets. capital expenditures of $1.231 billion, $810 million and $957 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, primarily related to manufacturing capacity expansions. details of spending by segment are contained in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
acquisitions cash outflows for acquisitions in 2021 and 2020 included cash payments relating to various strategic acquisitions we have executed as part of our growth strategy, including our acquisition of tepha, inc. in the fourth quarter of 2021 and our acquisition of straub medical ag in the third quarter of 2020.
divestitures cash inflows relating to divestitures in 2019 were $477 million. for further discussion, refer to note 10 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
net cash flows from financing activities net cash from financing activities in 2021, 2020 and 2019 included the following significant cash flows:
(millions of dollars)                              2021              2020                      2019
cash inflow (outflow)
change in credit facility borrowings               $-                         $(485)                    $485
proceeds from long-term debt and term loans        $4,869                     $3,389                    $2,224
payments of debt and term loans                    $(5,112)                   $(4,664)                  $(4,744)
proceeds from issuances of equity securities       $-                         $2,917                    $-
share repurchases                                  $(1,750)                   $-                        $-
dividends paid                                     $(1,048)                   $(1,026)                  $(984)
additional disclosures regarding the equity and debt-related financing activities detailed above are provided in notes 3 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
debt-related activities certain measures relating to our total debt were as follows:
2021                                                                                    2020                     2019
total debt (millions of dollars)                        $17,610                  $17,931                  $19,390
short-term debt as a percentage of total debt               2.8   %                  3.9   %                  6.8   %
weighted average cost of total debt                         2.4   %                  2.8   %                  2.9   %
total debt as a percentage of total capital (a)            41.0   %                 41.3   %                 45.6   %
(a) represents shareholders' equity, net non-current deferred income tax liabilities, and debt.
the decreases in our total debt at september 30, 2021 and september 30, 2020 reflected repayments and redemptions of certain notes, partially offset by issuances of long-term notes in 2021 and 2020. additional disclosures regarding our debt instruments are provided in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
cash and short-term investments at september 30, 2021, total worldwide cash and equivalents and short-term investments, including restricted cash, were $2.403 billion. these assets were largely held in jurisdictions outside of the united states. we regularly review the amount of cash and short-term investments held outside of the united states and our historical foreign earnings are used to fund foreign investments or meet foreign working capital and property, plant and equipment expenditure needs. to fund cash needs in the united states, we rely on ongoing cash flow from u.s. operations, access to capital markets and remittances from foreign subsidiaries of earnings that are not considered to be permanently reinvested.
financing facilities during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021, the company refinanced its five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility that was to expire in december 2022, with a new five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility that will expire in september 2026. the credit facility provides borrowings of up to $2.75 billion, with separate sub-limits of $100 million for letters of credit and swingline loans. the expiration date of the credit facility may be extended for up to two additional one year periods, subject to certain restrictions (including the consent of the lenders). the credit facility provides that we may, subject to additional commitments by lenders, request an additional $500 million of financing, for a maximum aggregate commitment under the credit facility of up to $3.25 billion. proceeds from this facility may be used for general corporate purposes. there were no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility at september 30, 2021.
the agreement for our revolving credit facility contains the following financial covenants. we were in compliance with these covenants, as applicable, as of september 30, 2021.
•we are required to have a leverage coverage ratio of no more than:
◦4.25-to-1 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter following the closing of the credit facility; or
◦4.75-to-1 for the four full fiscal quarters following the consummation of a material acquisition.
we also have informal lines of credit outside the united states. we may, from time to time, access the commercial paper market as we manage working capital over the normal course of our business activities. we had no commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of september 30, 2021. also, over the normal course of our business activities, we transfer certain trade receivable assets to third parties under factoring agreements. additional disclosures regarding sales of trade receivable assets are provided in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
access to capital and credit ratings our corporate credit ratings with the rating agencies standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p"), moody's investor service ("moody's") and fitch ratings ("fitch") were as follows at september 30, 2021:
s&amp;p        moody's        fitch ratings:
senior unsecured debt         bbb            baa3           bbb-
commercial paper              a-2            p-3
outlook                       stable         positive       positive in january 2021, s&p affirmed our september 30, 2020 ratings and revised the agency's outlook on our ratings to stable from negative. also in january 2021, moody's upgraded our senior unsecured rating to baa3 from ba1, as well as our commercial paper rating to p-3 from np. moody's also affirmed its positive outlook on our ratings. in may 2021, fitch affirmed our september 30, 2020 rating and revised its outlook on our ratings from stable to positive.
lower corporate debt ratings and downgrades of our corporate credit ratings or other credit ratings may increase our cost of borrowing. we believe that given our debt ratings, our financial management policies, our ability to generate cash flow and the non-cyclical, geographically diversified nature of our businesses, we would have access to additional short-term and long-term capital should the need arise. a rating reflects only the view of a rating agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. ratings can be revised upward or downward at any time by a rating agency if such rating agency decides that circumstances warrant such a change.
contractual obligations in the normal course of business, we enter into contracts and commitments that obligate us to make payments in the future. information regarding our obligations under purchase, debt and lease arrangements are provided in notes 5, 15 and 17, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
critical accounting policies the following discussion supplements the descriptions of our accounting policies contained in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to use estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. some of those judgments can be subjective and complex and, consequently, actual results could differ from those estimates. management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. for any given estimate or assumption made by management, it is possible that other people applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop different estimates. actual results that differ from management's estimates could have an unfavorable effect on our consolidated financial statements. management believes the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:
revenue recognition our revenues are primarily recognized when the customer obtains control of the product sold, which is generally upon shipment or delivery, depending on the delivery terms specified in the sales agreement.
revenues associated with certain instruments and equipment for which installation is complex, and therefore significantly affects the customer's ability to use and benefit from the product, are recognized when customer acceptance of these installed products has been confirmed. for certain service arrangements, including extended warranty and software maintenance contracts, revenue is recognized ratably over the contract term. the majority of revenues relating to extended warranty contracts associated with certain instruments and equipment is generally recognized within a few years whereas deferred revenue relating to software maintenance contracts is generally recognized over a longer period.
our agreements with customers within certain organizational units including medication management solutions, integrated diagnostic solutions and biosciences, contain multiple performance obligations including both products and certain services noted above. determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately may require judgment. the transaction price for these agreements is allocated to each performance obligation based upon its relative standalone selling price. standalone selling price is the amount at which we would sell a promised good or service separately to a customer. we generally estimate standalone selling prices using list prices and a consideration of typical discounts offered to customers. the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of revenue deferral.
our gross revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, which include rebates and sales discounts. these deductions represent estimates of the related obligations and judgment is required when determining the impact on gross revenues for a reporting period. additional factors considered in the estimate of our rebate liability include the quantification of inventory that is either in stock at or in transit to our distributors, as well as the estimated lag time between the sale of product and the payment of corresponding rebates.
impairment of assets goodwill assets are subject to impairment reviews at least annually, or whenever indicators of impairment arise. intangible assets with finite lives, including developed technology, and other long-lived assets, are periodically reviewed for impairment when impairment indicators are present.
we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. our reporting units generally represent one level below reporting segments. our review of goodwill for each reporting unit compares the fair value of the reporting unit, estimated using an income approach, with its carrying value. our annual goodwill impairment test performed on july 1, 2021 did not result in any impairment charges, as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.
we generally use the income approach to derive the fair value for impairment assessments. this approach calculates fair value by estimating future cash flows attributable to the assets and then discounting these cash flows to a present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. we selected this method because we believe the income approach most appropriately measures the value of our income producing assets. this approach requires significant management judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working capital use, appropriate discount rates, terminal values and other assumptions and estimates. the estimates and assumptions used are consistent with bd's business plans. the use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease the estimated fair value of the asset. actual results may differ from management's estimates.
income taxes bd maintains valuation allowances where it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. changes in valuation allowances are included in our tax provision in the period of change. in determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, management evaluates factors such as prior earnings history, expected future earnings, carry back and carry forward periods, and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset.
bd conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress in a number of tax jurisdictions. in evaluating the exposure associated with various tax filing positions, we record accruals for uncertain tax positions based on the technical support for the positions, our past audit experience with similar situations, and the potential interest and penalties related to the matters. bd's effective tax rate in any given period could be impacted if, upon resolution with taxing authorities, we prevailed in positions for which reserves have been established, or we were required to pay amounts in excess of established reserves.
we have reviewed our needs in the united states for possible repatriation of undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries and we continue to invest foreign subsidiaries earnings outside of the united states to fund foreign investments or meet foreign working capital and property, plant and equipment expenditure needs. as a result, we are permanently reinvested with respect to all of our historical foreign earnings as of september 30, 2021. additional disclosures regarding our accounting for income taxes are provided in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
contingencies we are involved, both as a plaintiff and a defendant, in various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including, without limitation, product liability and environmental matters, as further discussed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. we assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses. we establish accruals to the extent probable future losses are estimable (in the case of environmental matters, without considering possible third-party recoveries). a determination of the amount of accruals for these contingencies is made after careful analysis of each individual matter. when appropriate, the accrual is developed with the consultation of outside counsel and, as in the case of certain mass tort litigation, the expertise of an actuarial specialist regarding the nature, timing and extent of each matter. the accruals may change in the future due to new developments in each matter or changes in our litigation strategy. we record expected recoveries from product liability insurance carriers or other parties when realization of recovery is deemed probable.
given the uncertain nature of litigation generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which we are a party. in view of these uncertainties, we could incur charges in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, liability insurance. in the opinion of management, any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on bd's consolidated results of operations and consolidated net cash flows.
benefit plans we have significant net pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit obligations that are measured using actuarial valuations which include assumptions for the discount rate and the expected return on plan assets. these assumptions have a significant effect on the amounts reported. in addition to the analysis below, see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for additional discussion.
the discount rate is selected each year based on investment grade bonds and other factors as of the measurement date (september 30). specifically for the u.s. pension plan, we will use a discount rate of 2.89% for 2022, which was based on an actuarially-determined, company-specific yield curve to measure liabilities as of the measurement date. to calculate the pension expense in 2022, we will apply the individual spot rates along the yield curve that correspond with the timing of each future cash outflow for benefit payments in order to calculate interest cost and service cost. additional disclosures regarding the method to be used in calculating the interest cost and service cost components of pension expense for 2022 are provided in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption, although reviewed each year, changes less frequently due to the long-term nature of the assumption. this assumption does not impact the measurement of assets or liabilities as of the measurement date; rather, it is used only in the calculation of pension expense. to determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, we consider many factors, including our historical assumptions compared with actual results; benchmark data; expected returns on various plan asset classes, as well as current and expected asset allocations. we will use a long-term expected rate of return on plan assets assumption of 6.25% for the u.s. pension plan in 2022. we believe our discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumptions are appropriate based upon the above factors.
sensitivity to changes in key assumptions for our u.s. pension and other postretirement and postemployment plans are as follows:
•discount rate - a change of plus (minus) 25 basis points, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated $6 million favorable (unfavorable) impact on the total u.s. net pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit plan costs. this estimate assumes no change in the shape or steepness of the company-specific yield curve used to plot the individual spot rates that will be applied to the future cash outflows for future benefit payments in order to calculate interest and service cost.
•expected return on plan assets - a change of plus (minus) 25 basis points, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated $5 million favorable (unfavorable) impact on u.s. pension plan costs.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. bd and its representatives may also, from time to time, make certain forward-looking statements in publicly released materials, both written and oral, including statements contained in filings with the securities and exchange commission, press releases, and our reports to shareholders. forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as "plan," "expect," "believe," "intend," "will," "may," "anticipate," "estimate" and other words of similar meaning in conjunction with, among other things, discussions of future operations and financial performance (including volume growth, pricing, sales and earnings per share growth, and cash flows) and statements regarding our strategy for growth, future product development, regulatory approvals, competitive position and expenditures. all statements that address our future operating performance or events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future are forward-looking statements.
forward-looking statements are, and will be, based on management's then-current views and assumptions regarding future events, developments and operating performance, and speak only as of their dates. investors should realize that if underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from our expectations and projections. investors are therefore cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. furthermore, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events and developments or otherwise, except as required by applicable law or regulations.
the following are some important factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our expectations in any forward-looking statements. for further discussion of certain of these factors, see item 1a. risk factors in this report.
•any impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, including, without limitation, decreases in the demand for our products or disruptions to our operations or our supply chain, and factors such as the rate of vaccination, the rate of infections and competitive factors could impact the demand and pricing for our covid-19 diagnostics testing.
•weakness in the global economy and financial markets, which could increase the cost of operating our business, weaken demand for our products and services, negatively impact the prices we can charge for our products and services, or impair our ability to produce our products.
•the risks associated with the proposed spin-off of our diabetes care business, including factors that could delay, prevent or otherwise adversely affect the completion, timing or terms of the spin-off, our ability to realize the expected benefits of the spin-off, or the qualification of the spin-off as a tax-free transaction for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
•competitive factors that could adversely affect our operations, including new product introductions and technologies (for example, new forms of drug delivery) by our current or future competitors, consolidation or strategic alliances among healthcare companies, distributors and/or payers of healthcare to improve their competitive position or develop new models for the delivery of healthcare, increased pricing pressure due to the impact of low-cost manufacturers, patents attained by competitors (particularly as patents on our products expire), new entrants into our markets and changes in the practice of medicine.
•risks relating to our overall level of indebtedness, including our ability to service our debt and refinance our indebtedness, which is dependent upon the capital markets and our overall financial condition at such time.
•the adverse financial impact resulting from unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
•regional, national and foreign economic factors, including inflation, deflation and fluctuations in interest rates, and their potential effect on our operating performance.
•our ability to achieve our projected level or mix of product sales, as our earnings forecasts are based on projected sales volumes and pricing of many product types, some of which are more profitable than others.
•changes in reimbursement practices of governments or third-party payers, or adverse decisions relating to our products by such payers, which could reduce demand for our products or the price we can charge for such products.
•cost containment efforts in the u.s. or in other countries in which we do business, such as alternative payment reform and increased use of competitive bidding and tenders, including, without limitation, any expansion of the volume-based procurement process in china.
•changes in the domestic and foreign healthcare industry or in medical practices that result in a reduction in procedures using our products or increased pricing pressures, including cost reduction measures instituted by and the continued consolidation among healthcare providers.
•the impact of changes in u.s. federal laws and policies that could affect fiscal and tax policies, healthcare and international trade, including import and export regulation and international trade agreements. in particular, tariffs or other trade barriers imposed by the u.s. or other countries could adversely impact our supply chain costs or otherwise adversely impact our results of operations.
•increases in operating costs, including fluctuations in the cost and availability of oil-based resins and other raw materials, as well as certain components, used in our products, including any disruptions in the global supply chain of raw materials and components, inflationary pricing pressure, labor shortages or increased labor costs, the ability to maintain favorable supplier and service arrangements and relationships (particularly with respect to sole-source suppliers and sterilization services), and the potential adverse effects of any disruption in the availability of such items and services.
•security breaches of our information systems or our products, which could impair our ability to conduct business, result in the loss of bd trade secrets or otherwise compromise sensitive information of bd or its customers, suppliers and other business partners, or of customers' patients, including sensitive personal data, or result in product efficacy or safety concerns for certain of our products, and result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation.
•difficulties inherent in product development, including the potential inability to successfully continue technological innovation, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and registrations in the united states and abroad, obtain intellectual property protection for our products, obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement for new products, or gain and maintain market approval of products, as well as the possibility of infringement claims by competitors with respect to patents or other intellectual property rights, all of which can preclude or delay commercialization of a product. delays in obtaining necessary approvals or clearances from the fda or other regulatory agencies or changes in the regulatory process may also delay product launches and increase development costs.
•the impact of business combinations or divestitures, including any volatility in earnings relating to acquisition-related costs, and our ability to successfully integrate any business we may acquire.
•our ability to penetrate or expand our operations in emerging markets, which depends on local economic and political conditions, and how well we are able to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities and distribution networks.
•conditions in international markets, including social and political conditions, civil unrest, terrorist activity, governmental changes, restrictions on the ability to transfer capital across borders, tariffs and other protectionist measures, difficulties in protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights and governmental expropriation of assets. our international operations also increase our compliance risks, including risks under the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption laws, as well as regulatory and privacy laws.
•deficit reduction efforts or other actions that reduce the availability of government funding for healthcare and research, which could weaken demand for our products and result in additional pricing pressures, as well as create potential collection risks associated with such sales.
•fluctuations in university or u.s. and international governmental funding and policies for life sciences research.
•fluctuations in the demand for products we sell to pharmaceutical companies that are used to manufacture, or are sold with, the products of such companies, as a result of funding constraints, consolidation or otherwise.
•the effects of climate change, weather, regulatory or other events that adversely impact our supply chain, including our ability to manufacture our products (particularly where production of a product line or sterilization operations are concentrated in one or more plants), source materials or components or services from suppliers (including sole-source suppliers) that are needed for such manufacturing (including sterilization), or provide products to our customers, including events that impact key distributors.
•natural disasters, including the impacts of climate change, hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, fires, earthquakes and floods and other extreme weather events, global health pandemics, war, terrorism, labor disruptions and international conflicts that could cause significant economic disruption and political and social instability, resulting in decreased demand for our products, or adversely affecting our manufacturing and distribution capabilities or causing interruptions in our supply chain.
•pending and potential future litigation or other proceedings asserting, and/or investigations concerning and/or subpoenas and requests seeking information with respect to, alleged violations of law (including in connection with federal and/or state healthcare programs (such as medicare or medicaid) and/or sales and marketing practices (such as investigative subpoenas and the civil investigative demands received by bd)), potential anti-corruption and related internal control violations under the foreign corrupt practices act, antitrust claims, securities law claims, product liability (which may involve lawsuits seeking class action status or seeking to establish multi-district litigation proceedings, including pending claims relating to our hernia repair implant products, surgical continence products for women and vena cava filter products), claims with respect to environmental matters, data privacy breaches and patent infringement, and the availability or collectability of insurance relating to any such claims.
•new or changing laws and regulations affecting our domestic and foreign operations, or changes in enforcement practices, including laws relating to trade, monetary and fiscal policies, taxation (including tax reforms that could adversely impact multinational corporations), sales practices, environmental protection, price controls, and licensing and regulatory requirements for new products and products in the post-marketing phase. in particular, the u.s. and other countries may impose new requirements regarding registration, labeling or prohibited materials that may require us to re-register products already on the market or otherwise impact our ability to market our products. environmental laws, particularly with respect to the emission of greenhouse gases, are also becoming more stringent throughout the world, which may increase our costs of operations or necessitate changes in our manufacturing plants or processes or those of our suppliers, or result in liability to bd.
•product efficacy or safety concerns regarding our products resulting in product holds or recalls, regulatory action on the part of the fda or foreign counterparts (including restrictions on future product clearances and civil penalties), declining sales and product liability claims, and damage to our reputation. as a result of the carefusion acquisition, our u.s. infusion pump business is operating under a consent decree with the fda. the consent decree authorizes the fda, in the event of any violations in the future, to order our u.s. infusion pump business to cease manufacturing and distributing products, recall products or take other actions, and order the payment of significant monetary damages if the business subject to the decree fails to comply with any provision of the consent decree. we are undertaking certain remediation of our bd alaristm system, and are currently shipping the product in the u.s., only in cases of medical necessity and to remediate recalled software versions. we will not be able to fully resume commercial operations for the bd alaris system in the u.s. until a 510(k) submission relating to the product has been cleared by the fda. no assurances can be given as to when or if clearance will be obtained from the fda.
•the effect of adverse media exposure or other publicity regarding bd's business or operations, including the effect on bd's reputation or demand for its products.
•the effect of market fluctuations on the value of assets in bd's pension plans and on actuarial interest rate and asset return assumptions, which could require bd to make additional contributions to the plans or increase our pension plan expense.
•our ability to obtain the anticipated benefits of restructuring programs, if any, that we may undertake.
•issuance of new or revised accounting standards by the fasb or the sec.
the foregoing list sets forth many, but not all, of the factors that could impact our ability to achieve results described in any forward-looking statements. investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties.
