item 1a.    risk factors risk factors our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described below. additional risks not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our financial condition and business operations. see "cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements."
risks relating to our business and industries our operations may be adversely impacted as a result of pandemic outbreaks, including covid-19.
on march 11, 2020 the world health organization designated the coronavirus disease 2019, or covid-19, outbreak as a global pandemic. to date, millions of cases have been confirmed globally, and the number of reported cases continues to increase, including in all major geographies in which we operate. the ongoing pandemic could adversely affect our operations, major facilities, or employees' and consumers' health in the future, which could interfere with general commercial activity related to our supply chain and customer base, and in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
since 2020 government officials in numerous countries around the world have imposed measures in response to the pandemic, including vaccination and masking requirements, protocols related to workplace activities, travel and large gathering restrictions, social distancing requirements, quarantines and shelter-in-place and stay-at-home orders. many of these restrictions remain in place today. there can be no assurance that such restrictions will be effective or achieve their desired results in a timely fashion or at all. even as efforts to contain the pandemic have made progress and some restrictions have eased, an increase in the number of observed covid-19 cases, including as a result of any resurgence and new variants, may lead to governments reinstituting or re-imposing travel and work restrictions or imposing additional restrictions. in locations where such restrictions are in place bunge has been deemed an essential or life-sustaining operation. to date we have not seen a significant disruption in our supply chain, have been able to mitigate logistics and distribution issues that have arisen, and substantially all of our facilities around the world have continued to operate at or near normal levels. we have, however, experienced minor temporary workforce disruptions in our supply chain as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, including increased labor shortages and increased turnover. we have established an internal task force to closely monitor developments related to the pandemic and have implemented employee safety measures based on guidance from the centers for disease control and prevention, the world health organization, and local requirements and guidelines, across all our facilities, including proper hygiene, social distancing, mask use, and temperature screenings. these measures may not be sufficient to prevent the spread of covid-19 among our employees. further, in the future it may be challenging to obtain and process raw materials to support our business needs, and individuals could become ill, quarantined or otherwise unable to work and/or travel due to health reasons or governmental restrictions, which may place constraints on the timeliness of our production capabilities or may increase our costs. additionally, governments may impose other laws, regulations or taxes that could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. the challenges faced in the ongoing implementation of covid-19 vaccinations can also extend the impacts on our business. while we are strongly encouraging our employees to be vaccinated when available in their countries, and facilitating this when possible, our business may be impacted by the effectiveness of vaccination programs that are implemented in the markets in which we operate, the implementation of vaccination mandates in areas where we operate, and the willingness and ability of our workforce to participate in these vaccination programs. even after the covid-19 pandemic has moderated and business and social distancing restrictions have eased, we may continue to experience similar effects to our businesses, consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows, resulting from a recessionary economic environment that may persist.
in addition, we cannot predict the impact that the covid-19 pandemic will have on our customers, suppliers, vendors, joint venture and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions. any material adverse effect on these parties, including due to disruptions in supply chain, could adversely impact us. in this regard, the potential duration and impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on the global economy and on our business, financial condition and results of operations are difficult to predict and cannot be estimated with any degree of certainty, but the pandemic has resulted in the significant disruption of global financial markets and increased levels of unemployment and economic uncertainty, which may adversely impact our business. these developments may lead to significant negative impacts on customer spending, demand for our products, the ability of our customers to pay, our financial condition and the financial condition of our suppliers and may also negatively impact our access to external sources of financing to fund our operations or make capital expenditures.
the potential effects of covid-19 also could impact certain of our risk factors listed in this item 1a. risk factors. however, due to continually evolving health, economic, social, and governmental environments, the potential impact that covid-19 could have on our risk factors further described below, and others that cannot yet be identified, remains uncertain.
adverse weather conditions, including as a result of climate change, may adversely affect the availability, quality and price of agricultural commodities and agricultural commodity products, as well as our operations and operating results.
adverse weather conditions have historically caused volatility in the agricultural commodity industry and consequently in our operating results by causing crop failures or significantly reduced harvests, which may affect the supply and pricing of the agricultural commodities that we sell and use in our business, reduce demand for our fertilizer products and negatively affect the creditworthiness of agricultural producers who do business with us.
severe adverse weather conditions, such as hurricanes or severe storms, may also result in extensive property damage, extended business interruption, personal injuries and other loss and damage to us. our operations also rely on dependable and efficient transportation services. a disruption in transportation services as a result of weather conditions or otherwise, may also significantly adversely impact our operations.
additionally, the potential physical impacts of climate change are uncertain and may vary by region. these potential effects could include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, shifts in agricultural production areas, changing temperature levels, and climatic volatility. the frequency and severity of the effects of climate change or weather patterns have been increasing and could adversely impact our business operations, the location, costs and competitiveness of global agricultural commodity production and related storage and processing facilities, as well as the supply and demand for agricultural commodities, and may result in incidents of stranded physical assets. these effects could be material to our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.
we are subject to fluctuations in agricultural commodity and other raw material prices, energy prices and other factors outside of our control that could adversely affect our operating results.
prices for agricultural commodities and their by-products, including, among others, soybeans, corn, wheat, sugar and ethanol, like those of other commodities, are often volatile and sensitive to local and international changes in supply and demand caused by factors outside of our control, including farmer planting and selling decisions, currency fluctuations, government agriculture programs and policies, pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic), governmental restrictions or mandates, global inventory levels, demand for biofuels, weather and crop conditions, and demand for and supply of competing commodities and substitutes. these factors may cause volatility in our operating results.
in 2021, certain of our raw material input costs increased materially and at a rapid rate. we expect the pressures of input cost inflation to continue into 2022. we may not be able to generate sufficient productivity improvements, price increases or commodity hedging benefits to fully offset these costs, or do so on an acceptable timeline. to the extent we are unable to offset present and future input cost increases, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected.
additionally, our operating costs and the selling prices of certain of our products are sensitive to changes in energy prices. our industrial operations utilize significant amounts of electricity, natural gas and coal, and our transportation operations are dependent upon diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products. significant increases in the cost of these items and currency fluctuations could adversely affect our operating costs and results. we also sell certain biofuel products, such as ethanol, renewable diesel, and biodiesel, which are closely related to, or may be substituted for, petroleum products. as a result, the selling prices of ethanol, renewable diesel, and biodiesel can be impacted by the selling prices of oil, gasoline and diesel fuel. in turn, the selling prices of the agricultural commodities and commodity products that we sell, such as corn and vegetable oils that are used as feedstocks for biofuels, are also sensitive to changes in the market price for biofuels, and consequently world petroleum prices. prices for petroleum products and biofuels are affected by market factors and government fuel policies, over which we have no control. lower prices for oil, gasoline or diesel fuel could result in decreased selling prices for ethanol, renewable diesel, biodiesel and their raw materials, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results.
our business is seasonal, and our results may fluctuate depending on the harvest cycle of the crops upon which we rely and seasonal fluctuations related to the sale of our consumer products.
as with any agricultural business enterprise, our business operations are seasonal in nature. for example, in our agribusiness segment, while there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials, such as oilseeds and grains, we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres. the first quarter of the year, however, has generally been our weakest in terms of financial results due to the timing of the north and south american oilseed harvests, as the north american oilseed harvest peaks in the third and fourth quarters, while the south american harvest peaks in the second quarter. this creates price fluctuations, which result in fluctuations in our inventories and a degree of seasonality in our gross profit. in addition, certain of our consumer food products are influenced by holidays and other annual events. seasonality could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. in addition, our quarterly results may vary as a result of the effects of fluctuations in commodities prices, production yields and costs.
we face intense competition in each of our businesses.
we face significant competition in each of our businesses and we have numerous competitors, some of which are larger, more diversified and have greater financial resources than we have. additionally, in recent years we have experienced regional agribusiness competitors entering new geographies where previously they did not compete with us, and certain customers seeking to procure certain commodities directly rather than through historical suppliers such as us. as many of the products we sell are global commodities, the markets for our products are highly price competitive, and in many cases also sensitive to product substitution. additionally, the geographic location of assets can competitively advantage or disadvantage us with respect to our competitors in certain regions. we also face competition from changing technologies and shifting industry practices, such as increased on-farm crop storage in several regions, which allows producers to retain commodities for extended periods and increase price pressure on purchasers such as us. to compete effectively, we must continuously focus on improving efficiency in our production and distribution operations, including through business optimization initiatives, developing and offering products that meet customer needs, optimizing our geographic presence in key markets, developing and maintaining appropriate market share and customer relationships, supporting socially responsible and sustainable corporate and business practices, and promoting our environmental stewardship. we also compete for talent in our industries, particularly commercial personnel. competition could cause us to lose market share and talented employees, exit certain lines of business, increase marketing or other expenditures, increase our raw material costs or reduce pricing, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business and profitability.
we are vulnerable to the effects of supply and demand imbalances in our industries.
historically, the market for some agricultural commodities and fertilizer products has been cyclical, with periods of high demand and capacity utilization stimulating new plant investment and the addition of incremental processing or production capacity by industry participants to meet the demand. the timing and extent of this expansion may then produce excess supply conditions in the market, which, until the supply/demand balance is again restored, negatively impacts product prices and operating results. during times of reduced market demand, we may suspend or reduce production at some of our facilities. the extent to which we efficiently manage available capacity at our facilities will affect our profitability. we also expect the results from our equity investment in the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture to be impacted by any potential shortage of, or increasing costs for, sugarcane.
we are subject to global and regional economic downturns and related risks.
the level of demand for our products is affected by global and regional demographic and macroeconomic conditions, including population growth rates and changes in standards of living. a significant downturn in global economic growth, or recessionary conditions in major geographic regions, may lead to reduced demand for agricultural commodities and food products, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. further, deteriorating economic and political conditions in our major markets affected by the covid-19 pandemic, such as increased unemployment, decreases in disposable income, declines in consumer confidence, inflation, or economic slowdowns or recessions, could cause a decrease in demand for our products.
additionally, weak global economic conditions and adverse conditions in global financial and capital markets, including constraints on the availability of credit, have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the financial condition and creditworthiness of some of our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, which in turn may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for more information.
for example, as brazil emerges from the covid-19 pandemic it has experienced slowing a gdp growth rate coupled with relatively high interest rates. additionally, presidential elections are scheduled to occur at the end of 2022. the above factors may result in an uncertain economic and political environment, which could lead to reduced demand for our refined and specialty oils and milling products in the country. additionally, a slowdown in china's economy over a prolonged period could lead to reduced global demand for agricultural commodities. to the extent that such economic and political conditions negatively impact consumer and business confidence and consumption patterns or volumes, our business and results of operations could be significantly and adversely affected.
we are subject to economic, political and other risks of doing business globally and in emerging markets.
we are a global business with a substantial majority of our assets and operations located outside the united states. in addition, our business strategies may involve expanding or developing our business in emerging market regions, including eastern europe, asia-pacific, the middle east and africa. due to the international nature of our business, we are exposed to various risks of international operations, including:
•adverse trade policies or trade barriers on agricultural commodities and commodity products;
•government regulations and mandates in response to the covid-19 pandemic;
•new and developing requirements related to greenhouse gas emissions and other climate change initiatives and workforce diversity and inclusion mandates;
•inflation, hyperinflation, and adverse economic effects resulting from governmental attempts to control inflation, such as the imposition of wage and price controls and higher interest rates. for example, inflation rates in many countries in which we operate are currently at the highest levels in decades, resulting in expectations of tighter monetary policies including higher interest rates in the near future. in addition, in turkey, a country in which bunge operates, annualized inflation has recently surged to nearly 50% per year. as such, if turkey's inflation level does not subside, there is a heightened risk that turkey's economy could become hyperinflationary;
•changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation or enforcement in the countries in which we operate, such as tax laws, including the risk of future adverse tax regulations relating to our status as a bermuda company;
•difficulties in enforcing agreements or judgments and collecting receivables in foreign jurisdictions;
•exchange controls or other currency restrictions and limitations on the movement of funds, such as on the remittance of dividends by subsidiaries;
•inadequate infrastructure and logistics challenges;
•sovereign risk and the risk of government intervention, including through expropriation, or regulation of the economy or natural resources, including restrictions on foreign ownership of land or other assets;
•the requirement to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations that apply to international operations, including, without limitation, economic sanctions regulations, labor laws, import and export regulations, anti-
corruption and anti-bribery laws, as well as other laws or regulations discussed in this "item 1a. risk factors" section;
•challenges in maintaining an effective internal control environment with operations in multiple international locations, including language differences, varying levels of u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap") expertise in international locations and multiple financial information systems;
•changes in a country's or region's economic or political condition; and
•labor disruptions, civil unrest, significant political instability, coup attempts, wars or other armed conflict or acts of terrorism. as of the date of issuance of this annual report on form 10-k, we are monitoring the military conflict involving russia and ukraine. we maintain operations in both countries, which represent key international grain originating regions. the outcome of the ongoing conflict is uncertain. our operations in ukraine have been interrupted and a continuation of the conflict may have a material adverse effect on our ukrainian operations. at december 31, 2021, we had total assets and total liabilities of $681 million and $484 million, respectively, in ukraine. additionally, in response to the conflict, the united states, other north atlantic treaty organization member states, as well as non-member states, have announced targeted economic sanctions on russia, certain russian citizens and enterprises. the continuation of the conflict may trigger a series of additional economic and other sanctions enacted by the united states, other north atlantic treaty organization member states, and other countries. as we maintain operations in russia, any such sanctions may also result in an adverse effect on our russian operations. at december 31, 2021, we had total assets and total liabilities of $121 million and $36 million, respectively, in russia.
these risks could adversely affect our operations, business strategies and operating results.
as a result of our international operations, we are also exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations. changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other foreign currencies, particularly the brazilian real, canadian dollar, the euro, and chinese yuan/renminbi affect our revenues and expenses that are denominated in local currencies, affect farm economics in those regions and may also have a negative impact on the value of our assets located outside of the united states.
additionally, there continues to be a great deal of uncertainty regarding u.s. and global trade policies for companies with multinational operations like ours. in recent years, there has been an increase in populism and nationalism in various countries around the world and consequently historical free trade principles are being challenged. as we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on the nature and extent of any such changes and how well we are able to anticipate, respond to and effectively manage any such changes.
government policies and regulations affecting the agricultural sector and related industries could adversely affect our operations and profitability.
agricultural commodity production and trade flows are significantly affected by government policies and regulations. governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, such as taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies, import and export restrictions, price controls on agricultural commodities, and energy policies (including biofuels mandates), can influence industry profitability, the planting of certain crops versus other uses of agricultural resources, the location and size of crop production, whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded, and the volume and types of imports and exports. additionally, regulation of financial markets and instruments in the united states and internationally may create uncertainty as these laws are adopted and implemented and may impose significant additional risks and costs that could impact our risk management practices. further, increases in food and fertilizer prices have in the past resulted in increased scrutiny of our industries under antitrust and competition laws in various jurisdictions and increase the risk that these laws could be interpreted, administered or enforced in a manner that could affect our operations or impose liabilities on us that could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. future governmental policies, regulations or actions impacting our industries may adversely affect the supply of, demand for, and prices of our products, restrict our ability to do business in existing and target markets, or engage in risk management activities and otherwise cause our financial results to suffer.
finally, international trade disputes can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions, particularly disputes involving the united states and china. this has in the past led and can in the future lead to significant volatility in commodity prices, disruptions in historical trade flows and shifts in planting patterns in the united states and south america, which have presented challenges and uncertainties for our business. we cannot predict the impacts that future trade policy or the terms of any negotiated trade agreements could have on our business and operations.
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures.
we have been an active acquirer of other companies, and we have joint ventures with several partners. part of our strategy involves acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures designed to expand or optimize our portfolio of businesses. our ability to benefit from acquisitions, joint ventures and alliances depends on many factors, including our ability to identify suitable prospects, access funding sources on acceptable terms, negotiate favorable transaction terms and successfully consummate and integrate any businesses we acquire. in addition, we proactively review our portfolio of businesses in order to identify opportunities to enhance shareholder value and may decide as a result of such reviews or otherwise, from time to time, to divest certain of our assets or businesses by selling them or entering into joint ventures. our ability to successfully complete a divestiture will depend on, among other things, our ability to identify buyers that are prepared to acquire such assets or businesses on acceptable terms and to adjust and optimize our retained businesses following the divestiture.
our acquisition, joint venture or divestiture activities may involve unanticipated delays, costs and other problems. if we encounter unexpected problems with acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, our senior management may be required to divert attention away from other aspects of our businesses to address these problems. additionally, we may fail to consummate proposed acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, after incurring expenses and devoting substantial resources, including management time, to such transactions.
acquisitions also pose the risk that we may be exposed to successor liability relating to actions by an acquired company and its management before the acquisition. the due diligence we conduct in connection with an acquisition, the controls and policies we implement at acquired companies and any contractual guarantees or indemnities that we receive from the sellers of acquired companies, may not be sufficient to protect us from, or compensate us for, actual liabilities. a material liability associated with an acquisition could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations and reduce the benefits of the acquisition. additionally, acquisitions involve other risks, such as differing levels of management and internal control effectiveness at the acquired entities, systems integration risks, the risk of impairment charges relating to goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with acquisitions, the risk of significant accounting charges and expenses resulting from the completion and integration of a sizable acquisition, the need to fund increased capital expenditures and working capital requirements, our ability to retain and motivate employees of acquired entities, compliance and reputational risks and other unanticipated problems and liabilities.
divestitures may also expose us to potential liabilities or claims for indemnification, as we may be required to retain certain liabilities or indemnify buyers for certain matters, including environmental or litigation matters associated with the assets or businesses that we sell. the magnitude of any such retained liability or indemnification obligation may be difficult to quantify at the time of the transaction and its cost to us could ultimately exceed the proceeds we receive for the divested assets or businesses. divestitures also have other inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals), the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested businesses and unexpected costs or other difficulties associated with the separation of the businesses to be sold from our information technology systems and other management processes, including the loss of key personnel. further, expected cost savings or other anticipated efficiencies or benefits from divestitures may also be difficult to achieve or maximize.
additionally, we have several joint ventures and investments in which we have limited control over governance, financial reporting and operations. as a result, we face certain operating, financial and other risks relating to these investments, including risks related to the financial strength of our joint venture partners or their willingness to provide adequate funding for the joint venture, having differing objectives from our partners, the inability to implement some actions with respect to the joint venture's activities that we may believe are favorable if the joint venture partner does not agree, compliance risks relating to actions of the joint venture or our partners, and the risk that we will be unable to resolve disputes with the joint venture partner. as a result, these investments may contribute significantly less than anticipated to our earnings and cash flows. in december 2019, we entered into the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture related to our sugar and ethanol business in brazil, which resulted in the transfer of all assets and operations of this business into a new entity in which we hold a 50% interest. we share control in bp bunge bioenergia with bp, our joint venture partner, and as a result our ability to realize the benefits of this joint venture will depend in part on our ability to work with and cooperate with bp, as well as the talent of the leadership of bp bunge bioenergia. in addition, the business and financial performance of the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture may be adversely affected if there is a significant shortage of sugarcane supply, which is the principal raw material used in the production of ethanol and sugar, or if there is an increase in the cost of available sugarcane, which could result from any termination of the joint venture's partnership or supply contracts.
we are subject to industry and other risks that could adversely affect our reputation and financial results.
we are subject to food and feed industry risks which include, but are not limited to, spoilage, contamination, tampering or other adulteration of products, product liability claims and recalls. we are also subject to shifts in customer and consumer preferences, including as a result of covid-19, and concerns regarding the outbreak of disease associated with livestock and poultry, including avian or swine influenza. also, increasing focus on climate change, deforestation, water, animal welfare and human rights concerns, and other risks associated with the global food system may lead to increased activism focusing on food companies and their suppliers, governmental intervention and consumer responses. these risks could adversely affect our or our suppliers' reputations and businesses and our ability to procure the materials we need to operate our business.
as a company whose products comprise staple food and feed products sold globally, as well as ingredients included in trusted food brands of our customers, maintaining a good corporate reputation is critical to our continued success. reputational value is based in large part on perceptions, which can shift rapidly in response to negative incidents. the failure or alleged failure to maintain high standards for quality, safety, integrity, environmental sustainability and social responsibility, including with respect to raw materials and services obtained from suppliers, even if untrue, may result in tangible effects, such as reduced demand for our products, disruptions to our operations, increased costs and a loss of market share to competitors. our reputation and results of operations could also be adversely impacted by changing consumer preferences and perceptions relating to some of the products we sell, such as with regard to the quantity and type of fats, sugars and grains consumed, as well as concerns regarding genetically modified crops. failure to anticipate, adapt or respond effectively to these trends or issues may result in material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are subject to numerous laws and regulations globally, which could adversely affect our operating results.
due to our global business operations, we are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. these include general business regulations, such as with respect to taxes, accounting, anti-corruption and fair competition, trade sanctions, product safety, and environmental matters, as well as those governing the manufacturing, production, handling, storage, transport, marketing and sale of our products. these include laws and regulations relating to facility licensing and permitting, food and feed safety, the handling and production of regulated substances, nutritional and labeling requirements, global trade compliance and other matters. our operations and those of our suppliers are also subject to restrictions on land use in certain protected areas, forestry reserve requirements, and limitations on water use. in addition to liabilities arising out of our current and future operations for which we have ongoing processes to manage compliance with regulatory obligations, we may be subject to environmental liabilities for past operations at current facilities and in some cases to liabilities for past operations at facilities that we no longer own or operate. we may also be subject to liabilities for operations of acquired companies. our industrial activities can also result in serious accidents that could result in personal injuries, facility shutdowns, reputational harm to our business and/or the expenditure of significant amounts to remediate safety issues or repair damaged facilities. we may incur material costs or liabilities to comply with environmental, health and safety requirements. any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may subject us to substantial fines, administrative sanctions, criminal penalties, revocations of operating permits and/or shutdowns of our facilities, litigation, and other liabilities, as well as damage to our reputation.
due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations, including u.s. regulations issued by customs and border protection, the bureau of industry and security, the office of antiboycott compliance, the directorate of defense trade controls and office of foreign assets control, as well as the counterparts of these agencies in other countries. any alleged or actual violations may subject us to government scrutiny, investigation and civil and criminal penalties, and may limit our ability to import or export our products, or to provide services outside the united states. furthermore, embargoes and sanctions imposed by the united states and other governments restricting or prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries or based on product classification may expose us to potential criminal or civil sanctions. we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or in certain locations the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
in addition, continued government and public emphasis in countries in which we operate on environmental issues, including climate change, conservation and natural resource management, have resulted in and could result in new or more stringent forms of regulatory oversight or other limitations on the agricultural industry, including increased environmental controls, land-use restrictions affecting us or our suppliers and other conditions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. for example, certain aspects of our business and the larger food production chain generate carbon emissions. a number of jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented or are in the process of implementing carbon pricing programs or regulations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions including, but not limited to, the united states, canada, mexico, the european union and its member states, and china. for example, the biden administration has issued a series of executive orders and regulatory initiatives focused on climate change, including rejoining the paris climate agreement, pursuant to which the administration has announced a goal of halving u.s. greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. the imposition of regulatory restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions in many markets in which we operate, which may include limitations on greenhouse gas emissions, national emission reduction plans, requirements to make additional investments to modify our facilities, equipment and processes, other restrictions on industrial operations, taxes or fees on greenhouse gas emissions, and other measures, could affect land-use decisions, the cost of agricultural production and the cost and means of processing and transporting our products, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations.
we are exposed to credit and counterparty risk relating to our customer and supplier counterparties in the ordinary course of business. in particular, we advance capital and provide other financing arrangements to farmers in brazil and, as a result, our business and financial results may be adversely affected if these farmers are unable to repay the capital advanced to them.
we have various credit terms with customers, and our customers have varying degrees of creditworthiness, which exposes us to the risk of non-payment or other default under our contracts and other arrangements with them. in the event that we experience significant defaults on their payment obligations to us, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
in brazil, where there have been limited third-party financing sources available to farmers, we provide financing to farmers from whom we purchase soybeans and other agricultural commodities through prepaid commodity purchase contracts and advances, which are generally intended to be short-term in nature and are typically secured by the farmer's crop and a mortgage on the farmer's land and other assets to provide a means of repayment in the potential event of crop failure or shortfall. as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, we had approximately $594 million and $592 million in outstanding prepaid commodity purchase contracts and advances to farmers. we are exposed to the risk that the underlying crop will be insufficient to satisfy a farmer's obligation under the financing arrangements as a result of weather and crop growing conditions, and other factors that influence the price, supply and demand for agricultural commodities. in addition, any collateral held by us as part of these financing transactions may not be sufficient to fully protect us from loss.
we are a capital intensive business and depend on cash provided by our operations as well as access to external financing to operate and grow our business.
we require significant amounts of capital to operate our business and fund capital expenditures. our working capital needs are directly affected by the prices of agricultural commodities, with increases in commodity prices generally causing increases in our borrowing levels. we are also required to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain, upgrade and expand our extensive network of storage facilities, processing plants, refineries, mills, logistics assets and other facilities to keep pace with competitive developments, technological advances and safety and environmental standards. furthermore, the expansion of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require us to have access to significant amounts of capital. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or raise sufficient external financing on attractive terms to fund these activities, including as a result of a tightening in the global credit markets, we may be forced to limit our operations and growth plans, which may adversely impact our competitiveness and, therefore, our results of operations.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $5,815 million of aggregate unused committed borrowing capacity under our commercial paper program and various revolving bilateral and syndicated credit facilities and $5,964 million in total debt. our debt levels could limit our ability to obtain additional financing, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete, place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged than we are, and require us to dedicate more cash on a relative basis to servicing our debt and less to developing our business. this may limit our ability to run our business and use our resources in the manner in which we would like. furthermore, difficult conditions in global credit or financial markets generally could adversely impact our ability to refinance maturing debt or the cost or other terms of such refinancing, as well as adversely affect the financial position of the lenders with whom we do business, which may reduce our ability to obtain financing for our operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-liquidity and capital resources." moreover, the covid-19 pandemic has increased volatility and pricing in the capital markets, and we may not have access to preferred sources of liquidity when needed or on terms we find acceptable, and our borrowing costs could increase.
access to credit markets and pricing of company debt is also dependent on maintaining appropriate credit ratings, and one of our financial objectives has been to maintain an investment grade credit rating. while our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt, reductions in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on favorable terms, as well as impair our ability to compete effectively relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.
in addition, some of our credit facilities, interest rate derivatives and commercial agreements use libor (london inter-bank offered rate) as the benchmark rate. libor has recently been the subject of international reform proposals such that most libor settings were discontinued at the end of 2021 with only certain u.s. dollar libor settings continuing through mid-2023, at which point they will also be discontinued. in the united states, the alternative reference rates committee has proposed the secured overnight financing rate (sofr) as an alternative rate for use in contracts that are currently indexed to u.s. dollar libor. there are significant differences between libor and sofr, such as libor being an unsecured lending rate while sofr is a secured lending rate, and sofr is an overnight rate while libor reflects term rates at different maturities. we have identified our contractual arrangements that will be impacted by the cessation of the remaining u.s. dollar libor settings. to prepare for this change, we are actively working with counterparties to incorporate fallback language in negotiated contracts, in addition to incorporating non-libor reference rate and fallback language, when applicable, in new contracts. the evaluation and modification of contracts is ongoing. as such, as our libor-based borrowings are converted to sofr, the differences between libor and sofr, plus the recommended spread adjustment, could result in interest costs that are higher than if libor remained available, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect that these developments, any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to libor, or the establishment of alternative reference rates such as sofr, may have on libor, other benchmark rates or floating rate debt instruments.
our risk management strategies may not be effective.
our business is affected by fluctuations in agricultural commodity prices, transportation costs, energy prices, interest rates, and foreign currency exchange rates. we engage in hedging transactions to manage these risks. however, our exposures may not always be fully hedged, and our hedging strategies may not be successful in minimizing our exposure to these fluctuations. in addition, our risk management strategies may seek to position our overall portfolio relative to expected market movements. while we have implemented a broad range of risk monitoring and control procedures and policies to mitigate potential losses, they may not in all cases be successful in anticipating a significant risk exposure and protecting us from losses that have the potential to impair our financial position. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk"
the loss of, or a disruption in, our manufacturing and distribution operations or other operations and systems could adversely affect our business.
we are engaged in manufacturing and distribution activities on a global scale, and our business depends on our ability to execute and monitor, on a daily basis, a significant number of transactions across numerous markets or geographies. as a result, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, environmental events, fires, explosions, strikes and other labor or industrial disputes, and disruptions in logistics or information systems, as well as natural disasters, pandemics (including the covid-19 pandemic), acts of terrorism and other external factors over which we have no control. while we insure ourselves against many of these types of risks in accordance with industry standards, our level of insurance may not cover all losses. the potential effects of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our information technology systems, processes and sites may suffer interruptions, security breaches or failures that may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.
we rely on certain key information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, to provide critical data and services for internal and external users, including procurement and inventory management, transaction processing, financial, commercial and operational data, human resources management, legal and tax compliance, and other information and processes necessary to operate and manage our business. if our third-party service providers do not respond or perform effectively in connection with a cyber breach or system failure, our business may be impacted.
increased social engineering threats and more sophisticated computer crime, including advanced persistent threats and zero-day vulnerability exploits, pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, networks and services and we may incur significant costs in protecting against potential security breaches, cyber-based attacks or other cyber incidents. our information technology and infrastructure may experience attacks by hackers, breaches or other failures or disruptions that could compromise our systems and the information stored there. such risks increase while some of our workforce in certain countries in which we operate continues to work from home due to the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, new technology that could result in greater operational efficiency may further expose our computer systems to the risk of cyber-attacks.
we have implemented security policies, training programs, measures and disaster recovery plans designed to prevent, detect and mitigate cyber-based attacks, and to protect the security and continuity of our networks and critical systems. we use encryption and authentication technologies designed to secure the transmission and storage of data and prevent access to company and user data or accounts. in addition, we also conduct tests and assessments using independent third parties on a regular basis. these measures may not adequately prevent adverse events such as breaches or failures from occurring, or mitigate their severity if they do occur.
if our information technology systems are breached, damaged or fail to function properly due to any number of causes, such as security breaches or cyber-based attacks, systems implementation difficulties, catastrophic events or power outages, and our security, contingency disaster recovery, or other risk mitigation plans do not effectively mitigate these occurrences on a timely basis, we may experience a material disruption in our ability to manage our business operations and produce financial reports, as well as significant costs and lost business opportunities until they are remediated.
we are also subject to a variety of laws and regulations regarding data privacy, data protection, and data security, including laws related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal information. data privacy regulations continue to evolve, and non-compliance with such regulations could subject the company to legal claims or proceedings, potential regulatory fines and penalties and damage to our reputation. these factors may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our competitive position.
changes in tax laws or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income taxes in various jurisdictions throughout the world. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes, along with interest and penalties. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits and assessments in order to assess the appropriateness of our tax assets and liabilities. however, the calculation of such liabilities involves significant judgment in the interpretation of complex tax regulations in many jurisdictions. therefore, any dispute with a taxing authority may result in a payment or outcome that is significantly different from current estimates. there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits and the actual outcomes of these audits could have a material impact on our consolidated earnings and financial condition in the periods in which they are recognized.
additionally, changes in tax laws could materially impact our effective tax rate and the monetization of recoverable tax assets (indirect tax credits). furthermore, the ongoing efforts in corporate tax transparency by the organization of economic cooperation and development ("oecd") and a number of countries has resulted in additional mandatory disclosures, which will likely cause additional scrutiny of the company's tax positions and potentially increased tax assessments.
our operations are dependent on a wide array of third parties.
the success of our supply chain relies on the continued performance of a wide array of third parties. suppliers, vendors, co-manufacturers, third-party outsourcers, warehousing partners, and transportation providers are among our critical business partners. although we take steps to qualify and audit third parties with whom we do business, we cannot guarantee that all third parties will perform dependably or at all. it is possible that events beyond our control, such as financial issues, operational failures, labor issues, cybersecurity events, pandemics or other health issues, such as covid-19, or other systemic issues could impact our unaffiliated third parties. if our third parties fail to deliver on their commitments, introduce unplanned risk to our operations, such as exposing us to cybersecurity-related compromises, or are unable to fulfill their obligations, we could experience manufacturing challenges, shipment delays, increased costs, or lost revenue.
we are dependent on our executive management and other key personnel.
our success depends on our executive management team and other key personnel with skills upon which our business depends, and our ability to effectively identify, attract, retain and motivate high quality employees, and replace those who retire or resign. we believe that we have an experienced and highly qualified executive management team and the loss of service of any one or more of these key personnel could have a significant adverse impact on our operations and our future profitability. failure to retain and motivate our executive management team and to hire, retain and develop other important personnel could generally impact other levels of our management and operations, as well as our ability to execute our strategies and may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
risks relating to our common shares we are a bermuda company, and it may be difficult to enforce judgments against us and our directors and executive officers.
we are a bermuda exempted company. as a result, the rights of holders of our common shares will be governed by bermuda law and our memorandum of association and bylaws. the rights of shareholders under bermuda law may differ from the rights of shareholders of companies or corporations incorporated in other jurisdictions, including the united states. several of our directors and some of our officers are non-residents of the united states, and a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of those directors and officers are located outside the united states. as a result, it may be difficult to effect service of process on those persons in the united states or to enforce in the united states judgments obtained in u.s. courts against us or those persons based on civil liability provisions of the u.s. securities laws. it is doubtful whether courts in bermuda will enforce judgments obtained in other jurisdictions, including the united states, against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of those jurisdictions or entertain actions in bermuda against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of other jurisdictions.
our bylaws restrict shareholders from bringing legal action against our officers and directors.
our bylaws contain a broad waiver by our shareholders of any claim or right of action, both individually and on our behalf, against any of our officers or directors. the waiver applies to any action taken by an officer or director, or the failure of an officer or director to take any action, in the performance of his or her duties, except with respect to any matter involving any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the officer or director. this waiver limits the right of shareholders to assert claims against our officers and directors unless the act, or failure to act, involves fraud or dishonesty.
we have anti-takeover provisions in our bylaws that may discourage a change of control.
our bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our board of directors. these provisions provide for:
•directors to be removed without cause at any special general meeting only upon the affirmative vote of at least 66% of all votes attaching to all shares then in issue entitling the holder to attend and vote on the resolution;
•restrictions on the time period in which directors may be nominated;
•our board of directors to determine the powers, preferences and rights of our preference shares and to issue the preference shares without shareholder approval; and
•an affirmative vote of at least 66% of all votes attaching to all shares then in issue entitling the holder to attend and vote on the resolution for certain business combination transactions, which have not been approved by our board of directors.
these provisions, as well as any additional anti-takeover measures our board of directors could adopt in the future, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party's offer may be considered beneficial by many shareholders. as a result, shareholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following should be read in conjunction with "cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements" and our combined consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
operating results factors affecting operating results bunge limited, a bermuda company, together with its subsidiaries, is a leading global agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from farmer to consumer. the commodity nature of the company's principal products, as well as regional and global supply and demand variations that occur as an inherent part of the business, make volumes an important operating measure. accordingly, information is included in "segment results" that summarizes certain items in our consolidated statements of income and volumes by reportable segment. the common unit of measure for all reported volumes is metric tons. a description of reported volumes for each reportable segment has also been included in the discussion of key factors affecting results of operations in each of our business segments as discussed below.
agribusiness in the agribusiness segment, we purchase, store, transport, process and sell agricultural commodities and commodity products. profitability in this segment is affected by the availability and market prices of agricultural commodities and processed commodity products and the availability and costs of energy, transportation, and logistics services. profitability in our processing operations is also impacted by volumes procured, processed and sold and by capacity utilization rates. availability of agricultural commodities is affected by many factors, including weather, farmer planting and selling decisions, plant diseases, governmental policies, and agricultural sector economic conditions. reported volumes in this segment primarily reflect (i) grains and oilseeds originated from farmers, cooperatives or other aggregators and from which "origination margins" are earned; (ii) oilseeds processed in our oilseed processing facilities and from which "crushing margins" are earned, representing the margin from the industrial separation of the oilseed into its protein meal and vegetable oil components, both of which are separate commodity products; and (iii) third party sales of grains, oilseeds and related commodity products merchandised through our distribution businesses and from which "distribution margins" are earned. the foregoing subsegment volumes may overlap as they produce separate margin capture opportunities. for example, oilseeds procured in our south american grain origination activities may be processed in our oilseed processing facilities in asia-pacific and will be reflected at both points within the segment. as such, these reported volumes do not represent solely volumes of net sales to third-parties, but rather where margin is earned, appropriately reflecting their contribution to our global network's capacity utilization and profitability.
demand for our purchased and processed agribusiness products is affected by many factors, including global and regional economic conditions, changes in per capita income, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, particularly pork and poultry, population growth rates, relative prices of substitute agricultural products, outbreaks of disease associated with livestock and poultry, and demand for renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities and commodity products.
we expect that the factors described above will continue to affect global supply and demand for our agribusiness products for the foreseeable future. we also expect that, from time to time, imbalances will likely exist between oilseed processing capacity and demand for oilseed products in certain regions, which impacts our decisions regarding whether, when and where to purchase, store, transport, process or sell these commodities, including whether to change the location of or adjust our own oilseed processing capacity.
additionally, price fluctuations and availability of commodities may cause fluctuations in our working capital, such as inventories, accounts receivable and borrowings over the course of a given year. for example, increased availability of commodities at harvest times often causes fluctuations in our inventories and borrowings. increases in agricultural commodity prices will also generally cause our cash flow requirements to increase as our operations require increased use of cash to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange-traded futures that we use to hedge our physical inventories.
refined and specialty oils in the refined and specialty oils segment, our operating results are affected by changes in the prices of raw materials such as crude vegetable oils, the mix of products that we sell, changes in consumer eating habits, changes in per capita income, consumer purchasing power levels, availability of credit to customers, governmental dietary guidelines and policies, changes in regional economic conditions and the general competitive environment in our markets. raw material inputs to our production processes in the refined and specialty oils segment are largely sourced at market prices from our agribusiness segment. reported volumes in this segment reflect third-party sales of our finished products and, as such, include the sales of products derived from raw materials sourced from the agribusiness segment as well as from third-parties. the unit of measure for these volumes is metric tons as these businesses are linked to the commodity raw materials, which are their primary inputs.
milling in the milling segment, our operating results are affected by changes in the prices of raw materials such as grains, the mix of products that we sell, changes in consumer eating habits, changes in per capita income, consumer purchasing power levels, availability of credit to customers, governmental dietary guidelines and policies, changes in regional economic conditions and the general competitive environment in our markets. raw material inputs to our production processes in the milling segment are largely sourced at market prices from our agribusiness segment. reported volumes in these segments reflect third-party sales of our finished products and, as such, include the sales of products derived from raw materials sourced from the agribusiness segment as well as from third-parties. the unit of measure for these volumes is metric tons as these businesses are linked to the commodity raw materials, which are their primary inputs.
sugar and bioenergy our sugar and bioenergy segment primarily comprises our 50% interest in bp bunge bioenergia, the joint venture formed in december 2019 by the combination of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations with the brazilian biofuels business of bp. until december 2019, our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations formed the majority of our sugar and bioenergy segment through which we produced and sold sugar and ethanol derived from sugarcane, as well as energy derived from the sugar and ethanol production process. bp bunge bioenergia operates on a stand-alone basis with a total of 11 mills located across the southeast, north and midwest regions of brazil. following the joint venture's formation we no longer consolidate our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations in our consolidated financial statements and instead account for our interest in the joint venture under the equity method of accounting. accordingly, our reported sugar and bioenergy results for 2021 and 2020 include our share of the net earnings in bp bunge bioenergia, whereas our sugar and bioenergy results for 2019 reflect our former 100% ownership interest in the brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations contributed to the joint venture. although we are committed to supporting the growth and development of bp bunge bioenergia, our long-term goal is to seek strategic opportunities for our investment in the joint venture.
profitability in this segment is affected by the profitability of the joint venture and, therefore the value of our investment and the amount and timing of distributions we receive, if any. in turn, the profitability of the joint venture is affected by the availability and quality of sugarcane, which impacts capacity utilization rates and the amount of sugar that can be extracted from the sugarcane, and by market prices of sugar and ethanol. the availability and quality of sugarcane is affected by many factors, including weather, geographical factors such as soil quality and topography, and agricultural practices. once planted, sugarcane may be harvested for several continuous years, but the yield decreases with each subsequent harvest. as a result, the current optimum economic cycle is generally five to seven consecutive harvests, depending on location. the joint venture owns and/or has partnership agreements to manage farmland on which it grows and harvests sugarcane and also purchases sugarcane from third parties. prices of sugarcane in brazil are established by consecana, the state of são paulo sugarcane, sugar and ethanol council, and are based on the sucrose content of the cane and the market prices of sugar and ethanol. demand for the joint venture's products is affected by such factors as changes in global or regional economic conditions, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, population growth rates, changes in per capita income and demand for and governmental support of renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities, including sugarcane.
in addition to these industry related factors which impact our business areas, our results of operations in all business areas and segments are affected by the following factors:
foreign currency exchange rates due to the global nature of our operations, our operating results can be materially impacted by foreign currency exchange rates. both translation of our foreign subsidiaries' financial statements and foreign currency transactions can affect our results. on a monthly basis, for subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than the u.s. dollar, subsidiary statements of income and cash flows must be translated into u.s. dollars for consolidation purposes based on weighted-average exchange rates in each monthly period. as a result, fluctuations of local currencies compared to the u.s. dollar during each monthly period impact our consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each reported period (per quarter and year-to-date) and also affect comparisons between those reported periods. subsidiary balance sheets are translated using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date with the resulting translation adjustments reported in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss.
additionally, we record transaction gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency of the entity. these amounts are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates as of the balance sheet date, with the resulting gains or losses included in the entity's statement of income and, therefore, in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses) - net.
we primarily use a combination of equity and intercompany loans to finance our subsidiaries. intercompany loans that are of a long-term investment nature with no intention of repayment in the foreseeable future are considered permanently invested and as such are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. as a result, any foreign currency translation gains or losses on such permanently invested intercompany loans are reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss in our consolidated balance sheets. in contrast, foreign currency translation gains or losses on intercompany loans that are not of a permanent nature are recorded in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses) - net.
income taxes as a bermuda exempted company, we are not subject to income taxes in our jurisdiction of incorporation.  however, our subsidiaries, which operate in multiple tax jurisdictions, are subject to income taxes at various statutory rates ranging from 0% to 35%. the jurisdictions that significantly impact our effective tax rate are brazil, the united states, argentina, switzerland and bermuda. determination of taxable income requires the interpretation of related and often complex tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate, and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding future events.
non-u.s. gaap financial measures total segment earnings before interest and taxes ("ebit") is an operating performance measure used by bunge's management to evaluate segment operating activities. bunge also uses core segment ebit, non-core segment ebit and total segment ebit to evaluate the operating performance of bunge's core reportable segments, non-core reportable segments, and total reportable segments together with corporate and other. core segment ebit is the aggregate of the ebit of each of bunge's agribusiness, refined and specialty oils, and milling segments. non-core segment ebit is the ebit of bunge's sugar & bioenergy segment. total segment ebit is the aggregate of the ebit of bunge's core and non-core reportable segments, together with corporate and other. bunge's management believes core segment ebit, non-core segment ebit and total segment ebit are useful measures of operating profitability since the measures allow for an evaluation of the performance of its segments without regard to financing methods or capital structure. in addition, ebit is a financial measure that is widely used by analysts and investors in bunge's industry. total segment ebit is a non-u.s. gaap financial measure and is not intended to replace net income (loss) attributable to bunge, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure. further, total segment ebit excludes ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests and is not a measure of consolidated operating results under u.s. gaap and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or any other measure of consolidated operating results under u.s. gaap. see the reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to bunge to total segment ebit below.
cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted is calculated by including the net proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables with cash provided by (used for) operating activities. cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted is a non-gaap financial measure and is not intended to replace cash provided by (used for) operating activities, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure. our management believes presentation of this measure allows investors to view our cash generating performance using the same measure that management uses in evaluating financial and business performance and trends.
2021 overview net income (loss) attributable to bunge - for the year ended december 31, 2021, net income attributable to bunge was $2,078 million, an increase of $933 million compared to a net income attributable to bunge of $1,145 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was due to higher segment ebit in our core and non-core segments, as further discussed in the segment overview and results of operations section below.
earnings per common share - diluted - for the year ended december 31, 2021, net income attributable to bunge common shareholders, diluted, was $13.64 per share, an increase of $5.93 per share, compared to $7.71 per share for the year ended december 31, 2020.
ebit - for the year ended december 31, 2021, total segment ebit was $2,661 million, an increase of $1,028 million compared to ebit of $1,633 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase in total segment ebit for the year ended december 31, 2021 was due to higher segment ebit in our core and non-core segments, as further discussed in the segment overview and results of operations section below, and which also provides a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to bunge to total segment ebit.
income tax (expense) benefit - income tax expense was $398 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to income tax expense of $248 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase in income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to higher pretax income, resulting from higher ebit in our core and non-core segments, as noted above.
liquidity and capital resources - at december 31, 2021, working capital, which equals total current assets less total current liabilities, was $7,136 million, an increase of $1,940 million, compared to working capital of $5,196 million at december 31, 2020. the increase in working capital is primarily due to higher commodity prices, including related increases in readily marketable inventories ("rmi") purchases, and lower short-term debt levels driven by a $1 billion long-term bond issuance in the second quarter of 2021 (see note 18- long-term debt, to our consolidated financial statements), from which a portion of the proceeds were used to pay down short-term debt.
segment overview and results of operations effective january 1, 2021, we changed our reporting segments to align with our new value chain operational structure, as discussed in note 28- segment information to our consolidated financial statements. certain reclassifications of prior period amounts within the reporting segments have been made to conform to current presentation.
our operations are now organized, managed and classified into four reportable segments, organized based upon their similar economic characteristics, nature of products and services offered, production processes, types and classes of customer, and distribution methods. we further organize these reportable segments into core operations and non-core operations. core operations comprise our agribusiness, refined and specialty oils, and milling segments. non-core operations comprise our sugar & bioenergy segment, which itself primarily comprises our 50% interest in the net earnings of bp bunge bioenergia, a joint venture with bp p.l.c. ("bp").
our remaining operations are not reportable segments, as defined by the applicable accounting standard, and are classified as corporate and other. corporate and other includes salaries and overhead for corporate functions that are not allocated to our individual reporting segments because the operating performance of each reporting segment is evaluated by the company's chief operating decision maker exclusive of these items, as well as certain other activities including bunge ventures, the company's captive insurance program, accounts receivable securitization activities, and certain income tax assets and liabilities.
a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to bunge to total segment ebit follows:
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                            2021                    2020                      2019
net income (loss) attributable to bunge                                 $2,078                  $1,145                  $(1,280)
interest income                                                           (48)                    (22)                      (31)
interest expense                                                           243                     265                       339
income tax expense                                                         398                     248                        86
noncontrolling interests' share of interest and tax                       (10)                     (3)                       (5)
total segment ebit                                                      $2,661                  $1,633                    $(891)
agribusiness segment ebit                                                2,290                   1,560                       737
refined and specialty oils segment ebit                                    666                     440                       121
milling segment ebit                                                      (74)                      91                        96
core segment ebit                                                        2,882                   2,091                       954
corporate and other ebit                                                 (333)                   (371)                     (248)
sugar and bioenergy segment ebit                                           112                    (87)                   (1,597)
non-core segment ebit                                                      112                    (87)                   (1,597)
total segment ebit                                                      $2,661                  $1,633                    $(891)
30
core segments agribusiness segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                        2021                      2020                      2019
volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                  142,013                   143,054                   139,158
net sales                                                          $43,636                   $30,047                   $28,920
cost of goods sold                                                (41,133)                  (28,185)                  (27,765)
gross profit                                                         2,503                     1,862                     1,155
selling, general and administrative expense                          (432)                     (520)                     (490)
foreign exchange (losses) gains - net                                 (24)                       150                      (36)
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                         (28)                      (21)                         1
other income - net                                                     215                        42                        65
income (loss) from affiliates                                           56                        47                        42
total agribusiness segment ebit                                     $2,290                    $1,560                      $737
2021 compared to 2020
agribusiness segment net sales increased by $13,589 million, or 45%, to $43,636 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $30,047 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was due to the following:
•in processing, net sales increased $7,125 million primarily due to significantly higher average sales prices in our soybean processing businesses in all regions, driven by higher commodity prices, and significantly higher average sales prices in our european softseed processing business. the above increases were partially offset by slightly lower volumes in most key regions.
•in merchandising, net sales increased $6,464 million due to significantly higher average sales prices, primarily in our global corn, global oil and global wheat businesses, driven by higher commodity prices, and higher sales in our ocean freight business driven by increased global freight demand and related sales prices.
cost of goods sold increased by $12,948 million, or 46%, to $41,133 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $28,185 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily due to the following:
•in processing, cost of goods sold increased by $6,492 million due to higher global commodity prices and related sales as noted above, as well as increased industrial input costs driven by inflation, in particular energy, partially offset by favorable mark-to-market results in our global soybean processing businesses.
•in merchandising, cost of goods sold increased by $6,456 million due to higher global commodity prices and related sales as noted above, as well as increased industrial input costs driven by inflation, in particular energy, and unfavorable mark-to-market results, primarily in our ocean freight business.
gross profit increased by $641 million, or 34%, to $2,503 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $1,862 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily due to the following:
•in processing, an increase of $633 million was due to higher net sales in excess of higher cost of goods sold, as a result of strong oil and meal demand leading to higher sales prices, coupled with favorable mark-to-market results, as described above.
•in merchandising, an increase of $8 million was due to higher net sales in excess of higher cost of goods sold, as higher average sales prices were partially offset by unfavorable mark-to-market results, as described above.
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses decreased $88 million, or 17%, to $432 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $520 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily due to a higher portion of variable incentive costs being allocated to corporate and other activities in the current year, as well as favorable currency movements, primarily from the weakening of the argentine peso and brazilian real.
foreign exchange gains (losses) - net decreased $174 million, to a loss of $24 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to a gain of $150 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. foreign exchange results were primarily driven by losses on u.s. dollar denominated loans payable in non-u.s. functional currency operations.
other income (expenses) - net increased $173 million, to income of $215 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to income of $42 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase is primarily due to a $158 million gain resulting from the sale of certain interior grain elevators located in the united states during 2021.
segment ebit increased $730 million, or 47%, to $2,290 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $1,560 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily due to the following:
•in processing, an increase of $558 million was primarily due to higher gross profit, lower sg&a and higher other income (expense) - net, partially offset by foreign exchange losses, as described above.
•in merchandising, an increase of $172 million was primarily due to higher gross profit, lower sg&a and higher other income (expense) - net, partially offset by foreign exchange losses, as described above.
2020 compared to 2019
agribusiness segment net sales increased by $1,127 million, or 4%, to $30,047 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $28,920 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was due to the following:
•in processing, net sales increased $638 million principally due to higher sales volumes in our south american, north american, and european and asian soybean processing businesses, primarily driven by increased meal demand in china and increased oil demand in north america, as well as higher volumes and prices in our canadian and european softseed processing businesses, driven by demand for renewable diesel.
•in merchandising, net sales increased $489 million primarily due to higher average sales prices and volumes in our global corn and global oil businesses, driven by increased demand in china following an easing of trade restrictions in place for much of 2019, as well as higher volumes in brazil driven by increased farmer selling in response to depreciation of brazilian real versus the u.s. dollar earlier in the year. the above increases were partially offset by lower volumes in our global wheat business.
cost of goods sold increased by $420 million, or 2%, to $28,185 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $27,765 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to the following:
•in processing, cost of goods sold increased by $195 million due to higher sales activity, as described above, as well as unfavorable mark-to-market results in our processing businesses, partially offset by favorable translation impacts on industrial costs as most currencies in which such expenses are denominated depreciated versus the u.s. dollar during 2020, as well as non-recurring prior year property, plant and equipment (pp&e) impairment charges at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives.
•in merchandising, cost of goods sold increased by $225 million due to the higher sales activity noted above, partially offset by favorable mark-to-market results and translation impacts on industrial costs as most currencies in which such expenses are denominated depreciated versus the u.s. dollar during 2020, as well as non-recurring prior year pp&e impairment charges at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives.
gross profit increased by $707 million, or 61%, to $1,862 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $1,155 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the net increase was primarily due to the following:
•in processing, an increase of $443 million was due to higher net sales in excess of higher cost of goods sold, primarily driven by strong demand in our soybean processing businesses across all regions, as described above.
•in merchandising, an increase of $264 million was due to higher net sales in excess of higher cost of goods sold, primarily driven by strong demand in our global corn and global oil businesses, as described above.
sg&a expenses increased $30 million, or 6%, to $520 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $490 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was mainly due to higher variable incentive costs on the back of improved overall company profitability, partially offset by savings associated with ongoing cost initiatives, lower expenses due to covid-19 travel restrictions, favorable translation impacts as most currencies in which sg&a expenses are denominated depreciated versus the u.s. dollar during 2020, and an $11 million prior year write-off of an indemnification asset associated with the reversal of an uncertain tax position.
foreign exchange gains (losses) - net increased $186 million, to a gain of $150 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to a loss of $36 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. foreign exchange results were primarily driven by gains on u.s. dollar denominated loans receivable in non-u.s. functional currency operations.
other income (expenses) - net decreased $23 million, to income of $42 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to income of $65 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to lower results from our financial services activities during 2020.
segment ebit increased $823 million, or 112%, to $1,560 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $737 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to the following:
•in processing, an increase of $543 million was primarily due to higher gross profit and increased foreign exchange results, partially offset by higher sg&a expenses, as described above.
•in merchandising, an increase of $280 million was primarily due to higher gross profit and increased foreign exchange results, partially offset by higher sg&a expenses, as described above.
refined and specialty oils segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                        2021                    2020                    2019
volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                    9,202                   9,529                   9,632
net sales                                                          $13,332                  $9,599                  $9,193
cost of goods sold                                                (12,476)                 (8,859)                 (8,582)
gross profit                                                           856                     740                     611
selling, general and administrative expense                          (355)                   (391)                   (375)
foreign exchange losses - net                                          (1)                     (2)                     (1)
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                         (73)                     (2)                       7
other income (expense) - net                                           239                      95                   (121)
total refined and specialty oils segment ebit                         $666                    $440                    $121
2021 compared to 2020
refined and specialty oils segment net sales increased by $3,733 million, or 39%, to $13,332 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $9,599 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to significantly higher average selling prices in north america, europe and asia, driven by strong demand for renewable diesel and in food services. the above increases were partially offset by lower overall volumes, driven by our south american operations due to stay-at-home orders associated with covid-19 earlier in the current year, as well as the sale of our brazilian margarine and mayonnaise assets in late 2020.
cost of goods sold increased by $3,617 million, or 41%, to $12,476 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $8,859 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase in cost of goods sold was due to higher raw material commodity prices as discussed above, higher industrial input costs, in particular energy, and a $50 million impairment charge, which includes $15 million attributable to noncontrolling interests, recorded in relation to an oils facility in china. these increases were partially offset by lower overall volumes as described in net sales above.
gross profit increased by $116 million, or 16%, to $856 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $740 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was due to the increase in net sales in excess of the increase in cost of goods sold, primarily driven by strong demand for renewable diesel and in food services, as described above.
sg&a expenses decreased $36 million, or 9%, to $355 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $391 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to higher bad debt expense recorded in the prior year, favorable currency movements, primarily from the weakening of the brazilian real, and the allocation of a higher portion of variable incentive costs to corporate and other activities in the current year.
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests, an expense when subsidiaries with noncontrolling interests generate earnings before interest and tax, versus income when subsidiaries with noncontrolling interests generate loss before interest and tax, decreased by $71 million, to expense of $73 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to expense of $2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the expense for the current year is primarily due to improved results in bunge loders croklaan, including the noncontrolling interest share of the gain on sale of our rotterdam oils refinery, partially offset by the noncontrolling interest share of an impairment charge on an oils facility in china.
other income (expenses) - net increased $144 million to income of $239 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to income of $95 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. current period income was primarily due to a $219 million gain, which includes the amount attributable to noncontrolling interests, resulting on the sale of our rotterdam oils refinery, as well as a $19 million gain on the sale of a mexican oils packaging facility. prior period income was due to a gain on the sale of our brazilian margarine and mayonnaise assets, which closed during the fourth quarter of 2020.
segment ebit increased by $226 million, or 51%, to $666 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $440 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily due to higher gross profit and other income (expenses) - net, and lower sg&a, partially offset by higher ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests, as described above.
2020 compared to 2019
refined and specialty oils segment net sales increased by $406 million, or 4%, to $9,599 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $9,193 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was due to higher average selling prices in all regions, and higher sales volumes to food processor customers driven by increased at-home consumption associated with covid-19 stay-at-home orders, partially offset by lower food services volumes, again due to covid-19. the year ended december 31, 2020 also benefited from $47 million of indirect tax credits related to the favorable resolution of a brazilian indirect tax claim.
cost of goods sold increased by $277 million, or 3%, to $8,859 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $8,582 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in cost of goods sold was due to higher net sales, partially offset by favorable translation impacts, unfavorable mark-to-market results in 2019, and approximately $40 million of non-recurring pp&e impairment charges at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives during 2019.
gross profit increased by $129 million, or 21%, to $740 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $611 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to higher net sales in excess of higher cost of goods sold, primarily related to food processor margin expansion resulting from increased at-home consumption associated with covid-19 stay-at-home orders, as described above.
sg&a expenses increased $16 million, or 4%, to $391 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $375 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to higher variable incentive costs on the back of improved overall company profitability and increased bad debt expense, partially offset by favorable translation impacts and lower travel costs associated with covid-19 travel restrictions.
other income (expenses) - net increased $216 million, or 179%, to income of $95 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to expense of $121 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, due to a gain on the sale of our brazilian margarine and mayonnaise assets, which closed in the fourth quarter of 2020, and a 2019 goodwill impairment charge of $108 million, which includes $32 million attributable to noncontrolling interests associated with our bunge loders croklaan joint venture.
segment ebit increased by $319 million, or 264%, to $440 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $121 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to higher gross profit and other income (expenses) - net, as described above.
milling segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                      2021                    2020                    2019
volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                  7,189                   6,091                   6,824
net sales                                                         $1,909                  $1,616                  $1,739
cost of goods sold                                               (1,882)                 (1,427)                 (1,555)
gross profit                                                          27                     189                     184
selling, general and administrative expense                         (96)                   (100)                   (114)
foreign exchange (losses) gains - net                                (2)                       4                       6
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                        (1)                       -                     (2)
other (expense) income - net                                           -                     (1)                      22
loss from affiliates                                                 (2)                     (1)                       -
total milling segment ebit                                         $(74)                     $91                     $96
2021 compared to 2020
milling segment net sales increased by $293 million, or 18%, to $1,909 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $1,616 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily due to higher volumes and average sales prices in our south american and mexican wheat milling businesses and higher average sales prices in our north american corn milling business, partially offset by lower volumes in north america due to the sale of our rice milling business in the prior year.
cost of goods sold increased by $455 million, or 32%, to $1,882 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $1,427 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily driven by the increased sales activity noted above, higher industrial costs, in particular energy, and a non-recurring impairment charge of $170 million related to the classification of our mexican wheat milling business as held-for-sale, as described further in note 2- acquisitions and dispositions. these increases were partially offset by lower volumes in north america resulting from the prior year sale of our rice business and favorable current year mark-to-market results.
gross profit decreased by $162 million, or 86%, to $27 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $189 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily due to the increase in cost of goods sold in excess of the increase in net sales, mostly due to a non-recurring impairment charge of $170 million related to the classification of our mexican wheat milling business as held-for-sale, as described above.
sg&a expenses decreased by $4 million, or 4%, to $96 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $100 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily due to a higher portion of variable incentive costs being allocated to corporate and other.
segment ebit decreased by $165 million, or 181%, to a loss before interest and taxes of $74 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to earnings before interest and taxes of $91 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily due to lower gross profit, mostly driven by a non-recurring impairment charge of $170 million related to the classification of our mexican wheat milling business as held-for-sale, as described above.
2020 compared to 2019
milling segment net sales decreased by $123 million, or 7%, to $1,616 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $1,739 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to lower average sales prices in brazil and mexico, and lower sales prices in our u.s. corn milling business, which more than offset higher volumes.
cost of goods sold decreased by $128 million, or 8%, to $1,427 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $1,555 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was due to lower net sales, as described above, favorable translation impacts on industrial costs following depreciation of the brazilian real and mexican peso versus the u.s. dollar in 2020, and approximately $28 million of non-recurring impairment charges associated with our u.s. extrusion business and portfolio rationalization initiatives in 2019.
35
gross profit increased by $5 million, or 3%, to $189 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $184 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was due to a decrease in cost of goods sold in excess of the decrease in net sales, as described above.
sg&a expenses decreased by $14 million, or 12%, to $100 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $114 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 as favorable translation impacts and lower travel costs associated with covid-19 restrictions were partially offset by higher variable compensation costs associated with improved company profitability.
other income (expenses) - net decreased $23 million, to expense of $1 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to income of $22 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease is primarily due to a $19 million gain on the sale of two facilities in brazil during 2019.
segment ebit decreased $5 million, or 5%, to $91 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $96 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily due to lower other income (expense) - net, partially offset by lower sg&a and higher gross profit, as described above.
corporate and other year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                      2021   2020                                     2019
net sales                                                             $5                      $-                      $-
cost of goods sold                                                  (34)                     (9)                     (4)
gross profit                                                        (29)                     (9)                     (4)
selling, general and administrative expense                        (350)                   (347)                   (335)
foreign exchange (losses) gains - net                               (11)                     (2)                       3
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                          3                       -                       -
other income (expense) - net                                          54                    (12)                      89
loss from affiliates                                                   -                     (1)                     (1)
total corporate and other ebit                                    $(333)                  $(371)                  $(248)
2021 compared to 2020
corporate and other ebit improved $38 million, or 10%, to a loss of $333 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to a loss of $371 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the improved result is primarily due to our corporate venture capital unit (bunge ventures) activities, which benefited from a net mark-to-market gain on the initial public offering of two of its investments during the current year period, as well as a bad debt expense and related legal provision in relation to an historical account receivable balance deemed uncollectible in the prior year period, partially offset by higher variable incentive costs in the current year due in part to allocating a larger portion of variable incentive costs from the segments to corporate and other activities in the current year.
2020 compared to 2019
corporate and other ebit decreased $123 million, or 50%, to a loss of $371 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to a loss of $248 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease is primarily due to higher variable incentive costs associated with improved company profitability during 2020, $66 million in bad debt expense in relation to a disputed account receivable balance stemming from an historical account receivable balance deemed uncollectible, and positive mark-to-market results on one of our corporate venture capital unit investments in 2019, partially offset by non-recurring impairment charges and related employee severance costs associated with the relocation of our corporate headquarters in 2019, and lower travel costs in 2020 due to covid-19 restrictions.
36
non-core segment sugar and bioenergy segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                    2021                  2020   2019
volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                  375                   334                     3,836
net sales                                                         $270                  $142                    $1,288
cost of goods sold                                               (264)                 (139)                   (2,692)
gross profit                                                         6                     3                   (1,404)
selling, general and administrative expense                        (1)                     -                      (37)
foreign exchange losses - net                                        -                     -                      (89)
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                        -                     -                         -
other income (expense) - net                                         1                     2                      (66)
income (loss) from affiliates                                      106                  (92)                       (1)
total sugar and bioenergy segment ebit                            $112                 $(87)                  $(1,597)
2021 compared to 2020
segment ebit increased $199 million, or 229%, to income of $112 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, from a loss of $87 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase is due to more favorable results from our investment in bp bunge bioenergia, driven by higher sugar and ethanol volumes and higher average sugar and ethanol sales prices in the current period, as well as a significant prior year foreign exchange loss on u.s. dollar denominated debt of the joint venture due to a large depreciation in the brazilian real during 2020.
2020 compared to 2019
segment ebit increased by $1,510 million, or 95% to a loss of $87 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to a loss of $1,597 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to $1,673 million in non-recurring charges incurred in 2019 associated with the contribution of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations, comprising the majority of our sugar and bioenergy segment, to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture during the fourth quarter of 2019.
interest-a summary of consolidated interest income and expense follows:
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)       2021                  2020                  2019
interest income                      $48                   $22                   $31
interest expense                   (243)                 (265)                 (339)
2021 compared to 2020
interest income increased $26 million to $48 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $22 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. interest expense decreased $22 million to $243 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $265 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease in net interest expense was primarily due to lower variable interest rates, as well as increased interest income primarily driven by the positive resolution of an historical value-added tax matter, during the year ended december 31, 2021.
2020 compared to 2019
interest income decreased $9 million to $22 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. interest expense decreased $74 million to $265 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $339 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the net decrease was the result of lower average interest rates on outstanding debt during the year ended december 31, 2020.
37
liquidity and capital resources our main financial objectives are to prudently manage financial risks, ensure consistent access to liquidity and minimize cost of capital in order to efficiently finance our business and maintain balance sheet strength. we generally finance our ongoing operations with cash flows generated from operations, issuances of commercial paper, borrowings under various bilateral and syndicated revolving credit facilities, term loans and proceeds from the issuance of senior notes. acquisitions and long-lived assets are generally financed with a combination of equity and long-term debt.
working capital as of december 31, us$ in millions, except current ratio                  2021                            2020
cash and cash equivalents                         $902                            $352
trade accounts receivable, net                   2,112                           1,717
inventories                                      8,431                           7,172
other current assets(1)                          5,015                           6,940
total current assets                           $16,460                         $16,181
short-term debt                                   $673                          $2,828
current portion of long-term debt                  504                               8
trade accounts payable                           4,250                           2,636
current operating lease obligations                350                             235
other current liabilities(2)                     3,547                           5,278
total current liabilities                       $9,324                         $10,985
working capital(3)                              $7,136                          $5,196
current ratio(3)                                  1.77                            1.47
(1)comprises assets held for sale and other current assets
(2)comprises liabilities held for sale and other current liabilities
(3)working capital is defined as total current assets less total current liabilities; current ratio represents total current assets divided by total current liabilities working capital was $7,136 million at december 31, 2021, an increase of $1,940 million, or 37%, from working capital of $5,196 million at december 31, 2020.
cash and cash equivalents - cash and cash equivalents were $902 million at december 31, 2021, an increase of $550 million from $352 million at december 31, 2020, primarily as a result of improved operating results. cash balances are managed in accordance with our investment policy, the objectives of which are to preserve the principal value of our cash assets, maintain a high degree of liquidity and deliver competitive returns subject to prevailing market conditions. cash balances are invested in short-term deposits with highly rated financial institutions and in u.s. government securities.
trade accounts receivable, net - trade accounts receivable, net were $2,112 million at december 31, 2021, an increase of $395 million from $1,717 million at december 31, 2020. the increase is primarily due to increased net sales in the current year driven by factors described in the segment overview & results of operations section above.
inventories - inventories were $8,431 million at december 31, 2021, an increase of $1,259 million from $7,172 million at december 31, 2020. the increase is primarily related to higher average commodity prices at the end of the current year relative to the prior year.
rmi comprises agricultural commodity inventories, including soybeans, soybean meal, soybean oil, corn, and wheat that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics, widely available markets and international pricing mechanisms. total rmi reported at fair value were $6,869 million and $5,961 million at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively (see note 5- inventories, to our consolidated financial statements).
other current assets - other current assets, including assets held for sale, were $5,015 million at december 31, 2021, a decrease of $1,925 million from $6,940 million at december 31, 2020. the decrease is primarily due to decreased unrealized gains on derivative contracts, lower margin deposits, and completion of the sale of our rotterdam oils facility and united states
38
interior grain assets during the year ended december 31, 2021, which were classified as held for sale at december 31, 2020. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in deferred purchase price receivable (see note 4- trade accounts receivable and trade receivable securitization program, to our consolidated financial statements) as well as the reclassification of certain assets associated with our mexico wheat milling business as held for sale during the current year (see note 2- acquisitions and dispositions, to our consolidated financial statements).
short-term debt - short-term debt, including the current portion of long-term debt, was $1,177 million at december 31, 2021, a decrease of $1,659 million from $2,836 million at december 31, 2020. the lower short-term debt level at december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020 is primarily driven by a $1 billion long-term bond issuance in the second quarter of 2021 (see note 18- long-term debt, to our consolidated financial statements), from which a portion of the proceeds were used to pay down short-term debt, in addition to increased cash from operations used to pay down debt in the current year.
trade accounts payable - trade accounts payable were $4,250 million at december 31, 2021, an increase of $1,614 million from $2,636 million at december 31, 2020. the increase in trade accounts payable was primarily due to higher average inventory purchase prices during the current year as well as the timing of payments.
other current liabilities - other current liabilities, including liabilities held for sale, were $3,547 million at december 31, 2021, a decrease of $1,731 million from $5,278 million at december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily due to decreased unrealized losses on derivative contracts, the sale of our united states interior grain assets that were classified as held for sale at december 31, 2020, and a payment to acquire the noncontrolling equity interests in our z.t. kruszwica s.a. subsidiary in europe during the year ended december 31, 2021 (see note 13- other current liabilities, to our consolidated financial statements). the liabilities held for sale balance as of december 31, 2021 relates to the classification of our mexico wheat milling business as held for sale during the current year (see note 2- acquisitions and dispositions, to our consolidated financial statements).
debt financing arrangements and outstanding indebtedness-we conduct most of our financing activities through a centralized financing structure that provides the company with efficient access to debt and capital markets. this structure includes a master trust, the primary assets of which comprise intercompany loans made to bunge limited and its subsidiaries. certain of bunge limited's 100% owned finance subsidiaries, bunge limited finance corp., bunge finance europe b.v. and bunge asset funding corp., fund the master trust with short and long-term debt obtained from third parties, including through our commercial paper program and certain credit facilities, as well as the issuance of senior notes. borrowings by these finance subsidiaries carry full, unconditional guarantees by bunge limited.
revolving credit facilities-at december 31, 2021, we had $5,565 million of aggregate committed borrowing capacity under our commercial paper program and various revolving bilateral and syndicated credit facilities, all of which was unused and available. the following table summarizes these facilities for the years presented:
total committedcapacity (6)   borrowings outstanding commercial paper program and revolving credit facilities (1)                       maturities                            december 31, 2021   december 31, 2021                       december 31, 2020
commercial paper                                                                         2026                             $600               $-                                           $549
revolving credit facilities
$1 billion 364-day revolving credit agreement (2)                                        2022                            1,000               -                                             250
$1.75 billion 2024 revolving credit facility (3)                                         2024                            1,750               -                                             554
$1.35 billion 5-year revolving credit agreement (4)                                      2026                            1,350               -                                               -
$865 million 2026 revolving credit facility (5)                                          2026                              865               -                                             140
total revolving credit facilities                                                                                        4,965               -                                             944
total (6)                                                                                                               $5,565               $-                                         $1,493
(1)see note 17- short-term debt and credit facilities for further information on these programs.
(2)the $1 billion 364-day revolving credit agreement replaced the $1.25 billion 364-day revolving credit agreement that was in place as of december 31, 2020 and set to mature on october 21, 2021.
(3)the $1.75 billion 2024 revolving credit facility replaced the $1.75 billion 2022 revolving credit facility that was in place as of december 31, 2020 and set to mature on december 12, 2022.
(4)the $1.35 billion credit agreement replaced the $1.1 billion five-year syndicated revolving credit agreement that was in place as of december 31, 2020 and set to mature on december 14, 2023.
(5)the $865 million 2026 facility replaced the $865 million revolving credit facility that was in place as of december 31, 2020 and set to mature on september 6, 2022.
(6)total committed capacity for our commercial paper program and revolving credit facilities excludes the committed capacity of our $250 million delayed draw term loan required to be drawn by october 29, 2022 (see note 18- long-term debt).
short and long-term debt-our short and long-term debt decreased by $1,324 million at december 31, 2021 from december 31, 2020, primarily due to cash inflows from operations, including net proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables. these cash inflows helped to reduce the debt required to fund the increased working capital requirements throughout the year. for the year ended december 31, 2021, our average short and long-term debt outstanding was approximately $7,181 million compared to approximately $6,100 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. our long-term debt outstanding balance, including the current-portion of long-term debt, was $5,291 million at december 31, 2021 compared to $4,460 million at december 31, 2020.
the following table summarizes our short-term debt activity at december 31, 2021.
(us$ in millions)          outstanding                                weighted                    highest                   average                weighted balance at                                  average                    balance                   balance                 average december 31,                               interest                outstanding                    during                interest
2021                                        rate at                     during                      2021                    rate december 31,                       2021                                            during
2021                                                                         2021
bank borrowings(1)         $673                                   19.62      %               $3,683                     $2,044                    4.18    %
commercial paper           -                                          -      %                  475                        154                    0.25    %
total                      $673                                   19.62      %                                          $2,198                    3.90    %
(1)includes $566 million of local currency bank borrowings in certain european, south american and asia-pacific countries at a weighted average interest rate of 23.14% as of december 31, 2021.
from time to time, through our financing subsidiaries, we enter into bilateral short-term credit lines as necessary based on our financing requirements. at december 31, 2021 there were no borrowings outstanding under these bilateral short-term credit lines. in addition, bunge's operating companies had $673 million and $785 million in short-term borrowings outstanding from local bank lines of credit at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to support working capital requirements.
on october 29, 2021, we entered into an unsecured $250 million delayed draw term loan (the "$250 million delayed draw term loan") with a group of lenders that is required to be drawn by october 29, 2022. the $250 million delayed draw term loan will bear interest at libor plus an applicable margin, as defined in the $250 million delayed draw term loan agreement. the $250 million delayed draw term loan matures on october 29, 2028 and was not drawn as of december 31, 2021.
the following table summarizes our short and long-term debt:
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                                               2021                        2020
short-term debt: (1)
short-term debt (2)                                                                         $673                      $2,828
current portion of long-term debt                                                            504                           8
total short-term debt                                                                      1,177                       2,836
long-term debt:
term loan due 2024 - three-month yen libor plus 0.75% (tranche a) (5)                        267                         297
term loan due 2024 - three-month libor plus 1.30% (tranche b)                                 89                          89
3.00% senior notes due 2022                                                                  399                         399
1.85% senior notes due 2023 - euro                                                           906                         982
4.35% senior notes due 2024                                                                  598                         597
1.63% senior notes due 2025                                                                  596                         595
3.25% senior notes due 2026                                                                  697                         696
3.75% senior notes due 2027                                                                  596                         595
2.75% senior notes due 2031(3)                                                               989                           -
other                                                                                        154                         210
subtotal                                                                                   5,291                       4,460
less: current portion of long-term debt                                                    (504)                         (8)
total long-term debt (4)                                                                   4,787                       4,452
total debt                                                                                $5,964                      $7,288
(1)    includes secured debt of $43 million and $1 million at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively.
(2)    includes $566 million and $558 million of local currency borrowings in certain european, south american, and asia-pacific countries at a weighted average interest rate of 23.14% and 24.54% as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively.
(3)    see note 18- long-term debt for further information on the 2.75% senior notes due 2031.
(4)    includes secured debt of $50 million and $5 million at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively.
(5) effective january 1, 2022, the three-month yen libor rate was discontinued and replaced by the tokyo overnight average rate ("tonar" or "tona").
credit ratings-bunge's debt ratings and outlook by major credit rating agencies at december 31, 2021 were as follows:
short-termdebt(1)       long-term         outlook debt standard &amp; poor's         a-1                     bbb               stable moody's                       p-1                     baa2              stable fitch                                                 bbb               stable
(1)short-term rating applies only to bunge asset funding corp., the issuer under our commercial paper program.
our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt. however, credit rating downgrades would increase borrowing costs under our credit facilities and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on competitive terms. a significant increase in our borrowing costs could impair our ability to compete effectively in our business relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.
our credit facilities and certain senior notes require us to comply with specified financial covenants, including minimum net worth, minimum current ratio, maximum debt to capitalization ratio, and limitations on secured indebtedness. we were in compliance with these covenants as of december 31, 2021.
41
trade receivable securitization program the company, and certain of its subsidiaries participate in a trade receivable securitization program (the "program") with a financial institution, as administrative agent, and certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers (collectively, the "purchasers") that provides for funding of up to $925 million against receivables sold into the program. the program, which provides us with an additional source of liquidity, terminates on may 17, 2024, unless extended for an additional period in accordance with the terms of the receivables transfer agreement.
our risk of loss following the sale of the trade receivables under the program is limited to the deferred purchase price receivable (the "dpp"), which at december 31, 2021 and 2020 had a fair value of $496 million and $177 million, respectively, and is included in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets (see note 4- trade accounts receivable and trade receivable securitization program to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k). the dpp will be repaid in cash as receivables are collected, generally within 30 days. delinquencies and credit losses on trade receivables sold under the program during the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 were insignificant.
interest rate swap agreements we may use interest rate swaps as hedging instruments and record the swaps at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. additionally, the carrying amount of the associated debt is adjusted through earnings for changes in fair value due to changes in benchmark interest rates. see note 16- derivative instruments and hedging activities to our consolidated financial statements.
equity total equity is set forth in the following table:
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                                      2021                        2020
convertible perpetual preference shares                                            $690                        $690
common shares                                                                         1                           1
additional paid-in capital                                                        5,590                       5,408
retained earnings                                                                 8,979                       7,236
accumulated other comprehensive loss                                            (6,471)                     (6,246)
treasury shares, at cost (2021-16,726,697 and 2020-15,428,313)                  (1,120)                     (1,020)
total bunge shareholders' equity                                                  7,669                       6,069
noncontrolling interests                                                            156                         136
total equity                                                                     $7,825                      $6,205
total bunge shareholders' equity was $7,669 million at december 31, 2021 compared to $6,069 million at december 31, 2020. the increase in bunge shareholders' equity during the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to $2,078 million of net income attributable to bunge and $122 million from the issuance of common shares under our share based compensation programs, partially offset by $225 million of other comprehensive loss, primarily driven by currency translation adjustments, $294 million and $34 million of declared dividends to common and preferred shareholders, respectively, and $100 million of common share repurchases.
noncontrolling interest increased to $156 million at december 31, 2021 from $136 million at december 31, 2020 primarily due to net income attributable to our noncontrolling interest entities, offset by dividends paid to non-controlling interest holders.
at december 31, 2021, we had 6,899,683 4.875% cumulative convertible perpetual preference shares outstanding with an aggregate liquidation preference of $690 million. each convertible perpetual preference share has an initial liquidation preference of $100, per share plus accumulated unpaid dividends up to a maximum of an additional $25 per share. the convertible perpetual preference shares carry an annual dividend of $4.875 per share payable quarterly. as a result of adjustments made to the initial conversion price because cash dividends paid on bunge limited's common shares exceeded certain specified thresholds, each convertible perpetual preference share is convertible, at the holder's option, at any time into 1.2799 bunge limited common shares, based on the conversion price of $78.1322 per share, subject to certain additional anti-dilution adjustments (which represents 8,830,904 bunge limited common shares at december 31, 2021). at any time, if the closing price of our common shares equals or exceeds 130% of the conversion price for 20 trading days during any consecutive 30 trading days (including the last trading day of such period), we may elect to cause the convertible perpetual preference
42
shares to be automatically converted into bunge limited common shares at the then-prevailing conversion price. the convertible perpetual preference shares are not redeemable by us at any time.
share repurchase program - in may 2015, we established a program for the repurchase of up to $500 million of our issued and outstanding common shares. the program has no expiration date. bunge repurchased 1,298,384 common shares under this program during the year ended december 31, 2021, for $100 million, and 2,546,000 common shares under this program during the year ended december 31, 2020, for $100 million. total repurchases under the program from its inception in may 2015 through december 31, 2021 were 8,551,824 shares for $500 million.
during october 2021, our board of directors approved a new program for the repurchase of up to $500 million of our issued and outstanding common shares. the program has no expiration date, and there have been no repurchases under this program as of december 31, 2021.
cash flows year ended december 31, us$ in millions                                                                        2021                                              2020                        2019
cash used for operating activities                                                                 $(2,894)                      $(3,536)                      $(808)
cash provided by investing activities                                                                 5,113                         1,813                       1,503
cash (used for) provided by financing activities                                                    (1,632)                         1,763                       (771)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash                       (63)                            19                           5
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash                               $524                           $59                       $(71)
our cash flows from operations vary depending on, among other items, the market prices and timing of the purchase and sale of our inventories. generally, during periods when commodity prices are rising, our agribusiness operations require increased use of cash to support working capital to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to minimize price risk related to the purchase and sale of our inventories.
2021 compared to 2020
for the year ended december 31, 2021, our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash increased $524 million, compared to a decrease of $59 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
operating: cash used for operating activities was $2,894 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, a decrease of $642 million compared to cash used for operating activities of $3,536 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease in cash used was primarily due to higher net income and lower cash required to fund working capital, partially offset by increased beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables driven by increased sales during the year ended december 31, 2021.
year ended december 31, us$ in millions                                                               2021                        2020
cash used for operating activities                                                        $(2,894)                       $(3,536)
net proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables                       5,057                       1,943
cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted                                  $2,163                       $(1,593)
cash provided by operating activities, adjusted for proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables was $2,163 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to cash used for operating activities of $1,593 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the change was primarily due to higher net income, net of non-cash gains and losses, during the year ended december 31, 2021.
certain of our non-u.s. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with u.s. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with u.s. dollar-denominated assets. the functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. the financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into u.s. dollars. u.s. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. also, certain of our u.s. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the u.s. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. local currency loans in u.s. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the u.s. are remeasured into u.s. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. the resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange (losses) gains - net. for the year ended december 31, 2021 we recorded a foreign currency loss on net debt of $78 million versus a foreign currency gain on net debt for the year ended december 31, 2020 of $206 million, which were included as adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used for operating activities in the line item "foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows. this adjustment is required as the gains and losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations.
investing: cash provided by investing activities was $5,113 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $1,813 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $3,300 million. the increase was primarily due to higher net proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables as well as proceeds from the sales of our united states interior grain elevators and oils facilities in rotterdam and in mexico, partially offset by increased net payments for investments for the year ended december 31, 2021.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, net cash proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables was $5,057 million. we also generated proceeds from the divestiture of businesses and disposal of property, plant and equipment of $647 million driven by proceeds from the sales of our united states interior grain elevators and oils facilities in rotterdam and in mexico. in addition, we received proceeds from investments of $171 million, primarily promissory notes related to financial services investments, which were more than offset by payments of $308 million for such investments. we also made payments for capital expenditures of $399 million related to capital projects at various facilities. for the year ended december 31, 2020, cash from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables was $1,943 million. we also generated proceeds from the divestiture of businesses and disposal of property, plant and equipment of $194 million driven by proceeds from sales of our brazilian margarine and mayonnaise business and a u.s. rice mill. in addition, we received proceeds from investments of $305 million, primarily from promissory notes related to financial services investments, which were more than offset by payments of $337 million for such investments. we also made payments for capital expenditures of $365 million related to capital projects at various facilities.
financing: cash used for financing activities was $1,632 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, a decrease of $3,395 million, compared to cash provided by financing activities of $1,763 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, for the year ended december 31, 2021, we had net cash repayments from short-term and long-term debt of $1,097 million, primarily driven by net repayments of short-term debt, partially offset by proceeds from long-term debt resulting from our $1 billion bond issuance in may 2021. short-term debt is primarily used to fund seasonal working capital requirements, mostly comprising rmi, which can fluctuate based on funding requirements. additionally, we paid $147 million to acquire the noncontrolling equity interest of our polish subsidiary, z.t. kruszwica s.a. (see note 13- other current liabilities, to our consolidated financial statements), paid dividends of $323 million to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares, paid $76 million in dividends to noncontrolling interest shareholders of certain of our non-wholly owned subsidiaries, primarily loders, and repurchased $100 million of common shares. for the year ended december 31, 2020, net cash proceeds from short-term and long-term debt were $2,202 million, primarily used to fund seasonal working capital requirements, mostly comprising rmi. we also paid dividends of $316 million to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares and repurchased $100 million of common shares.
2020 compared to 2019
in 2020, our cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash increased by $59 million, compared to a decrease of $71 million in 2019.
operating: cash used for operating activities was $3,536 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $2,728 million compared to cash used for operating activities of $808 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was due to higher working capital funding requirements, primarily rmi and proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables, as a result of higher average commodity prices, partially offset by higher net income during the year ended december 31, 2020.
year ended december 31, us$ in millions                                                               2020                        2019
cash provided by (used for) operating activities                                       $(3,536)                             $(808)
net proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables                 1,943                                 1,312
cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted                             $(1,593)                               $504
cash used for operating activities, adjusted for proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables was $1,593 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to cash provided by operating activities of $504 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the change in cash provided by (used for) operating activities is due to higher working capital funding requirements, primarily rmi, partially offset by higher net income during the year ended december 31, 2020.
certain of our non-u.s. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with u.s. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with u.s. dollar-denominated assets. the functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. the financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into u.s. dollar. u.s. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. also, certain of our u.s. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the u.s. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. local currency loans in u.s. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the u.s. are remeasured into u.s. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. the resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains or losses. for the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded a foreign currency gain on net debt of $206 million versus a foreign currency loss on net debt for the year ended december 31, 2019 of $139 million, which were included as adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used for operating activities in the line item "foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows. this adjustment is required as these losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations.
investing: cash provided by investing activities was $1,813 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $1,503 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of $310 million. the increase was primarily due to higher proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables, lower capital expenditures, and higher cash inflows from settlements of net investment hedges, offset by lower net proceeds from investments and the divestiture of businesses and property, plant and equipment.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, cash from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables was $1,943 million. in addition, we received proceeds from investments of $305 million, primarily promissory notes related to financial services investments, which were more than offset by payments of $337 million for such investments. we also made payments for capital expenditures of $365 million related to capital projects at various facilities and received $65 million in proceeds from the settlement of net investment hedges of certain of our foreign operations. for the year ended december 31, 2019, cash from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables was $1,312 million. in addition, we received proceeds from investments of $449 million, primarily from promissory notes related to financial services investments, partially offset by payments of $393 million made for such investments. we also made payments for capital expenditures of $524 million, which primarily related to the replanting of sugarcane in our brazilian sugar and biofuels business that was contributed to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture in late 2019, as well as other capital projects at various facilities.
financing: cash provided by financing activities was $1,763 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $2,534 million, compared to cash used by financing activities of $771 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, we had net cash proceeds from short-term and long-term debt of $2,202 million, primarily used to fund seasonal working capital requirements, mostly comprising rmi. we also paid dividends of $316 million to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares, and we repurchased $100 million of common shares. for the year ended december 31, 2019, net cash repayments of short-term and long-term debt were $438 million, primarily due to lower overall debt needs following the transfer of our industrial sugar business in brazil to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture. in addition, we paid dividends of $317 million to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares.
capital expenditures our cash payments made for capital expenditures were $399 million, $365 million and $524 million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. we intend to make capital expenditures in the range of $650 million to $750 million in 2022. our priorities for 2022 are to maintain the cash generating capacity of our assets through non-discretionary projects, such as maintenance, safety and compliance, as well as discretionary investments in growth and productivity projects, focusing on our strategy to strengthen our oilseeds platform, increase participation in biofuels and plant-based proteins, and grow our value-added oils business. these discretionary and non-discretionary capital investments will also help us achieve certain of our environmental and sustainability related objectives. we intend to fund these capital expenditures primarily with cash flows from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees we have issued or were party to the following guarantees at december 31, 2021:
(us$ in millions)                                   maximum potential future payments unconsolidated affiliates guarantee (1)                  $244
residual value guarantee (2)                              271
other guarantees                                            7
total                                                    $522
(1)we have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions related to debt of certain of our unconsolidated affiliates. the terms of the guarantees are equal to the terms of the related financings which have maturity dates through 2034. there are no recourse provisions or collateral that would enable us to recover any amounts paid under these guarantees. in addition, one of our subsidiaries has guaranteed the obligations of two of its affiliates, and in connection therewith, has secured its guarantee obligations through a pledge of one of its affiliate's shares plus loans receivable from the affiliate to the financial institutions in the event that the guaranteed obligations are enforced. based on the amounts drawn under such debt facilities at december 31, 2021, our potential liability was $234 million, and we have recorded a $7 million obligation related to these guarantees.
(2)we have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions that are party to certain operating lease arrangements for railcars and barges. these guarantees provide for a minimum residual value to be received by the lessor at conclusion of the lease term. these leases expire at various dates from 2022 through 2028. at december 31, 2021, no obligation has been recorded related to these guarantees. any obligation recorded would be recognized in current operating lease obligations or non-current operating lease obligations (see note 27- leases, to our consolidated financial statements).
we have provided a guaranty to the director of the illinois department of agriculture as trustee for bunge north america, inc. ("bna"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, which guarantees all amounts due and owing by bna, to grain producers and/or depositors in the state of illinois who have delivered commodities to bna's illinois facilities.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations and their expected maturities at december 31, 2021, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in the future periods indicated.
payments due by period
(us$ in millions)                                       total            2022       2023 - 2024       2025 - 2026        2027 and thereafter short-term debt                                      $673            $673              $-                $-                      $-
long-term debt(1)                                   5,316             508           1,904             1,301                   1,603
variable interest rate obligations                      8               3               5                 -                       -
interest obligations on fixed rate debt               677             155             221               155                     146
non-cancelable lease obligations(2)                   930             372             354               126                      78
capital commitments                                    72              48              24                 -                       -
freight supply agreements(3)                          231             231               -                 -                       -
inventory purchase commitments                        426             409              17                 -                       -
power supply purchase commitments                     101              41              24                21                      15
other commitments and obligations(4)                  215             188              19                 7                       1
total contractual cash obligations(5)              $8,649          $2,628          $2,568            $1,610                  $1,843
(1)includes components of long-term debt attributable to unamortized premiums of $26 million and excludes components of long-term debt attributable to fair value hedge accounting of $1 million.
(2)represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable leases with initial terms of one year or more. minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease income receipts of $31 million due in future periods under non-cancelable subleases.
(3)represents purchase commitments for time on ocean freight vessels and railroad freight lines for the purpose of transporting agricultural commodities. the ocean freight service agreements are short term contracts with a duration of less than a year. ocean freight service agreements with terms in excess of one year are included in non-cancelable lease obligations. the railroad freight service agreements require a minimum monthly payment regardless of the actual level of freight services used. the costs of our freight supply agreements are typically passed through to our customers as a component of the prices we charge for our products. however, changes in the market value of such freight services compared to the rates at which we have contracted them may affect margins on the sales of agricultural commodities.
(4)represents other purchase commitments and obligations, such as take-or-pay contracts, throughput contracts, and debt commitment fees.
(5)does not include estimated payments of liabilities associated with uncertain income tax positions. as of december 31, 2021, bunge had uncertain income tax liabilities of $81 million, including interest and penalties. at this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with these tax liabilities; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations table. see note 14- income taxes to our consolidated financial statements.
employee benefit plans we expect to contribute $21 million to our defined benefit pension plans and $4 million to our postretirement benefit plans in 2022.
critical accounting policies and estimates our accounting policies are more fully described in note 1- nature of business, basis of presentation and significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k. as disclosed in note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. we believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments.
offsetting in the normal course of its operations we routinely enter into transactions resulting in the recognition of assets and liabilities stemming from unconditional obligations, for example trade receivables and trade payables, or conditional obligations, for example unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts at fair value, with the same counterparty. we generally record all such assets and liabilities on a gross basis, even when they are subject to master netting agreements.
however, we also engage in various trade structured finance activities to leverage the value of our global trade flows. these activities include programs under which we generally obtain u.s. dollar-denominated letters of credit ("lcs") from financial institutions, each based on an underlying commodity trade flow, time deposits denominated in either the local currency of the financial institutions' counterparties or in u.s. dollars, as well as foreign exchange forward contracts. trade related payables are set-off against receivables under such arrangements when all related assets and liabilities are subject to legally enforceable set-off agreements and the criteria of asc 210-20, offsetting, has been met. cash inflows are offset by the related cash outflows resulting from placement of the time deposits and repayment of the lcs. all cash flows related to the programs are included in operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
translation of foreign currency financial statements our reporting currency is the u.s. dollar. the functional currency of the majority of our foreign subsidiaries is their local currency. as such, amounts included in the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, and changes in equity are translated using average exchange rates during each period. assets and liabilities are translated at period-end exchange rates and resulting foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. however, in accordance with u.s. gaap, if a foreign entity's economy is determined to be highly inflationary, then such foreign entity's financial statements are remeasured as if the functional currency were the reporting currency.
foreign currency transactions monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. the resulting exchange gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses) - net unless the remeasurement gain or loss relates to an intercompany transaction that is of a long-term investment nature and for which settlement is neither planned nor anticipated in the foreseeable future, in which case the remeasurement gain or loss is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in our consolidated balance sheets.
inventories and derivatives our rmi, forward rmi purchase and sale contracts, and exchange-traded futures and options are primarily valued at fair value. rmi are freely-traded, have quoted market prices, may be sold without significant additional processing and have predictable and insignificant disposal costs. we estimate the fair values of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories based on commodity futures exchange quotations, broker or dealer quotations, or market transactions in either listed or over-the-counter ("otc") markets with appropriate adjustments for differences in local markets where our inventories are located. certain inventories may utilize significant unobservable data related to local market adjustments to determine fair value. the significant unobservable inputs for rmi and physically-settled forward purchase and sale contracts relate to certain management estimates regarding transportation costs and other local market or location-related adjustments, primarily freight-related adjustments in the interior of brazil and the lack of market corroborated information in canada. in both situations, we use proprietary information such as purchase and sale contracts and contracted prices to value freight, premiums, and discounts in our contracts. changes in the fair values of these inventories and contracts are recognized in our consolidated statements of income as a component of cost of goods sold. if we used different methods or factors to estimate fair values, amounts reported as inventories and unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts in the consolidated balance sheets and cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of income, respectively, could differ. additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods as inventories, unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts, and cost of goods sold could differ.
allowances for uncollectible accounts trade accounts receivable-trade accounts receivable are stated at historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. we establish allowances for uncollectible trade accounts receivable based on lifetime expected credit losses using an aging schedule for each pool of trade accounts receivable. pools are determined based on risk characteristics such as the type of customer and geography. a default rate is derived using a provision matrix based on bunge's historical receivables data. the default rate is then applied to the pool to determine the allowance for expected credit losses. given the short term nature of our trade accounts receivable, the default rate is only adjusted if significant changes in the credit profile of the portfolio are identified (e.g., poor crop years, credit issues at the country level, systematic risk), resulting in historic loss rates that are not representative of forecasted losses. uncollectible accounts are written off when a settlement is reached for an amount that is less than the outstanding historical balance or when we have determined that collection of the balance is unlikely.
specifically, in establishing appropriate default rates as of december 31, 2021, we took into consideration expected impacts on our customers and other debtors in view of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as other factors, which did not result in a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
we record and report accrued interest receivable within the same line item as the related receivable. the allowance for expected credit losses is estimated on the amortized cost basis of the trade accounts receivable, including accrued interest receivable. we recognize credit loss expense when establishing an allowance for accrued interest receivable.
secured advances to suppliers-secured advances to suppliers are stated at historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. secured advances to suppliers are expected to be settled through delivery of non-cash assets and as such, allowances are established when collection is not probable. we establish an allowance for secured advances to suppliers, generally farmers and resellers of grain, based on historical experience, farming economics and other market conditions as well as specific customer collection issues. uncollectible accounts are written off when a settlement is reached for an amount below the outstanding historical balance or when we have determined that collection is unlikely.
secured advances to suppliers bear interest at contractual rates that reflect current market interest rates at the time of the transaction. there are no deferred fees or costs associated with these receivables. as a result, there are no imputed interest amounts to be amortized under the interest method. interest income is calculated based on the terms of the individual agreements and is recognized on an accrual basis.
we follow accounting guidance on the disclosure of the credit quality of financing receivables and the allowance for credit losses, which requires information to be disclosed at disaggregated levels, defined as portfolio segments and classes. under this guidance, secured advances to suppliers are considered impaired, based on current information and events, if we determine it probable that all amounts due under the original terms of the receivable will not be collected. recognition of interest income is suspended once the borrower defaults on the originally scheduled delivery of agricultural commodities as the collection of future income is determined not to be probable. no additional interest income is accrued from the point of default until ultimate recovery, at which time amounts collected are credited first against the receivable and then to any unrecognized interest income.
goodwill when we acquire a business, the consideration is first assigned to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, based on estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. determining fair value requires significant estimates and assumptions based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including market participants, projected growth rates, the amounts and timing of future cash flows, and the discount rates applied to the cash flows. determining the useful life of an asset also requires significant judgment.
our goodwill balance is not amortized to expense. instead, it is tested for impairment at least annually. we generally perform our annual impairment analysis during the fourth quarter. if events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment analyses, we perform an impairment analysis at that date. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant asset. in testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, we: (1) determine our reporting units; (2) allocate goodwill to our various reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (3) determine the carrying value, or book value, of our reporting units; (4) estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model and/or using market multiples; (5) compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value; and (6) if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, we recognize an impairment charge for such amount, but not exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
the process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis, including the identification of our reporting units, identification and allocation of the assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units, and determination of fair value. in estimating the fair value of a reporting unit for the purposes of our annual or periodic impairment analysis, we make estimates and significant judgments about the future cash flows of that reporting unit aligned with management's strategic business plans. changes in judgment related to these assumptions and estimates could result in goodwill impairment charges. we believe the assumptions and estimates used are appropriate based on the information currently available to management. estimates based on market earnings multiples of peer companies identified for the reporting unit may also be used, where available. critical estimates in the determination of fair value under the income approach include, but are not limited to, assumptions about variables such as commodity prices, crop throughput and production volumes, profitability, future capital expenditures and discount rates, all of which are subject to a high degree of judgment.
during the fourth quarters of 2021 and 2020, we performed our annual impairment assessment and determined the estimated fair values of each of our goodwill reporting units exceeded each of their carrying values. see note 8- goodwill, to our consolidated financial statements. please refer to note 10- impairments to our consolidated financial statements for details of goodwill impairment charges recorded in the three years ended december 31, 2021.
property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets. property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life on a straight line basis. when facts and circumstances indicate the carrying values of these assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to the undiscounted projected future cash flows to be generated by such assets from their use and ultimate disposal. if the carrying value of our assets is not recoverable, we recognize an impairment loss in the amount that carrying value exceeds fair value. impairment is recognized as a charge against results of operations. our judgments related to the expected useful lives of these assets and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amount of such assets are affected by factors such as the ongoing maintenance of the assets, changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. as we assess the ongoing expected cash flows and carrying amounts of these assets, changes in these factors could cause us to realize material impairment charges. please refer to note 10- impairments to our consolidated financial statements for details of property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible asset impairment charges recorded in the three years ended december 31, 2021.
contingencies we are a party to a large number of claims and lawsuits, primarily non-income tax and labor claims in brazil and non-income tax claims in argentina, and we make provisions for potential liabilities arising from such claims when we deem them probable and reasonably estimable. these estimates of probable loss have been developed in consultation with in-house and outside counsel and are based on an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies.
future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies relating to these proceedings. for more information on tax and labor claims in brazil, see "item 3. legal proceedings" and note 21- commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements.
income taxes we record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that we are likely to realize. we consider projections of future taxable income and prudent tax planning strategies to assess the need for and the amount of the valuation allowances. if we determine that we can realize a deferred tax asset in excess of our net recorded amount, we decrease the valuation allowance, thereby decreasing income tax expense. conversely, if we determine that we are unable to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset, we increase the valuation allowance, thereby increasing income tax expense.
we apply a "more likely than not" threshold to the recognition and de-recognition of tax benefits. accordingly, we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. the calculation of our uncertain tax positions involves complexities in the application of intricate tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. future changes in judgment related to the ultimate resolution of unrecognized tax benefits will affect the earnings in the quarter of such change. at december 31, 2021 and 2020, we had recorded uncertain tax positions of $81 million and $52 million, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. for additional information on income taxes, please refer to note 14- income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k.
recoverable taxes we evaluate the collectability of our recoverable taxes and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. recoverable taxes include value-added taxes paid upon the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, raw materials and taxable services, as well as other transactional taxes, which can be recovered in cash or as compensation against income taxes, or other taxes we may owe, primarily in brazil and europe. management's assumption about the collectability of recoverable taxes requires significant judgment because it involves an assessment of the ability and willingness of the applicable federal or local government to refund the taxes. the balance of these allowances fluctuates depending on the sales activity of existing inventories, purchases of new inventories, percentages of export sales, seasonality, changes in applicable tax rates, cash payments by the applicable government agencies and the offset of outstanding balances against income or certain other taxes owed to the applicable governments, where permissible. at december 31, 2021 and 2020, the allowance for recoverable taxes was $44 million and $58 million, respectively. we continue to monitor the economic environment and events taking place in the applicable countries and in cases where we determine that recovery is doubtful, recoverable taxes are reduced by allowances for the estimated unrecoverable amounts.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1- nature of business, basis of presentation and significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k.
