item 1a. risk factors.
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to, and could be materially adversely affected by, various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or our anticipated future results. we present these risk factors grouped by category, and the risks factors contained in each respective category are presented in order of their relative priority to us.
risks related to the covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic and the resulting governmental and societal responses, the severity and duration of covid-19 (including through any new variant strains of the underlying virus). the effectiveness and accessibility to vaccines, the pace and rate at which vaccines are administered, actions taken by governmental authorities in response to covid-19, and the direct and indirect impact of covid-19 on the u.s. economy and the global economy, may materially and adversely affect the company's business, liquidity, customers, insurance carriers and third parties.
in december 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, covid-19, surfaced. since then, covid-19 has spread across the world, and has been declared a pandemic by the world health organization. the global outbreak of covid-19 continues to rapidly evolve. the covid-19 pandemic has created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption, which could further adversely affect our business and may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. the extent to which covid-19 impacts our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the ultimate geographic spread and severity of covid-19; the duration of the pandemic; the effectiveness and roll-out of vaccinations against covid-19; society's willingness to receive the vaccinations; business closures, travel restrictions, social distancing and other actions taken to contain and treat covid-19; the effectiveness of actions taken to contain and treat the virus; the impact of the pandemic on economic activity; the timing and effectiveness of government stimulus programs; the extent and duration of the effect on customer demand and buying patterns; and any impairment in value of our tangible or intangible assets which could be recorded as a result of weaker economic conditions. in addition, if the pandemic continues to create disruptions or turmoil in the credit or financial markets, or impacts our credit ratings, it could adversely affect our ability to access capital on favorable terms and continue to meet our liquidity needs, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.
as the covid-19 pandemic and any associated protective or preventative measures continue to spread in the united states and around the world, we may experience disruptions to our business, including:
•our customers choosing to limit purchases of insurance and services due to declining business conditions, our customers ceasing their business operations on a temporary or permanent basis, and a reduction in our customers' insurable exposure units, all of which would impact our ability to generate commission revenue and other revenue;
•a delay in cash payments to us from customers or carrier partners due to covid-19, which could negatively impact our financial condition;
•travel restrictions and quarantines leading to a lack of in-person meetings, which would hinder our ability to establish relationships or originate new business;
•alternative working arrangements, including employees working remotely, which could negatively impact our business should such arrangements remain for an extended period of time; and
•failure of third parties upon which we rely to meet their obligations to us, or significant disruptions in their ability to meet those obligations in a timely manner, which may be caused by their own financial or operational difficulties.
we cannot predict the impact that covid-19 will have on our customers, insurance carriers, suppliers and other third-party contractors, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. even after the covid-19 outbreak has subsided, we may experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of the virus' global economic impact. further, covid-19 may affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider as presenting significant risks to our operations.
additionally, should any key employees become ill from the coronavirus and unable to work, the attention of the management team could be diverted.
these and other disruptions related to covid-19 could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. further, the potential effects of covid-19 also could impact and, in some cases, magnify many of our risk factors described in this annual report on form 10-k. however, as the covid-19 situation is unprecedented and continuously evolving, the potential impacts to our risk factors remain uncertain. additionally, any potential effects of covid-19 may lag behind the developments related to the covid-19 pandemic.
risks related to our business significant inflation could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
inflation can adversely affect us by increasing our costs, including salary costs. significant inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates. any significant increases in inflation and interest rates could have material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our inability to retain or hire qualified employees, as well as the loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees, could negatively impact our ability to retain existing business and generate new business.
our success depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled and experienced personnel. there is significant competition from within the insurance industry and from businesses outside the industry for exceptional employees, especially in key positions. if we are not able to successfully attract, retain and motivate our employees, our business, financial results and reputation could be materially and adversely affected.
losing employees who manage or support substantial customer relationships or possess substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect our ability to secure and complete customer engagements, which would adversely affect our results of operations. also, if any of our key employees were to join an existing competitor or form a competing company, some of our customers could choose to use the services of that competitor instead of our services. while our key employees are generally prohibited by contract from soliciting our employees and customers for a two-year period following separation from employment with us, they are not prohibited from competing with us.
in addition, we could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our senior leaders and key executives. the succession plans and employment arrangements we have in place with certain key executives do not guarantee that the services of these executives will continue to be available to us. the loss of our senior leaders or other key employees, or our inability to continue to identify, recruit and retain such personnel, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our growth strategy depends, in part, on the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries, which may not be available on acceptable terms in the future or which, if consummated, may not be advantageous to us.
our growth strategy partially includes the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries. our ability to successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions, integrate acquired businesses into our operations, and expand into new markets requires us to implement and continuously improve our operations and our financial and management information systems. integrated, acquired businesses may not achieve levels of revenues or profitability comparable to our existing operations, or otherwise perform as expected. in addition, we compete for acquisition and expansion opportunities with firms and banks that may have substantially greater resources than we do. acquisitions also involve a number of risks, such as diversion of management's attention; difficulties in the integration of acquired operations and retention of employees; increase in expenses and working capital requirements, which could reduce our return on invested capital; entry into unfamiliar markets or lines of business; unanticipated problems or legal liabilities; estimation of the acquisition earn-out payables; and tax and accounting issues, some or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. post-acquisition deterioration of operating performance could also result in lower or negative earnings contribution and/or goodwill impairment charges.
a cybersecurity attack, or any other interruption in information technology and/or data security and/or outsourcing relationships, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation.
we rely on information technology and third-party vendors to provide effective and efficient service to our customers, process claims, and timely and accurately report information to carriers and which often involves secure processing of confidential sensitive, proprietary and other types of information. cybersecurity breaches of any of the systems we rely on may result from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, "phishing" attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions, any of which could expose us to data loss, monetary and reputational damages and significant increases in compliance costs. an interruption of our access to, or an inability to access, our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. if sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other necessary business functions. we have from time to time experienced cybersecurity incidents, such as malware infections, phishing campaigns and vulnerability exploit attempts, which to date have not had a material impact on our business.
additionally, we are an acquisitive organization and the process of integrating the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk as we might not adequately identify weaknesses in the targets' information systems, which could expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to attack. in the future, any material breaches of cybersecurity, or media reports of the same, even if untrue, could cause us to experience reputational harm, loss of customers and revenue, loss of proprietary data, regulatory actions and scrutiny, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard customers' information or financial losses. such losses may not be insured against or not fully covered through insurance we maintain.
we cannot entirely eliminate all risk of improper access to private information, and the cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further system protections measures could increase significantly as cybersecurity threats increase. as these threats evolve, cybersecurity incidents will be more difficult to detect, defend against and remediate. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and reputation.
rapid technological change may require additional resources and time to adequately respond to dynamics, which may adversely affect our business and operating results.
frequent technological changes, new products and services and evolving industry standards are influencing the insurance business. the internet, for example, is increasingly used to securely transmit benefits and related information to customers and to facilitate business-to-business information exchange and transactions.
we are continuously taking steps to upgrade and expand our information systems capabilities, including how we electronically interact with our customers and insurance carriers. maintaining, protecting and enhancing these capabilities to keep pace with evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences, requires an ongoing commitment of significant resources. if the information we rely upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to effectively maintain our information systems and data integrity, we could experience operational disruptions, regulatory or other legal problems, increases in operating expenses, loss of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers, or suffer other adverse consequences.
our technological development projects may not deliver the benefits we expect once they are completed or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in the accelerated recognition of expenses. if we do not effectively and efficiently manage and upgrade our technology portfolio regularly, or if the costs of doing so are higher than we expect, our ability to provide competitive services to new and existing customers in a cost-effective manner and our ability to implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted.
we derive a significant portion of our commission revenues from a limited number of insurance companies, the loss of which could result in additional expense and loss of market share or a material decrease in our profit-sharing contingent commissions, guaranteed supplemental commissions or incentive commissions.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, no more than 5.0% of our total core commissions was derived from insurance policies underwritten by one insurance company. should this insurance company seek to terminate its arrangements with us or to otherwise decrease the number of insurance policies underwritten for us, we believe that other insurance companies are available to underwrite the business, although some additional expense and loss of market share could result.
because a significant portion of our businesses are concentrated in florida, california, massachusetts, georgia, new york, and michigan, adverse economic conditions, natural disasters, or regulatory changes in these states could adversely affect our financial condition.
a significant portion of our businesses are concentrated in florida, california, massachusetts, georgia, new york, and michigan, where for the year ended december 31, 2021, we derived approximately 18%, 11%, 8%, 7%, 7%, and 6% of our annual revenue, respectively. we believe the current regulatory environment for insurance intermediaries in these states is no more restrictive than in other states. the insurance business in the u.s. is primarily a state-regulated industry, and therefore, state legislatures may enact laws that adversely affect the insurance industry. because our business is concentrated in the states identified above, we face greater exposure to unfavorable changes in regulatory conditions in those states than insurance intermediaries whose operations are more diversified through a greater number of states. in addition, the occurrence of adverse economic conditions, natural or other disasters, or other circumstances specific to or otherwise significantly impacting these states could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we are susceptible to losses and interruptions caused by hurricanes (particularly in florida, where we have 52 offices and our headquarters, as well as in texas, where we have 25 offices), earthquakes (including in california, where we have 31 offices), power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, fire, extreme weather conditions, geopolitical events such as terrorist acts and other natural or human-made disasters. our insurance coverage with respect to natural disasters is limited and is subject to deductibles and coverage limits. such coverage may not be adequate or may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms.
our corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture, or if we experience a change in management, management philosophy, or business strategy, our business may be harmed.
we believe that a significant contributor to our success has been our corporate culture as a lean, highly competitive, decentralized growth and profit-oriented sales and service organization. as we grow, including from the integration of employees and businesses acquired in connection with previous or future acquisitions, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture, which could negatively affect our profitability and/or our ability to retain and recruit people of the highest integrity and quality who are essential to our future success. we may face pressure to change our culture as we grow, particularly if we experience difficulties in attracting competent employees who are willing to embrace our culture. in addition, as our organization grows and we are required to implement more complex organizational structures, or if we experience a change in management, management philosophy or business strategy, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture, such as our decentralized sales and service operating model, which could negatively impact our future success.
we face a variety of risks in our services segment, including our third-party claims administration operations, that are distinct from those we face in our insurance intermediary operations.
our services segment, including our third-party claims administration operations, face a variety of risks distinct from those faced by our insurance intermediary operations, including the risks that:
•the favorable trend among both insurance companies and self-insured entities toward outsourcing various types of claims administration and risk management services may reverse or slow, causing our revenues or revenue growth to decline;
•concentration of large amounts of revenue with certain customers may result in greater exposure to the potential negative effects of lost business due to changes in management of such customers or for other reasons;
•contracting terms will become less favorable or the margins on our services may decrease due to increased competition, regulatory constraints or other developments;
•our revenue is impacted by claims volumes, which are dependent upon a number of factors and difficult to forecast accurately;
•economic weakness or a slowdown in economic activity could lead to a reduction in the number of claims we process;
•the u.s. federal government modifies, discontinues, or otherwise limits our ability to derive revenues from the social security disability benefits program, medicare, or any other program or type of coverage from which our business derives revenue;
•we may be unable to develop further efficiencies in our claims-handling business and may be unable to obtain or retain certain customers if we fail to make adequate improvements in technology or operations; and
•insurance companies or certain large self-insured entities may create in-house servicing capabilities that compete with our services.
if any of these risks materialize, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
due to inherent limitations, our system of disclosure and internal controls and procedures may not be successful in preventing all errors or fraud, or in informing management of all material information in a timely manner.
our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls and procedures will prevent all error and fraud. because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. these inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur simply because of error or mistake. additionally, controls can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of a control.
there can be no assurance that the design of any of our systems of controls will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
certain of our existing shareholders have significant control of the company.
at december 31, 2021, our executive officers, directors and certain of their family members collectively beneficially owned approximately 16.6% of our outstanding common stock, of which j. hyatt brown, our chairman of the board, and his sons, j. powell brown, our president and chief executive officer, and p. barrett brown, our executive vice president and the president of our retail segment, beneficially owned approximately 15.8%. as a result, our executive officers, directors and certain of their family members have significant influence over (i) the election of our board of directors, (ii) the approval or disapproval of any other matters requiring shareholder approval and (iii) our affairs and policies.
we have operations internationally, which may result in a number of additional risks and require more management time and expense than our domestic operations to achieve or maintain profitability.
we have operations in bermuda, canada, cayman islands, ireland and the united kingdom. in the future, we intend to continue to consider additional international expansion opportunities. our international operations may be subject to a number of risks, including:
•difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;
•less flexible employee relationships, which may make it difficult and expensive to terminate employees and which limits our ability to prohibit employees from competing with us after their employment ceases;
•political and economic instability (including acts of terrorism and outbreaks of war);
•coordinating our communications and logistics across geographic distances and multiple time zones;
•unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws;
•adverse trade policies, and adverse changes to any of the policies of either the u.s. or any of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;
•adverse changes in tax rates;
•variations in foreign currency exchange rates;
•legal or political constraints on our ability to maintain or increase prices;
•governmental restrictions on the transfer of funds to or from us, including to or from our operations outside the united states;
•burdens of complying with, and the risk of employees or third parties acting on our behalf violating, anti-corruption laws in foreign countries; and
•burdens of complying with a wide variety of labor practices and foreign laws, including those relating to export and import duties, environmental policies and privacy issues.
risks related to legal, compliance and regulatory matters changes in data privacy and protection laws and regulations, or any failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business and financial results.
we are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations globally regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, retention, handling, use, processing, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. significant uncertainty exists as privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. these laws apply to transfers of information among our affiliates, as well as to transactions we enter into with third-party vendors. for example, the european union adopted a comprehensive general data privacy regulation ("gdpr") in may 2016, which replaced the former eu data protection directive and related country-specific legislation. the gdpr became fully effective in may 2018 and requires companies to satisfy new requirements regarding the handling of personal and sensitive data, including its processing, protection and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. failure to comply with gdpr requirements could result in penalties of up to 4% of worldwide revenue. complying with the enhanced obligations imposed by the gdpr may result in significant costs to our business and require us to revise certain of our business practices. additionally, a judgement by the court of justice of the european union on schrems ii has made cross border data transfers to organizations outside of the european economic area more onerous and uncertain. in addition, legislators and regulators in the u.s. have enacted and are proposing new and more robust privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations in light of the recent broad-based cyber-attacks at a number of companies, including but not limited to the new york state department of financial services cybersecurity requirements for financial services companies and the california consumer privacy act of 2018. some states provide right of action for data breaches or for collection of certain categories of personal information without consent, which may result in increased litigation.
these and similar initiatives around the world could increase the cost of developing, implementing or securing our servers and require us to allocate more resources to improved technologies, adding to our it and compliance costs. in addition, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. the enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, regulations or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability.
improper disclosure of confidential information could negatively impact our business.
we are responsible for maintaining the security and privacy of our customers' confidential and proprietary information and the personal data of their employees. we have put in place administrative, physical, procedures and technological safeguards designed to protect the security and privacy of this information; however, we cannot guarantee that this information will not be improperly disclosed or accessed. disclosure of this information could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under our contracts and laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues.
our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be materially adversely affected by certain actual and potential claims, regulatory actions and proceedings.
we are subject to various actual and potential claims, regulatory actions and other proceedings, including those relating to alleged errors and omissions in connection with the placement or servicing of insurance and/or the provision of services in the ordinary course of business, of which we cannot, and likely will not be able to, predict the outcome with certainty. because we often assist customers with matters involving substantial amounts of money, including the placement of insurance and the handling of related claims that customers may assert, errors and omissions claims against us may arise alleging potential liability for all or part of the amounts in question. also, the failure of an insurer with whom we place business could result in errors and omissions claims against us by our customers, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. claimants may seek large damage awards, and these claims may involve potentially significant legal costs, including punitive damages. such claims, lawsuits and other proceedings could, for example, include claims for damages based upon allegations that our employees or sub-agents failed to procure coverage, report claims on behalf of customers, provide insurance companies with complete and accurate information relating to the risks being insured or appropriately apply funds that we hold for our customers on a fiduciary basis. in addition, given the long-tail nature of professional liability claims, errors and omissions matters can relate to matters dating back many years.
our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be adversely affected if, in the future, our insurance coverage proves to be inadequate or unavailable, or if there is an increase in liabilities for which we self-insure. our ability to obtain professional indemnity insurance in the amounts and with the deductibles we desire in the future may be adversely impacted by general developments in the market for such insurance or our own claims experience. in addition, regardless of monetary costs, these matters could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and cause harm to our carrier, customer or employee relationships, or divert employees and management resources.
our business practices and compensation arrangements are subject to uncertainty due to potential changes in regulations.
the business practices and compensation arrangements of the insurance intermediary industry, including our practices and arrangements, are subject to uncertainty due to investigations by various governmental authorities. certain of our offices are parties to profit-sharing contingent commission agreements with certain insurance companies, including agreements providing for potential payment of revenue-sharing commissions by insurance companies based primarily on the overall profitability of the aggregate business written with those insurance companies and/or additional factors such as retention ratios and the overall volume of business that an office or offices place with those insurance companies. additionally, some of our offices are parties to supplemental commission agreements with certain insurance companies, which provide for commission rates in excess of standard commission rates to be applied to specific lines of business, such as group health business, and which are based primarily on the overall volume of business that such office or offices placed with those insurance companies. various state legislatures may adopt new laws addressing contingent commission arrangements, including laws prohibiting such arrangements, and addressing disclosure of such arrangements to insureds. various state departments of insurance may also adopt new regulations addressing these matters which could adversely affect our results of operations.
we compete in a highly regulated industry, which may result in increased expenses or restrictions on our operations.
we conduct business in each of the 50 states of the united states of america and are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by government agencies in each of those states. the primary purpose of such regulation and supervision is to provide safeguards for policyholders rather than to protect the interests of our shareholders, and it is difficult to anticipate how changes in such regulation would be implemented and enforced. as a result, such regulation and supervision could reduce our profitability or growth by increasing compliance costs, technology compliance, restricting the products or services we may sell, the markets we may enter, the methods by which we may sell our products and services, or the prices we may charge for our services and the form of compensation we may accept from our customers, carriers and third parties. the laws of the various state jurisdictions establish supervisory agencies with broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things, licensing of entities to transact business, licensing of agents, admittance of assets, regulating premium rates, approving policy forms, regulating unfair trade and claims practices, determining technology and data protection requirements, establishing reserve requirements and solvency standards, requiring participation in guarantee funds and shared market mechanisms, and restricting payment of dividends. also, in response to perceived excessive cost or inadequacy of available insurance, states have from time to time created state insurance funds and assigned risk pools, which compete directly, on a subsidized basis, with private insurance providers. we act as agents and brokers for such state insurance funds and assigned risk pools in california and new york as well as certain other states. these state funds and pools could choose to reduce the sales or brokerage commissions we receive. any such reductions, in a state in which we have substantial operations could affect the profitability of our operations in such state or cause us to change our marketing focus. further, state insurance regulators and the national association of insurance commissioners continually reexamine existing laws and regulations, and such reexamination may result in the enactment of insurance-related laws and regulations, or the issuance of interpretations thereof that adversely affect our business. certain federal financial services modernization legislation could lead to additional federal regulation of the insurance industry in the coming years, which could result in increased expenses or restrictions on our operations. other legislative developments that could adversely affect us include: changes in our business compensation model as a result of regulatory developments (for example, the affordable care act); and federal and state governments establishing programs to provide health insurance or, in certain cases, property insurance in catastrophe-prone areas or other alternative market types of coverage that compete with or completely replace, insurance products offered by insurance carriers. also, as climate change issues become more prevalent, the u.s. and foreign governments are beginning to respond to these issues. this increasing governmental focus on climate change may result in new environmental regulations that may negatively affect us and our customers. this could cause us to incur additional direct costs in complying with any new environmental regulations, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers incurring additional compliance costs that get passed on to us. these costs may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
proposed tort reform legislation, if enacted, could decrease demand for liability insurance, thereby reducing our commission revenues.
legislation concerning tort reform has been considered, from time to time, in the united states congress and in several state legislatures. among the provisions considered in such legislation have been limitations on damage awards, including punitive damages, and various restrictions applicable to class action lawsuits. enactment of these or similar provisions by congress, or by states in which we sell insurance, could reduce the demand for liability insurance policies or lead to a decrease in policy limits of such policies sold, thereby reducing our commission revenues.
risks related to our indebtedness and financing if we fail to comply with the covenants contained in certain of our agreements, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
at december 31, 2021, we believe we were in compliance with the financial covenants and other limitations contained in each of the credit agreements that govern out debt. however, failure to comply with material provisions of our covenants in these agreements or other credit or similar agreements to which we may become a party could result in a default, rendering them unavailable to us and causing a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. in the event of certain defaults, the lenders thereunder would not be required to lend any additional amounts to or purchase any additional notes from us and could elect to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be due and payable. if the indebtedness under these agreements or our other indebtedness, were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full.
certain of our agreements contain various covenants that limit the discretion of our management in operating our business and could prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities.
the restrictive covenants in our debt agreements may impact how we operate our business and prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities. in particular, among other covenants, our debt agreements require us to maintain a minimum ratio of consolidated ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), adjusted for certain transaction-related items ("consolidated ebitda"), to consolidated interest expense and a maximum ratio of consolidated net indebtedness to consolidated ebitda. our compliance with these covenants could limit management's discretion in operating our business and could prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities.
our business, and therefore our results of operations and financial condition, may be adversely affected by further changes in the u.s. credit markets.
the failure of any lender under our revolving credit facility (which matures in 2026) could adversely affect our ability to borrow on that facility, which over time could negatively impact our ability to consummate significant acquisitions or make other significant capital expenditures. tightening conditions in the credit markets in future years could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings or renewals or refinancing.
we also have a significant amount of trade accounts receivable from some insurance companies with which we place insurance. if those insurance companies were to experience liquidity problems or other financial difficulties, we could encounter delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to risks associated with the current interest rate environment and to the extent we use debt to finance our investments, changes in interest rates will affect our cost of capital and net investment income.
as of july 2017, the uk financial conduct authority ("fca") has urged banks and institutions to discontinue their use of the london interbank offered rate ("libor") benchmark rate for floating rate debt, and other financial instruments tied to the rate after 2021. to help with the transition, the federal reserve board and new york fed have commissioned the alternative reference rates committee ("arrc"), composed of a diverse set of private-sector entities that have an important presence in markets affected by usd libor and a wide array of official-sector entities, including banking and financial sector regulators, as ex-officio members. the arrc has recommended the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as the best alternative rate to libor post discontinuance and has proposed a transition plan and timeline designed to encourage the adoption of sofr from libor. on march 5, 2021, the ice benchmark administration, which administers libor, and the fca announced that all libor settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator, or no longer be representative immediately after december 31, 2021, for all non-u.s. dollar libor settings and one-week and two-month u.s. dollar libor settings, and immediately after june 30, 2023 for the remaining u.s. dollar libor settings.
as of december 31, 2021, the company's primary exposures are debt instruments referencing libor-based rates which include the second amended and restated credit agreement (the "second amended and restated credit agreement") term loan balance of $246.9 million outstanding and matures in october 2026, as well as the term loan credit agreement (the "term loan credit agreement") which had an outstanding balance of $240.0 million and matures in december 2023. as such, any potential effect of any such event on our cost of capital, interest rate exposure and net investment income cannot yet be determined. in addition, any further changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of libor may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported libor, which could have an adverse impact on the market value for or value of any libor-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the company is currently evaluating the transition from libor as an interest rate benchmark to other potential alternative reference rates, including, but not limited to, sofr. currently, it is anticipated that the new benchmark for our usd borrowings will be sofr. the shift to sofr from libor is complex and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows.
risks related to our industry our current market share may decrease as a result of disintermediation within the insurance industry, including increased competition from insurance companies, technology companies and the financial services industry, as well as the shift away from traditional insurance markets.
the insurance intermediary business is highly competitive and we actively compete with numerous firms for customers and insurance companies, many of which have relationships with insurance companies or have a significant presence in niche insurance markets that may give them an advantage over us. other competitive concerns may include the quality of our products and services, our pricing and the ability of some of our customers to self-insure and the entrance of technology companies into the insurance intermediary business. a number of insurance companies are engaged in the direct sale of insurance, primarily to individuals, and do not pay commissions to agents and brokers. in addition, and to the extent that banks, securities firms, private equity funds and insurance companies affiliate, the financial services industry may experience further consolidation, and we therefore may experience increased competition from insurance companies and the financial services industry, as a growing number of larger financial institutions increasingly, and aggressively, offer a wider variety of financial services, including insurance intermediary services.
in addition, there has been an increase in alternative insurance markets, such as self-insurance, captives, risk retention groups and non-insurance capital markets, and we cannot be certain that such alternative markets will provide the same level of insurance coverage or profitability as traditional insurance markets.
changes in current u.s. or global economic conditions may adversely affect our business.
if economic conditions were to worsen, a number of negative effects on our business could result, including declines in insurable exposure units, declines in insurance premium rates, the financial insolvency of insurance companies, or the reduced ability of customers to pay. also, if general economic conditions are poor, some of our customers may cease operations completely or be acquired by other companies, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. if these customers are affected by poor economic conditions, but yet remain in existence, they may face liquidity problems or other financial difficulties that could result in delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. any of these effects could decrease our net revenues and profitability.
our business, and therefore our results of operations and financial condition, may be adversely affected by conditions that result in reduced insurer capacity.
our results of operations depend on the continued capacity of insurance carriers to underwrite risk and provide coverage, which depends in turn on those insurance companies' ability to procure reinsurance. capacity could also be reduced by insurance companies failing or withdrawing from writing certain coverages that we offer to our customers. we have no control over these matters. to the extent that reinsurance becomes less widely available or significantly more expensive, we may not be able to procure the amount or types of coverage that our customers desire and the coverage we are able to procure for our customers may be more expensive or limited.
quarterly and annual variations in our commissions that result from the timing of policy renewals and the net effect of new and lost business production may have unexpected effects on our results of operations.
our commission income (including profit-sharing contingent commissions and supplemental commissions) can vary quarterly or annually due to the timing of policy renewals and the net effect of new and lost business production. we do not control the factors that cause these variations. specifically, customers' demand for insurance products can influence the timing of renewals, new business and lost business (which includes policies that are not renewed), and cancellations. in addition, we rely on insurance companies for the payment of certain commissions. because these payments are processed internally by these insurance companies, we may not receive a payment that is otherwise expected from a particular insurance company in a particular quarter or year until after the end of that period, which can adversely affect our ability to forecast these revenues and therefore budget for significant future expenditures. quarterly and annual fluctuations in revenues based upon increases and decreases associated with the timing of new business, policy renewals and payments from insurance companies may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
profit-sharing contingent commissions are special revenue-sharing commissions paid by insurance companies based primarily upon the profitability, and to a lesser extent may have provisions for volume and/or growth of the business placed with such companies generally during the prior year. over the last three years these commissions generally have been in the range of 3.0% to 3.5% of our previous year's total core commissions and fees. due to, among other things, potentially poor macroeconomic conditions, the inherent uncertainty of loss in our industry and changes in underwriting criteria due in part to the high loss ratios experienced by insurance companies, we cannot predict the payment of these profit-sharing contingent commissions. further, we have no control over the ability of insurance companies to estimate loss reserves, which affects our ability to make profit-sharing calculations. supplemental commissions are paid by insurance companies based upon the volume of business that we place with them and are generally paid over the course of the year. any decrease in their payment to us could adversely affect our results of operations, profitability and our financial condition.
we are exposed to intangible asset risk; specifically, our goodwill may become impaired in the future.
as of the date of the filing of our annual report on form 10-k for the 2021 fiscal year, we have $4.7 billion of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. we perform a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our goodwill may not be recoverable from estimated future cash flows. we completed our most recent evaluation of impairment for goodwill as of november 30, 2021 and determined that the fair value of goodwill exceeded the carrying value of such assets. a significant and sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization, a significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate or slower growth rates could result in the need to perform an additional impairment analysis before the next annual goodwill impairment test. if determined that a future write-down of our goodwill is necessary, the appropriate adjustment would be recorded which could result in material charges that are adverse to our operating results and financial position. see note 1-"summary of significant accounting policies" and note 4-"goodwill" to the consolidated financial statements and "management's report on internal control over financial reporting."
additionally, the carrying value of amortizable intangible assets attributable to each business or asset group comprising the company is periodically reviewed by management to determine if there are events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. accordingly, if there are any such circumstances that occur during the year, we assess the carrying value of our amortizable intangible assets by considering the estimated future undiscounted cash flows generated by the corresponding business or asset group. any impairment identified through this assessment may require that the carrying value of related amortizable intangible assets be adjusted.
there have been no impairments recorded to either goodwill or amortizable intangibles for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
general company overview the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes to those financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. in addition, please see "information regarding non-gaap measures" below, regarding important information on non-gaap financial measures contained in our discussion and analysis.
we are a diversified insurance agency, wholesale brokerage, insurance programs and services organization headquartered in daytona beach, florida. as an insurance intermediary, our principal sources of revenue are commissions paid by insurance companies and, to a lesser extent, fees paid directly by customers. commission revenues generally represent a percentage of the premium paid by an insured and are affected by fluctuations in both premium rate levels charged by insurance companies and the insureds' underlying "insurable exposure units," which are units that insurance companies use to measure or express insurance exposed to risk (such as property values, sales or payroll levels) to determine what premium to charge the insured. insurance companies establish these premium rates based upon many factors, including loss experience, risk profile and reinsurance rates paid by such insurance companies, none of which we control. we also operate a capitalized captive insurance facility (the "captive") for the purpose of having additional capacity to sell property insurance for earthquake and wind exposed properties. the captive buys reinsurance, limiting, but not eliminating the company's exposure to underwriting losses and revenues are recognized as net retained earned premiums over the associated policy periods.
we have increased revenues every year from 1993 to 2021, with the exception of 2009, when our revenues declined 1.0%. our revenues grew from $95.6 million in 1993 to $3.1 billion in 2021, reflecting a compound annual growth rate of 13.2%. in the same 28-year period, we increased net income from $8.1 million to $587.1 million in 2021, a compound annual growth rate of 16.5%.
the volume of business from new and existing customers, fluctuations in insurable exposure units, changes in premium rate levels, changes in general economic and competitive conditions, a health pandemic, and the occurrence of catastrophic weather events all affect our revenues. for example, level rates of inflation or a general decline in economic activity could limit increases in the values of insurable exposure units. conversely, increasing costs of litigation settlements and awards could cause some customers to seek higher levels of insurance coverage. historically, we have grown our revenues as a result of our focus on net new business and acquisitions. we foster a strong, decentralized sales and service culture which enables responsiveness to changing business conditions and drives accountability for results.
the term "organic revenue," a non-gaap measure, is our core commissions and fees less: (i) the core commissions and fees earned for the first 12 months by newly-acquired operations; (ii) divested business (core commissions and fees generated from offices, books of business or niches sold or terminated during the comparable period); and (iii) the period over period impact of foreign currency translation, which is calculated by applying current year foreign exchange rates to the same period in the prior year. the term "core commissions and fees" excludes profit-sharing contingent commissions and guaranteed supplemental commissions, and therefore represents the revenues earned directly from specific insurance policies sold, and specific fee-based services rendered. "organic revenue" is reported in this manner in order to express the current year's core commissions and fees on a comparable basis with the prior year's core commissions and fees. the resulting net change reflects the aggregate changes attributable to: (i) net new and lost accounts; (ii) net changes in our customers' exposure units; (iii) net changes in insurance premium rates or the commission rate paid to us by our carrier partners; and (iv) the net change in fees paid to us by our customers. organic revenue is reported in "results of operations" and in "results of operations - segment information" of this annual report on form 10-k. in connection with the captive, we will recognize revenue starting in 2022 on a net retained earned premiums basis in a manner consistent with core commissions and fees. beginning in 2022 we will no longer exclude guaranteed supplemental commissions from core commissions and fees and therefore they will be a component of organic revenue. we anticipate presenting certain prior periods accordingly so that the calculation of organic revenue compares both periods on the same basis. guaranteed supplemental commissions are a small and increasingly more stable source of revenue that are highly correlated to core commissions, so excluding them provides no meaningful incremental value in evaluating our revenue performance.
we also earn "profit-sharing contingent commissions," which are commissions based primarily on underwriting results, but which may also reflect considerations for volume, growth and/or retention. these commissions, which are included in our commissions and fees in the consolidated statement of income, are accrued throughout the year based on actual premiums written and are primarily received in the first and second quarters of each subsequent year, based upon the aforementioned considerations for the prior year(s). over the last three years, profit-sharing contingent commissions have averaged approximately 3.0% of commissions and fees revenue.
certain insurance companies offer guaranteed fixed-base agreements, referred to as "guaranteed supplemental commissions" ("gscs") in lieu of profit-sharing contingent commissions. gscs are accrued throughout the year based on actual premiums written. over the last three years, gscs have averaged less than 1.0% of commissions and fees revenue.
combined, our profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for the year ended december 31, 2021 increased by $14.1 million over 2020. this increase was the result of recent acquisitions and qualifying for certain profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in2021 that we did not qualify for in the prior year.
fee revenues primarily relate to services other than securing coverage for our customers, as well as fees negotiated in lieu of commissions, and are recognized as performance obligations are satisfied. fee revenues are generated by: (i) our services segment, which provides insurance-related services, including third-party claims administration and comprehensive medical utilization management services in both the workers' compensation and all-lines liability arenas, as well as medicare set-aside services, social security disability and medicare benefits advocacy services, and claims adjusting services; (ii) our national programs and wholesale brokerage segments, which earn fees primarily for the issuance of insurance policies on behalf of insurance companies; and (iii) our retail segment in our large-account customer base, where we primarily earn fees for securing insurance for our customers, and in our automobile dealer services ("f&i") businesses where we primarily earn fees for assisting our customers with creating and selling warranty and service risk management programs. fee revenues as a percentage of our total commissions and fees, represented 27.4% in 2021 and 26.1% in 2020.
for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, our commissions and fees growth rate was 16.9% and 9.3%, respectively, and our consolidated organic revenue growth rate was 10.4% and 3.8%, respectively.
investment income consists primarily of interest earnings on operating cash, and where permitted, on premiums and advance premiums collected and held in a fiduciary capacity before being remitted to insurance companies. our policy is to invest available funds in high-quality, short-term fixed income investment securities. investment income also includes gains and losses realized from the sale of investments. other income primarily reflects legal settlements and other miscellaneous revenues.
income before income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2021 increased by $138.7 million over 2020, as a result of net new business, acquisitions we completed since 2020, and management of our expense base, partially offset by an increase in the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables.
information regarding non-gaap measures in the discussion and analysis of our results of operations, in addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), we provide references to the following non-gaap financial measures as defined in regulation g of sec rules: organic revenue, organic revenue growth, ebitdac and ebitdac margin. ebitdac is defined as income before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, and the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables ("ebitdac"). ebitdac margin is defined as ebitdac divided by total revenues. we view these non-gaap financial measures as important indicators when assessing and evaluating our performance on a consolidated basis and for each of our segments because they allow us to determine a more comparable, but non-gaap, measurement of revenue growth and operating performance that is associated with the revenue sources that were a part of our business in both the current and prior year. we believe that organic revenue provides a meaningful representation of our operating performance and view organic revenue growth as an important indicator when assessing and evaluating the performance of our four segments. organic revenue can be expressed as a dollar amount or a percentage rate when describing organic revenue growth. we use organic revenue growth in determining incentive cash compensation and as a performance measure in our equity incentive grants for our executive officers and other keyemployees. we use ebitdac margin for incentive cash compensation determinations for our executive officers. we view ebitdac and ebitdac margin as important indicators of operating performance, because they allow us to determine more comparable, but non-gaap, measurements of our operating margins in a meaningful and consistent manner by removing the significant non-cash items of depreciation, amortization, and the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables, as well as interest expense and taxes, which are reflective of investment and financing activities, not operating performance.
these measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to the gaap information provided in this annual report on form 10-k. we present such non-gaap supplemental financial information because we believe such information is of interest to the investment community and because we believe they provide additional meaningful methods of evaluating certain aspects of our operating performance from period to period on a basis that may not be otherwise apparent on a gaap basis. we believe these non-gaap financial measures improve the comparability of results between periods by eliminating the impact of certain items that have a high degree of variability. our industry peers may provide similar supplemental non-gaap information with respect to one or more of these measures, although they may not use the same or comparable terminology and may not make identical adjustments. this supplemental financial information should be considered in addition to, not in lieu of, our consolidated financial statements.
tabular reconciliations of this supplemental non-gaap financial information to our most comparable gaap information are contained in this annual report on form 10-k under "results of operation - segment information."
acquisitions part of our business strategy is to attract high-quality insurance intermediaries and service organizations to join our operations. from 1993 through the fourth quarter of 2021, we acquired 580 insurance intermediary operations.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. we continually evaluate our estimates, which are based upon a combination of historical experience and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. these estimates form the basis for our judgments about the recognition of revenues, expenses, carrying values of our assets and liabilities, of which values are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates.
we believe that of our significant accounting and reporting policies, the more critical policies include our accounting for revenue recognition, business combinations and purchase price allocations, intangible asset impairments, non-cash stock-based compensation and reserves for litigation. in particular, the accounting for these areas requires significant use of judgment to be made by management. different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes in our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations.
revenue recognition the majority of our revenue is commissions derived from our performance as agents and brokers, acting on behalf of insurance carriers to sell products to customers that are seeking to transfer risk, and conversely, acting on behalf of those customers in negotiating with insurance carriers seeking to acquire risk in exchange for premiums. in the majority of these arrangements, our performance obligation is complete upon the effective date of the bound policy, as such, that is when the associated revenue is recognized. in some arrangements, where we are compensated through commissions, we also perform other services for our customer beyond binding of coverage. in those arrangements we apportion the commission between binding of coverage and other services based on their relative fair value and recognize the associated revenue as those performance obligations are satisfied. where the company's performance obligations have been completed, but the final amount of compensation is unknown due to variable factors, we estimate the amount of such compensation. we refine those estimates upon our receipt of additional information or final settlement, whichever occurs first.
to a lesser extent, the company earns revenues in the form of fees. like commissions, fees paid to us in lieu of commission, are recognized upon the effective date of the bound policy. when we are paid a fee for service, however, the associated revenue is recognized over a period of time that coincides with when the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit of our work, which characterizes most of our claims processing arrangements and various services performed in our property and casualty, and employee benefits practices. other fees are typically recognized upon the completion of the delivery of the agreed-upon services to the customer.
to a much lesser extent, the company will earn revenues starting in 2022 in the form of net retained earned premiums in connection with the captive, in which the majority of underwriting risk is reinsured and a small portion is retained by the company. these premiums are reported net of the ceded premiums for reinsurance and recognized evenly over the associated policy periods.
management determines a policy cancellation reserve based upon historical cancellation experience adjusted in accordance with known circumstances.
please see note 2 "revenues" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" for additional information regarding the nature and timing of our revenues.
business combinations and purchase price allocations we have acquired significant intangible assets through acquisitions of businesses. these assets generally consist of purchased customer accounts, non-compete agreements, and the excess of purchase prices over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired (goodwill). the determination of estimated useful lives and the allocation of purchase price to intangible assets requires significant judgment and affects the amount of future amortization and possible impairment charges.
in connection with acquisitions, we record the estimated value of the net tangible assets purchased and the value of the identifiable intangible assets purchased, which typically consist of purchased customer accounts and non-compete agreements. purchased customer accounts include the right to represent insureds or claimants supported by the physical records and files obtained from acquired businesses that contain information about insurance policies, customers and other matters essential to policy renewals of delivery of services. their value primarily represents the present value of the underlying cash flows expected to be received over the estimated future duration of the acquired customer relationships. the valuation of purchased customer accounts involves significant estimates and assumptions concerning matters such as cancellation frequency, expenses and discount rates. any change in these assumptions could affect the carrying value of purchased customer accounts. non-compete agreements are valued based upon their duration and any unique features of the particular agreements. purchased customer accounts and non-compete agreements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the related estimated lives and contract periods, which typically range from 3 to 15 years. the excess of the purchase price of an acquisition over the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets is assigned to goodwill and is not amortized.
the recorded purchase prices for all acquisitions include an estimation of the fair value of liabilities associated with any potential earn-out provisions, where an earn-out is part of the negotiated transaction. subsequent changes in the fair value of earn-out obligations are recorded in the consolidated statement of income as a result of updated expectations for the performance of the associated business.
the fair value of earn-out obligations is based upon the present value of the expected future payments to be made to the sellers of the acquired businesses in accordance with the provisions contained in the respective purchase agreements. in determining fair value, the acquired business's future performance is estimated using financial projections developed by management for the acquired business, and this estimate reflects market participant assumptions regarding revenue growth and/or profitability. the expected future payments are estimated based on the earn-out formula and performance targets specified in each purchase agreement compared to the associated financial projections. these estimates are then discounted to a present value using a risk-adjusted rate that takes into consideration the likelihood that the forecast earn-out payments will be made.
intangible assets impairment goodwill is subject to at least an annual assessment for impairment, measured by a fair-value-based test. amortizable intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives and are subject to an impairment review based upon an estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the assets. to determine if there is potential impairment of goodwill, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value. the company may elect to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit is impaired. if the company does not perform a qualitative assessment, or if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, the company will calculate the fair value of the reporting unit. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss would be recorded to the extent that the fair value of the goodwill within the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. fair value is estimated based upon multiples of ebitdac, or on a discounted cash flow basis.
management assesses the recoverability of our goodwill and our amortizable intangibles and other long-lived assets annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. any of the following factors, if present, may trigger an impairment review: (i) a significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, (ii) a significant negative industry or economic trend, and (iii) a significant decline in our market capitalization. if the recoverability of these assets is unlikely because of the existence of one or more of the above-referenced factors, an impairment analysis is performed. management must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine the fair value of these assets. if these estimates or related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to revise the assessment and, if appropriate, record an impairment charge. we completed our most recent evaluation of impairment for goodwill as of november 30, 2021 and determined that the fair value of goodwill exceeded the carrying value of such assets. additionally, there have been no impairments recorded for amortizable intangible assets for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020.
non-cash stock-based compensation we grant non-vested stock awards to our employees, with the related compensation expense recognized in the financial statements over the associated service period based upon the grant-date fair value of those awards. during the performance measurement period, we review the probable outcome of the performance conditions associated with our performance awards and align the expense accruals with the expected performance outcome.
during the first quarter of 2021, the performance conditions for approximately 1.2 million shares of the company's common stock granted under the company's 2010 sip and approximately 22,000 shares of the company's common stock granted under the company's 2019 sip were determined by the compensation committee to have been satisfied relative to performance-based grants issued in 2018 and 2020. these grants had a performance measurement period that concluded on december 31, 2020. the vesting condition for these grants requires continuous employment for a period of up to five years from the 2018 grant date and four years from the 2020 grant date in order for the awarded shares to become fully vested and nonforfeitable. as a result of the awarding of these shares, the grantees will be eligible to receive payments of dividends and exercise voting privileges after the awarding date, and the awarded shares will be included as issued and outstanding common stock shares and included in the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share.
during the first quarter of 2022, the performance conditions for approximately 1.3 million shares of the company's common stock granted under the company's 2010 sip and approximately 22,000 shares of the company's common stock granted under the company's 2019 sip were determined by the compensation committee to have been satisfied relative to performance-based grants issued in 2019 and 2021. these grants had a performance measurement period that concluded on december 31, 2021. the vesting condition for these grants requires continuous employment for a period of up to five years from the 2019 grant date and four years from the 2021 grant date in order for the awarded shares to become fully vested and nonforfeitable. as a result of the awarding of these shares, the grantees will be eligible to receive payments of dividends and exercise voting privileges after the awarding date, and the awarded shares will be included as issued and outstanding common stock shares and included in the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share.
litigation and claims we are subject to numerous litigation claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. if it is probable that a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements and the amount of the loss is estimable, an accrual for the costs to resolve these claims is recorded in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. professional fees related to these claims are included in other operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of income as incurred. management, with the assistance of in-house and outside counsel, determines whether it is probable that a liability has been incurred and estimates the amount of loss based upon analysis of individual issues. new developments or changes in settlement strategy in dealing with these matters may significantly affect the required reserves and affect our net income.
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020
the following discussion and analysis regarding results of operations and liquidity and capital resources should be considered in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. for a comparison of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, please see part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 23, 2021.
financial information relating to our consolidated financial results is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                    2021                            % change        2020
revenues core commissions and fees                                        $2,946,291               17.0    %              $2,518,980
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                82,226               15.9    %                  70,934
guaranteed supplemental commissions                                  19,005               17.4    %                  16,194
investment income                                                     1,099              (60.9   )%                   2,811
other income, net                                                     2,777              (37.7   )%                   4,456
total revenues                                                    3,051,398               16.8    %               2,613,375
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                1,636,911               14.0    %               1,436,377
other operating expenses                                            402,941               10.1    %                 365,973
(gain)/loss on disposal                                              (9,605   )            nmf                       (2,388   )
amortization                                                        119,593               10.2    %                 108,523
depreciation                                                         33,309               26.8    %                  26,276
interest                                                             64,981               10.2    %                  58,973
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                    40,445                nmf                       (4,458   )
total expenses                                                    2,288,575               15.0    %               1,989,276
income before income taxes                                          762,823               22.2    %                 624,099
income taxes                                                        175,719               22.4    %                 143,616
net income                                                         $587,104               22.2    %                $480,483
income before income taxes margin (1)                                  25.0   %                                        23.9   %
ebitdac (2)                                                      $1,021,151               25.5    %                $813,413
ebitdac margin (2)                                                     33.5   %                                        31.1   %
organic revenue growth rate (2)                                        10.4   %                                         3.8   %
employee compensation and benefits relative                            53.6   %                                        55.0   %
to total revenues other operating expenses relative to total revenues                    13.2   %                                        14.0   %
capital expenditures                                                $45,045              (36.3   )%                 $70,700
total assets at december 31                                      $9,795,443                9.2    %              $8,966,492
(1)"income before income taxes margin" is defined as income before income taxes divided by total revenues
(2)a non-gaap financial measure nmf = not a meaningful figure commissions and fees commissions and fees, including profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2021, increased $441.4 million to $3,047.5 million, or 16.9% over 2020. core commissions and fees in 2021 increased $427.3 million, composed of (i) $261.3 million of net new and renewal business, which reflects an organic revenue growth rate of 10.4%; (ii) $170.1 million from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2020; (iii) a positive impact from foreign currency translation of $1.2 million; and (iv) an offsetting decrease of $5.3 million related to commissions and fees revenue from business divested in the preceding 12 months. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2021 increased by $14.1 million, or 16.2%, compared to the same period in 2020. this increase was the result of recent acquisitions and qualifying for certain profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in 2021 that we did not qualify for in the prior year.
investment income investment income decreased to $1.1 million in 2021, compared with $2.8 million in 2020. the decrease was primarily due to lower interest rates as compared to the prior year.
other income, net other income for 2021 was $2.7 million, compared with $4.5 million in 2020. other income consists primarily of legal settlements and other miscellaneous income.
employee compensation and benefits employee compensation and benefits expense as a percentage of total revenues was 53.6% for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to 55.0% for the year ended december 31, 2020, and increased 14.0%, or $200.5 million. this increase included $70.7 million of compensation costs related to stand-alone acquisitions that had no comparable costs in the same period of 2020. therefore, employee compensation and benefits expense attributable to those offices that existed in the same time periods of 2021 and 2020 increased by $129.8 million or 9.2%. this underlying employee compensation and benefits expense increase was primarily related to: (i) an increase in staff salaries attributable to salary inflation; (ii) an increase in accrued performance bonuses; and (iii) an increase in producer compensation associated with revenue growth.
other operating expenses other operating expenses represented 13.2% of total revenues for 2021 as compared to 14.0% for the year ended december 31, 2020. other operating expenses for 2021 increased $37.0 million, or 10.1%, from the same period of 2020 growing slower than revenues. the net increase included: (i) $40.2 million of other operating expenses related to stand-alone acquisitions that had no comparable costs in the same period of 2020; (ii) increased data processing costs as we invest in our business to drive future growth; (iii) slightly higher variable operating expenses, including travel and entertainment and meeting-related expenses; partially offset by (iv) non-recurring legal costs and the write-off recorded in 2020 of certain receivables in one of our programs where it was determined the collectability was in doubt and which did not recur in 2021.
gain or loss on disposal the company recognized net gains on disposals of $9.6 million in 2021 and $2.4 million in 2020. the change in the net gain on disposal was due to activity associated with sales of businesses or portions of businesses. although we are not in the business of selling customer accounts, we periodically sell an office or a book of business (one or more customer accounts) that we believe does not produce reasonable margins or demonstrate a potential for growth, or because doing so is in the company's best interest.
amortization amortization expense for 2021 increased $11.1 million to $119.6 million, or 10.2% over 2020. this increase reflects the amortization of new intangibles from businesses acquired within the past 12 months, partially offset by certain intangible assets becoming fully amortized.
depreciation depreciation expense for 2021 increased $7.0 million to $33.3 million, or 26.8% over 2020. changes in depreciation expense reflect the addition of fixed assets resulting from business initiatives, net additions of fixed assets resulting from businesses acquired in the past 12 months, partially offset by fixed assets which became fully depreciated.
interest expense interest expense for 2021 increased $6.0 million to $65.0 million, or 10.2%, from 2020. the increase is due to higher average debt balances from increased borrowings associated with the issuance of bonds in september 2020, partially offset by the decrease in interest rates associated with our floating rate debt balances.
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 805-business combinations is the authoritative guidance requiring an acquirer to recognize 100% of the fair value of acquired assets, including goodwill and assumed liabilities (with only limited exceptions) upon initially obtaining control of an acquired entity. additionally, the fair value of contingent consideration arrangements (such as earn-out purchase price arrangements) at the acquisition date must be included in the purchase price consideration. the recorded purchase price for acquisitions includes an estimation of the fair value of liabilities associated with any potential earn-out provisions. subsequent changes in these earn-out obligations are required to be recorded in the consolidated statement of income when incurred or reasonably estimated. estimations of potential earn-out obligations are typically based upon future earnings of the acquired operations or entities, usually for periods ranging from one to three years.
the net charge or credit to the consolidated statement of income for the period is the combination of the net change in the estimated acquisition earn-out payables balance, and the interest expense imputed on the outstanding balance of the estimated acquisition earn-out payables.
as of december 31, 2021, the fair values of the estimated acquisition earn-out payables were reevaluated and measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs (level 3) as defined in asc 820-fair value measurement. the resulting net changes, as well as the interest expense accretion on the estimated acquisition earn-out payables, for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
(in thousands)                                                    2021              2020
change in fair value of estimated acquisition earn-out payables           $34,209       $(11,814       )
interest expense accretion                                                  6,236              7,356
net change in earnings from estimated acquisition                         $40,445       $(4,458        )
earn-out payables for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of estimated earn-out payables was reevaluated and increased by $34.2 million for 2021 and decreased by $11.8 million for 2020, which are charges and credits respectively, net of interest expense accretion, to the consolidated statement of income for 2021 and 2020.
as of december 31, 2021, the estimated acquisition earn-out payables equaled $291.0 million, of which $78.4 million was recorded as accounts payable and $212.6 million was recorded as other non-current liabilities. as of december 31, 2020, the estimated acquisition earn-out payables equaled $258.9 million, of which $79.2 million was recorded as accounts payable and $179.7 million was recorded as other non-current liabilities.
income taxes the effective tax rate on income from operations was 23.0% in 2021 and 2020.
results of operations - segment information as discussed in note 16 "segment information" of the notes to consolidated financial statements, we operate four reportable segments: retail, national programs, wholesale brokerage and services. on a segmented basis, changes in amortization, depreciation and interest expenses generally result from activity associated with acquisitions. likewise, other revenues in each segment reflects net gains primarily from legal settlements and miscellaneous income. as such, in evaluating the operational efficiency of a segment, management focuses on the organic revenue growth rate and ebitdac margin.
the reconciliation of total commissions and fees included in the consolidated statements of income to organic revenue, a non-gaap financial measure, including by segment, and the growth rates for organic revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021 are as follows:
2021                                                                  retail(1)                                   national programs                                  wholesale brokerage                                    services                                                total
(in thousands, except            2021                       2020                      2021                      2020                      2021                       2020                      2021                  2020                  2021                       2020
percentages)
commissions and fees                       $1,764,922                $1,470,093                 $701,108                   $609,842                 $402,635                    $352,161              $178,857              $174,012                 $3,047,522                $2,606,108
total change                                 $294,829                                            $91,266                                             $50,474                                            $4,845                                         $441,414
total growth %                                   20.1   %                                           15.0    %                                           14.3     %                                         2.8   %                                         16.9   %
profit-sharing contingent                     (38,895   )               (35,785   )              (35,259    )               (27,278   )               (8,072     )                (7,871   )                 -                     -                    (82,226   )               (70,934   )
commissions gscs                                          (16,452   )               (15,128   )               (1,619    )                   238                     (934     )                (1,304   )                 -                     -                    (19,005   )               (16,194   )
core commissions and                       $1,709,575                $1,419,180                 $664,230                   $582,802                 $393,629                    $342,986              $178,857              $174,012                 $2,946,291                $2,518,980
fees acquisitions                                 (138,968   )                     -                   (8,151    )                     -                  (22,998     )                     -                     -                     -                   (170,117   )                     -
dispositions                                        -                    (4,403   )                    -                       (478   )                    -                           -                     -                  (364   )                      -                    (5,245   )
foreign currency translation                        -                         -                        -                      1,161                        -                           -                     -                     -                          -                     1,161
organic revenue(2)                         $1,570,607                $1,414,777                 $656,079                   $583,485                 $370,631                    $342,986              $178,857              $173,648                 $2,776,174                $2,514,896
organic revenue                              $155,830                                            $72,594                                             $27,645                                            $5,209                                         $261,278
growth(2)
organic revenue growth rate(2)                   11.0   %                                           12.4    %                                            8.1     %                                         3.0   %                                         10.4   %
(1)the retail segment includes commissions and fees reported in the "other" column of the segment information table in note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which includes corporate and consolidation items.
(2)a non-gaap financial measure.
33
the reconciliation of total commissions and fees included in the consolidated statements of income to organic revenue, a non-gaap financial measure, including by segment, and the growth rates for organic revenue for the year ended december 31, 2020, by segment, are as follows:
2020                                                                     retail(1)                                   national programs                                  wholesale brokerage                                       services                                            total
(in thousands, except percentages)   2020                      2019                      2020                      2019                      2020                       2019                      2020                     2019              2020                       2019
commissions and fees                          $1,470,093                $1,364,755                 $609,842                   $516,915                 $352,161                    $309,426                $174,012               $193,641             $2,606,108                $2,384,737
total change                                    $105,338                                            $92,927                                             $42,735                                            $(19,629   )                                  $221,371
total growth %                                       7.7   %                                           18.0    %                                           13.8     %                                        (10.1    )%                                      9.3   %
profit-sharing contingent                        (35,785   )               (34,150   )              (27,278    )               (17,517   )               (7,871     )                (7,499   )              -                           -                (70,934   )               (59,166   )
commissions gscs                                             (15,128   )               (11,056   )                  238                    (10,566   )               (1,304     )                (1,443   )              -                           -                (16,194   )               (23,065   )
core commissions and fees                     $1,419,180                $1,319,549                 $582,802                   $488,832                 $342,986                    $300,484                $174,012               $193,641             $2,518,980                $2,302,506
acquisitions                                     (79,580   )                     -                  (34,173    )                     -                  (25,861     )                     -                  (1,484   )                  -               (141,098   )                     -
dispositions                                           -                   (11,772   )                    -                       (377   )                    -                           -                  -                           -                      -                   (12,149   )
foreign currency translation                           -                         -                        -                          -                        -                           -                  -                           -                      -                         -
organic revenue(2)                            $1,339,600                $1,307,777                 $548,629                   $488,455                 $317,125                    $300,484                $172,528               $193,641             $2,377,882                $2,290,357
organic revenue growth(2)                        $31,823                                            $60,174                                             $16,641                                            $(21,113   )                                   $87,525
organic revenue growth rate(2)                       2.4   %                                           12.3    %                                            5.5     %                                        (10.9    )%                                      3.8   %
(1)the retail segment includes commissions and fees reported in the "other" column of the segment information table in note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which includes corporate and consolidation items.
(2)a non-gaap financial measure.
the reconciliation of income before incomes taxes, included in the consolidated statement of income, to ebitdac, a non-gaap measure, and income before income taxes margin to ebitdac margin, a non-gaap measure, for the year ended december 31, 2021, is as follows:
(in thousands)                                retail            national           wholesale           services       other                         total programs           brokerage income before income taxes                  $334,377            $242,334             $94,845            $28,257       $63,010                    $762,823
income before income taxes margin(2)            18.9   %            34.5   %            23.5   %           15.8   %   nmf                            25.0   %
amortization                                  77,810              27,357               9,150              5,276             -                     119,593
depreciation                                  11,194               9,839               2,646              1,484             8,146                  33,309
interest                                      91,425              11,381              15,990              2,899             (56,714   )            64,981
change in estimated acquisition               40,778              (7,652   )           7,319                  -             -                      40,445
earn-out payables ebitdac(2)                                  $555,584            $283,259            $129,950            $37,916       $14,442                  $1,021,151
ebitdac margin(2)                               31.4   %            40.4   %            32.2   %           21.2   %   nmf                            33.5   %
(1)"income before income taxes margin" is defined as income before income taxes divided by total revenues
(2)a non-gaap financial measure nmf = not a meaningful figure
34
the reconciliation of income before incomes taxes, included in the consolidated statement of income, to ebitdac, a non-gaap measure, and income before income taxes margin to ebitdac margin, a non-gaap measure, for the year ended december 31, 2020, is as follows:
(in thousands)                                retail             national           wholesale            services       other                        total programs           brokerage income before income taxes                  $262,245             $182,892             $93,593             $27,994       $57,375                   $624,099
income before income taxes margin(2)            17.8   %             30.0   %            26.5   %            16.1   %   nmf                           23.9   %
amortization                                  67,315               27,166               8,481               5,561             -                    108,523
depreciation                                   9,071                8,658               1,948               1,424             5,175                 26,276
interest                                      85,968               20,597              10,281               4,142             (62,015   )           58,973
change in estimated acquisition                8,689              (10,484   )             422              (3,085   )         -                     (4,458   )
earn-out payables ebitdac(2)                                  $433,288             $228,829            $114,725             $36,036       $535                      $813,413
ebitdac margin(2)                               29.4   %             37.5   %            32.5   %            20.7   %   nmf                           31.1   %
(1)"income before income taxes margin" is defined as income before income taxes divided by total revenues
(2)a non-gaap financial measure nmf = not a meaningful figure
35
retail segment the retail segment provides a broad range of insurance products and services to commercial, public and quasi-public, professional and individual insured customers, and non-insurance risk-mitigating products through our automobile dealer services ("f&i") businesses. approximately 76.4% of the retail segment's commissions and fees revenue is commission based.
financial information relating to our retail segment for the 12 months ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                              2021                            % change        2020
revenues core commissions and fees                                                  $1,711,320               20.5   %               $1,420,439
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                          38,895                8.7   %                   35,785
guaranteed supplemental commissions                                            16,452                8.8   %                   15,128
investment income                                                                 278               70.6   %                      163
other income, net                                                                 993              (20.6   )%                   1,251
total revenues                                                              1,767,938               20.0   %                1,472,766
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                            949,351               15.7   %                  820,368
other operating expenses                                                      268,126               21.1   %                  221,496
(gain)/loss on disposal                                                        (5,123   )          114.7   %                   (2,386   )
amortization                                                                   77,810               15.6   %                   67,315
depreciation                                                                   11,194               23.4   %                    9,071
interest                                                                       91,425                6.3   %                   85,968
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                              40,778                nmf                        8,689
total expenses                                                              1,433,561               18.4   %                1,210,521
income before income taxes                                                   $334,377               27.5   %                 $262,245
income before income taxes margin (1)                                            18.9   %                                        17.8   %
ebitdac (2)                                                                   555,584               28.2   %                  433,288
ebitdac margin (2)                                                               31.4   %                                        29.4   %
organic revenue growth rate (2)                                                  11.0   %                                         2.4   %
employee compensation and benefits relative to total revenues                    53.7   %                                        55.7   %
other operating expenses relative to total revenues                              15.2   %                                        15.0   %
capital expenditures                                                           $8,093              (38.6   )%                 $13,175
total assets at december 31 (3)                                            $5,040,706              (28.9   )%              $7,093,627
(1)"income before income taxes margin" is defined as income before income taxes divided by total revenues
(2)a non-gaap financial measure
(3)as of december 31, 2021, the company settled the historical accumulation of the cash outlays paid by corporate reducing the total assets at the segment level with no effect on the consolidated company nmf = not a meaningful figure the retail segment's total revenues in 2021 increased 20.0%, or $295.2 million, over the same period in 2020, to $1,767.9 million. the $290.9 million increase in core commissions and fees was driven by the following: (i) $156.3 million related to net new and renewal business; (ii) approximately $139.0 million related to the core commissions and fees from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2020; offset by (iii) a decrease of $4.4 million related to commissions and fees from businesses or books of business divested in 2020 and 2021. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in 2021 increased 8.7%, or $4.4 million, over 2020, to $55.3 million primarily from acquisitions completed in 2020 and 2021. the retail segment's growth rate for total commissions and fees was 20.1% and the organic revenue growth rate was 11.0% for 2021. the organic revenue growth rate was driven by net new business written during the preceding 12 months and growth on renewals of existing customers. renewal business was impacted by rate increases in most lines of business and some modest expansion of exposure units.
income before income taxes for 2021 increased 27.5%, or $72.1 million, over the same period in 2020, to $334.4 million. the primary factors driving this increase were: (i) the net increase in revenue as described above, offset by (ii) a 15.7%, or $129.0 million, increase in employee compensation and benefits, due primarily to the year-on-year impact of salary inflation and additional employees to support revenue growth and acquisitions, (iii) operating expenses which increased by $46.6 million, or 21.1%, due to increased professional services to support our customers and acquisitions; (iv) an increase in the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables of $32.1 million, to $40.8 million; and (v) a combined increase in amortization, depreciation and intercompany interest expense of $18.1 million resulting from our acquisition activity over the past 12 months.
ebitdac for 2021 increased 28.2%, or $122.3 million, from the same period in 2020, to $555.6 million. ebitdac margin for 2021 increased to 31.4% from 29.4% in the same period in 2020. ebitdac margin was impacted by (i) the leveraging of our expense base, (ii) higher profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs; partially offset by, (iii) increased non-stock cash compensation costs.
36
national programs segment the national programs segment manages over 40 programs supported by approximately 100 well-capitalized carrier partners. in most cases, the insurance carriers that support the programs have delegated underwriting and, in many instances, claims-handling authority to our programs operations. these programs are generally distributed through a nationwide network of independent agents and brown & brown retail agents, and offer targeted products and services designed for specific industries, trade groups, professions, public entities and market niches. the national programs segment operations can be grouped into five broad categories: professional programs, personal lines programs, commercial programs, public entity-related programs and specialty programs. approximately 75.2% of the national programs segment's commissions and fees revenue is commission based.
financial information relating to our national programs segment for the 12 months ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                              2021                          % change        2020
revenues core commissions and fees                                                  $664,230               14.0   %               $582,802
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                        35,259               29.3   %                 27,278
guaranteed supplemental commissions                                           1,619                nmf                       (238   )
investment income                                                               550              (27.2   )%                   756
other income, net                                                               192                nmf                         42
total revenues                                                              701,850               14.9   %                610,640
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                          294,713               13.3   %                260,141
other operating expenses                                                    128,368                5.5   %                121,670
(gain)/loss on disposal                                                      (4,490   )            nmf                          -
amortization                                                                 27,357                0.7   %                 27,166
depreciation                                                                  9,839               13.6   %                  8,658
interest                                                                     11,381              (44.7   )%                20,597
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                            (7,652   )          (27.0   )%               (10,484   )
total expenses                                                              459,516                7.4   %                427,748
income before income taxes                                                 $242,334               32.5   %               $182,892
income before income taxes margin (1)                                          34.5   %                                      30.0   %
ebitdac (2)                                                                 283,259               23.8   %                228,829
ebitdac margin (2)                                                             40.4   %                                      37.5   %
organic revenue growth rate (2)                                                12.4   %                                      12.3   %
employee compensation and benefits relative to total revenues                  42.0   %                                      42.6   %
other operating expenses relative to total revenues                            18.3   %                                      19.9   %
capital expenditures                                                        $13,467               86.8   %                 $7,208
total assets at december 31 (3)                                          $2,943,006              (16.2   )%            $3,510,983
(1)"income before income taxes margin" is defined as income before income taxes divided by total revenues
(2)a non-gaap financial measure
(3)as of december 31, 2021, the company settled the historical accumulation of the cash outlays paid by corporate reducing the total assets at the segment level with no effect on the consolidated company nmf = not a meaningful figure the national programs segment's total revenue for 2021 increased 14.9%, or $91.2 million, as compared to the same period in 2020, to $701.9 million. the $81.4 million increase in core commissions and fees revenue was driven by: (i) $72.6 million related to net new and renewal business; (ii) approximately $8.2 million related to the core commissions and fees revenue from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2020; (iii) a positive impact from foreign currency translation of $1.2 million; offset by (iv) a decrease of $0.5 million related to commissions and fees revenue from business divested in the preceding 12 months.
the national programs segment's growth rate for total commissions and fees was 15.0% and the organic revenue growth rate was 12.4% for 2021. the total commissions and fees growth was due to strong organic revenue growth across many of our programs along with new acquisitions. the organic revenue growth was driven by new business, good retention, exposure unit expansion and rate increases across many programs.
income before income taxes for 2021 increased 32.5%, or $59.4 million, from the same period in 2020, to $242.3 million. the increase was the result of: (i) strong total revenue growth; (ii) lower intercompany interest expense; (iii) a gain on sale of one of our businesses; partially offset by; (iv) an increase in estimated acquisition earn-out payables.
ebitdac for 2021 increased 23.8%, or $54.4 million, from the same period in 2020, to $283.3 million. ebitdac margin for 2021 increased to 40.4% due to (i) organic revenue growth and scaling of a number of our programs; (ii) higher contingent commissions, and (iii) a gain on the sale of one of our businesses.
37
wholesale brokerage segment the wholesale brokerage segment markets and sells excess and surplus commercial and personal lines insurance, primarily through independent agents and brokers, including brown & brown retail agents. approximately 83.3% of the wholesale brokerage segment's commissions and fees revenue is commission based.
financial information relating to our wholesale brokerage segment for the 12 months ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                              2021                          % change        2020
revenues core commissions and fees                                                  $393,629               14.8   %               $342,986
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                         8,072                2.6   %                  7,871
guaranteed supplemental commissions                                             934              (28.4   )%                 1,304
investment income                                                               155              (15.8   )%                   184
other income, net                                                               627               38.7   %                    452
total revenues                                                              403,417               14.3   %                352,797
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                          212,781               15.4   %                184,429
other operating expenses                                                     60,686               13.1   %                 53,643
(gain)/loss on disposal                                                           -                  -                          -
amortization                                                                  9,150                7.9   %                  8,481
depreciation                                                                  2,646               35.8   %                  1,948
interest                                                                     15,990               55.5   %                 10,281
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                             7,319                nmf                        422
total expenses                                                              308,572               19.0   %                259,204
income before income taxes                                                  $94,845                1.3   %                $93,593
income before income taxes margin (1)                                          23.5   %                                      26.5   %
ebitdac (2)                                                                 129,950               13.3   %                114,725
ebitdac margin (2)                                                             32.2   %                                      32.5   %
organic revenue growth rate (2)                                                 8.1   %                                       5.5   %
employee compensation and benefits relative to total revenues                  52.7   %                                      52.3   %
other operating expenses relative to total revenues                            15.0   %                                      15.2   %
capital expenditures                                                         $1,612              (51.5   )%                $3,324
total assets at december 31 (3)                                          $1,154,373              (35.6   )%            $1,791,717
(1)"income before income taxes margin" is defined as income before income taxes divided by total revenues
(2)a non-gaap financial measure
(3)as of december 31, 2021, the company settled the historical accumulation of the cash outlays paid by corporate reducing the total assets at the segment level with no effect on the consolidated company nmf = not a meaningful figure the wholesale brokerage segment's total revenues for 2021 increased 14.3%, or $50.6 million, over 2020, to $403.4 million. the $50.6 million increase in core commissions and fees was driven by the following: (i) $27.6 million related to net new and renewal business and; (ii) $23.0 million related to the core commissions and fees from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2020. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2021 decreased $0.2 million compared to 2020, to $9.0 million. the wholesale brokerage segment's growth rate for total commissions and fees was 14.3%, and the organic revenue growth rate was 8.1% for 2021. the organic revenue growth rate was driven by net new business, as well as increased rates seen across most lines of business, which was partially offset by shrinking capacity in the catastrophe exposed personal lines market.
income before income taxes for 2021 increased 1.3%, or $1.3 million, over 2020, to $94.8 million, primarily due to the following: (i) the net increase in total revenues as described above, which was offset by; (ii) an increase in amortization expense; (iii) an increase in intercompany interest expense; (iv) an increase in employee compensation and benefits of $28.3 million, related to additional employees from acquisitions completed in the past 12 months and net additions to support increased transaction volumes, compensation increases for existing employees, and additional non-cash stock-based compensation expense; and (v) a net $7.0 million increase in other operating expenses, primarily acquisition related.
ebitdac for 2021 increased 13.3%, or $15.2 million, from the same period in 2020, to $129.9 million. ebitdac margin for 2021 decreased to 32.2% from 32.5% in the same period in 2020. the decrease in ebitdac margin was primarily driven by; (i) increased employee compensation based on the composition of revenue growth and non-cash stock-based compensation costs, in addition to; (ii) a variable expense normalization which was partially offset by; (iii) revenue growth as described above.
38
services segment the services segment provides insurance-related services, including third-party claims administration and comprehensive medical utilization management services in both the workers' compensation and all-lines liability arenas. the services segment also provides medicare set-aside account services, social security disability and medicare benefits advocacy services, and claims adjusting services.
unlike the other segments, nearly all of the services segment's revenue is generated from fees which are not significantly affected by fluctuations in general insurance premiums.
financial information relating to our services segment for the 12 months ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                              2021                          % change        2020
revenues core commissions and fees                                                 $178,857                 2.8   %              $174,012
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                            -                   -                         -
guaranteed supplemental commissions                                              -                   -                         -
investment income                                                                3                   -                         -
other income, net                                                                -                   -                         -
total revenues                                                             178,860                 2.8   %               174,012
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                          89,723                 1.1   %                88,787
other operating expenses                                                    51,212                 4.1   %                49,191
(gain)/loss on disposal                                                          9                   -                        (2    )
amortization                                                                 5,276                (5.1   )%                5,561
depreciation                                                                 1,484                 4.2   %                 1,424
interest                                                                     2,899               (30.0   )%                4,142
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                                -              (100.0   )%               (3,085    )
total expenses                                                             150,603                 3.1   %               146,018
income before income taxes                                                 $28,257                 0.9   %               $27,994
income before income taxes margin (1)                                         15.8   %                                      16.1    %
ebitdac (2)                                                                 37,916                 5.2   %                36,036
ebitdac margin (2)                                                            21.2   %                                      20.7    %
organic revenue growth rate (2)                                                3.0   %                                     (10.9   )%
employee compensation and benefits relative to total revenues                 50.2   %                                      51.0    %
other operating expenses relative to total revenues                           28.6   %                                      28.3    %
capital expenditures                                                        $1,609                13.0   %                $1,424
total assets at december 31 (3)                                           $299,185               (37.7   )%             $480,440
(1)"income before income taxes margin" is defined as income before income taxes divided by total revenues
(2)a non-gaap financial measure
(3)as of december 31, 2021, the company settled the historical accumulation of the cash outlays paid by corporate reducing the total assets at the segment level with no effect on the consolidated company nmf = not a meaningful figure the services segment's total revenues for 2021 increased 2.8%, or $4.8 million, from 2020, to $178.9 million. the $4.8 million increase in core commissions and fees, was driven by; (i) specialized claims handling in our advisory business; (ii) expansion of existing programs; (iii) partially offset by continued pressure in our advocacy space (iii) and reduction in workers' compensation severity claims. total commissions and fees increased 2.8%, and organic revenue increased 3.0% in 2021, both as compared to 2020.
income before income taxes for 2021 increased 0.9%, or $0.3 million, from 2020, to $28.3 million due to a combination of: (i) lower intercompany interest; (ii) drivers of ebitdac described below and; (iii) partially offset by the earn-out liability credit recorded in prior year.
ebitdac for 2021 increased 5.2%, or $1.9 million, from the same period in 2020, to $37.9 million. ebitdac margin for 2021 increased to 21.2% from 20.7% in the same period in 2020. the increase in ebitdac and ebitdac margin were driven primarily by leveraging our expense base with higher organic revenue growth and lower variable expenses in response to covid-19.
other as discussed in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, the "other" column in the segment information table includes any income and expenses not allocated to reportable segments, and corporate-related items, including the intercompany interest expense charges to reporting segments.
39
liquidity and capital resources the company seeks to maintain a conservative balance sheet and liquidity profile. our capital requirements to operate as an insurance intermediary are low and we have been able to grow and invest in our business principally through cash that has been generated from operations. we have the ability to utilize our revolving credit facility, which as of december 31, 2021 provided access to up to $800.0 million in available cash. we believe that we have access to additional funds, if needed, through the capital markets or private placements to obtain further debt financing under the current market conditions. the company believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investment portfolio and funds generated from operations, together with the funds available under the revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to satisfy our normal liquidity needs, including principal payments on our long-term debt, for at least the next 12 months.
the revolving credit facility contains an expansion for up to an additional $500.0 million of borrowing capacity, subject to the approval of participating lenders. in addition, under the term loan credit agreement, the unsecured term loan in the initial amount of $300.0 million may be increased by up to $150.0 million, subject to the approval of participating lenders. including the expansion options under all existing credit agreements, the company has access to up to $1.5 billion of incremental borrowing capacity as of december 31, 2021.
our cash and cash equivalents of $887.0 million at december 31, 2021, of which $245.6 million was held in a fiduciary capacity, reflected an increase of $69.6 million from the $817.4 million balance at december 31, 2020. during 2021, $942.5 million of cash was generated from operating activities, representing an increase of 30.6%. during this period, $366.8 million of cash was used for new acquisitions, $89.1 million was used for acquisition earn-out payments, $45.0 million was used to purchase additional fixed assets, $107.2 million was used for payment of dividends, $82.6 million was used for share repurchases and $73.1 million was used to pay outstanding principal balances owed on long-term debt.
we hold approximately $66.4 million in cash outside of the u.s., which we currently have no plans to repatriate in the near future.
our cash and cash equivalents of $817.4 million at december 31, 2020, of which $211.9 million was held in a fiduciary capacity, reflected an increase of $275.2 million from the $542.2 million balance at december 31, 2019. during 2020, $721.6 million of cash was generated from operating activities, representing an increase of 6.4%. during this period, $694.8 million of cash was used for new acquisitions, $29.5 million was used for acquisition earn-out payments, $70.7 million was used to purchase additional fixed assets, $100.6 million was used for payment of dividends, $55.1 million was used for share repurchases and $55.0 million was used to pay outstanding principal balances owed on long-term debt.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities (the "current ratio") was 1.25 and 1.26 for december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively.
contractual cash obligations as of december 31, 2021, our contractual cash obligations were as follows:
payments due by period
(in thousands)                                                 total           less than                      1-3 years               4-5 years           after 5
1 year                                                                     years long-term debt                                            $2,036,875           $42,500                         $750,625                $193,750           $1,050,000
other liabilities(1)                                         178,299                   38,816                    18,621                  11,237                   109,625
operating leases(2)                                          260,801                   49,529                    87,355                  58,928                    64,989
interest obligations                                         349,233                   61,157                   111,940                  71,391                   104,745
unrecognized tax benefits                                        917                        -                       917                       -                         -
maximum future acquisition contingency payments(3)           484,815                  116,033                   368,782                       -                         -
total contractual cash obligations(4)                     $3,310,940           $308,035                      $1,338,240                $335,306           $1,329,359
(1)includes the current portion of other long-term liabilities, and approximately $15.6 million of remaining deferred employer-only payroll tax payments related to the cares act which are expected to be paid in december 2022. the company paid the first installment of $15.6 million in december 2021.
(2)includes $18.8 million of future lease commitments expected to commence in 2022.
(3)includes $291.0 million of current and non-current estimated earn-out payables. $25.0 million of this balance is not subject to any further contingency as a result of the amendment dated as of july 27, 2020 by and among the company, the hays group, inc., and certain of its affiliates, to the asset purchase agreement, dated as of october 22, 2018.
(4)does not include approximately $28.9 million of current liability for a dividend of $0.1025 per share approved by the board of directors onjanuary 20, 2022.
debt total debt at december 31, 2021 was $2,022.9 million net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, which was an decrease of $73.0 million compared to december 31, 2020. the decrease includes: (i) the repayment of the principal balance of $73.1 million for scheduled principal amortization balances related to our various existing floating rate debt term notes; (ii) an additional $2.7 million including debt issuance costs related to the company's refinanced credit facility, the second amended and restated credit agreement (as defined below), on october 27, 2021; offset by (iii) net of the amortization of discounted debt related to our various unsecured senior notes, and debt issuance cost amortization of $2.8 million.
on october 27, 2021, the company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the "second amended and restated credit agreement") with the lenders named therein, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. as administrative agent, bank of america, n.a., truist bank and bmo harris bank n.a. as co-syndication agents, and u.s. bank national association, fifth third bank, national association, wells fargo bank, national association, pnc bank, national association, morgan stanley senior funding, inc. and citizens bank, n.a. as co-documentation agents. the second amended and restated credit agreement amended and restated the credit agreement dated april 17, 2014, among certain of such parties, as amended by that certain amended and restated credit agreement dated june 28, 2017 (the "original credit agreement"). the second amended and restated credit agreement, among other certain terms, extended the maturity of the revolving credit facility of $800.0 million and unsecured term loans associated with the agreement of $250.0 million to october 27, 2026. at the time of the renewal, the company added an additional $2.7 million in debt issuance costs related to the transaction. the company carried forward $0.6 million of existing debt issuance costs related to the previous credit facility agreements while expensing $0.1 million in debt issuance costs due to certain lenders exiting the renewed facility agreement.
during the 12 months ended december 31, 2021, the company has repaid $30.0 million of principal related to the amended and restated credit agreement term loan through quarterly scheduled amortized principal payments each equaling $10.0 million on march 31, 2021, june 30, 2021, september 30, 2021 and on october 27, 2021 in conjunction with the closing of the second amended and restated credit agreement, the company repaid an additional $10.0 million of outstanding principal related to the term loan under the amended and restated credit agreement. on december 31, 2021, the company repaid $3.1 million under the second amended and restated credit agreement as part of a scheduled amortized principal payment/ the second amended and restated credit agreement term loan had an outstanding balance of $246.9 million as of december 31, 2021. the company's next scheduled amortized principal payment is due march 31, 2022 and is equal to $3.1 million.
during the 12 months ended december 31, 2021, the company has repaid $30.0 million of principal related to the term loan credit agreement through quarterly scheduled amortized principal payments each equaling $7.5 million on march 31, 2021, june 30, 2021, september 30, 2021 and december 31, 2021. the term loan credit agreement had an outstanding balance of $240.0 million as of december 31, 2021. the company's next scheduled amortized principal payment is due march 31, 2021 and is equal to $7.5 million.
total debt at december 31, 2020 was $2,095.9 million net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, which was an increase of $540.6 million compared to december 31, 2019. the increase includes: (i) incremental borrowings of $700.0 million related to the company's 2.375% senior notes due 2031 issued on september 24, 2020; (ii) net of the amortization of discounted debt related to our various unsecured senior notes, and debt issuance cost amortization of $2.3 million; offset by (iii) the repayment of the principal balance of $55.0 million for scheduled principal amortization balances related to our various existing floating rate debt term notes; (iv) the net repayment of $100.0 million under the revolving credit facility; and (v) an additional $6.7 million including debt issuance costs and the portion of discount applied to the proceeds issued under the incremental borrowings related to the company's 2.375% senior notes due 2031 issued on september 24, 2020.
on september 24, 2020, the company completed the issuance of $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of the company's 2.375% senior notes due 2031. the senior notes were given investment grade ratings of bbb- stable outlook and baa3 positive outlook. the notes are subject to certain covenant restrictions, which are customary for credit rated obligations. at the time of funding, the proceeds were offered at a discount of the original note amount, which also excluded an underwriting fee discount. the net proceeds received from the issuance were used to repay a portion of the outstanding balance of $200.0 million on the revolving credit facility, to pay a portion of the purchase price in connection with the acquisitions of lp insurance services, llp and ckp insurance, llc and for other general corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2020, there was an outstanding debt balance of $700.0 million exclusive of the associated discount balance.
during the 12 months ended december 31, 2020, the company has repaid $40.0 million of principal related to the amended and restated credit agreement term loan through quarterly scheduled amortized principal payments each equaling $10.0 million on march 31, 2020, june 30, 2020, september 30, 2020 and december 31, 2020. the amended and restated credit agreement term loan had an outstanding balance of $290.0 million as of december 31, 2020. the company's next scheduled amortized principal payment is due march 31, 2021 and is equal to $10.0 million.
during the 12 months ended december 31, 2020, the company has repaid $15.0 million of principal related to the term loan credit agreement through quarterly scheduled amortized principal payments each equaling $3.8 million on march 31, 2020, june 30, 2020, september 30, 2020 and december 31, 2020. the term loan credit agreement had an outstanding balance of $270.0 million as of december 31, 2020. the company's next scheduled amortized principal payment is due march 31, 2021 and is equal to $7.5 million.
on april 30, 2020, the company borrowed $250.0 million under the revolving credit facility. the proceeds were used in conjunction with the payment of the purchase price for the previously announced acquisition of lp insurance services llc and for additional liquidity to further strengthen the company's financial position and balance sheet in the event cash receipts from customers or carrier partners are delayed due to the covid-19 pandemic. on june 30, 2020, the company repaid $150.0 million on the revolving credit facility. on september 24, 2020, the company repaid the total outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility of $200.0 million using the proceeds received from the borrowings under the company's 2.375% senior notes due 2031.
