item 1a.    risk factors the following risk factors and other information included in this annual report on form 10-k should be considered. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones the company faces. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the company or that it currently deems immaterial also may impact its business operations. if any of the following risks occur, the company's business including its financial performance, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected.
risks related to covid-19
the company faces risks related to the covid-19 pandemic that could adversely affect its business and financial performance.
the covid-19 pandemic has disrupted, and may continue to disrupt, global automotive industry production volumes, and consumer purchases of light vehicles. in 2020, global vehicle production decreased, and some vehicle manufacturers, at times, completely shut down manufacturing operations in some countries and regions, including the united states and europe. as a result, the company has experienced, and may continue to experience, delays in the production and distribution of its products and the loss of sales. if the global economic effects caused by covid-19 continue or increase, overall customer demand may decrease, which could further adversely affect the company's business, results of operations, and financial condition.
throughout 2020, and to a lesser extent in 2021, global government directives and initiatives to reduce the transmission of covid-19, such as the imposition of travel restrictions, closing of borders, stay-at-home orders, plant shutdowns, and lockdowns of cities and countries, materially impacted the company's operations. furthermore, covid-19 has impacted and may further impact the broader economies of affected countries, including negatively impacting economic growth, traditional functioning of financial and capital markets, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates.
during 2021, trailing impacts of the shutdowns and production declines related, in part, to covid-19 created supply constraints of certain components, particularly semiconductor chips. these supply constraints have had and are expected to continue to have significant impacts on global industry production levels. due to the uncertainty of its duration and the timing of recovery, at this time, the company is unable to predict the extent to which covid-19, including its existing and future variants that may emerge, may have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. the extent of the impact of covid-19 on the company's operational and financial performance, including its ability to execute its business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frames, will depend on future developments, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of covid-19, including variants, its severity, covid-19 containment and treatment efforts, including the availability, efficacy, and acceptance of the vaccines and any related restrictions on travel. furthermore, the duration, timing and severity of the impact on customer production, including any recession resulting from covid-19, are uncertain and unpredictable. an extended period of global supply chain and economic disruption as a result of covid-19 would have a further material negative impact on the company's business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity and financial condition, although the full extent and duration are uncertain.
risks related to the company's strategy the company's charging forward strategy may prove unsuccessful.
in 2021, the company announced its strategy to aggressively grow its electrification portfolio over time through organic investments and technology-focused acquisitions, most recently through the 2021 acquisition of akasol as well as the 2020 purchase of delphi technologies. the company believes it is well positioned for the industry's anticipated migration to electric vehicles. outlined in this strategy is a target to dispose of $3 to $4 billion in annual revenue from the company's combustion portfolio by 2025 with approximately $1 billion of that target to be delivered by the end of 2022. the company is targeting revenue from products for pure electric vehicles to be over 25% of its total revenue by 2025 and approximately 45% of its total revenue by 2030.
the company may not meet its goals due to many factors, including any of the risks identified in the paragraph that follows, failure to develop new products that its customers will purchase, and technology changes that could render its products obsolete, or the introduction of new technology to which it does not have access, among other things. additionally, there is no certainty that the company will be able to dispose of certain internal combustion assets on favorable terms, if at all, and the disposition process is expected to consume significant management resources.
the company expects to continue to pursue business ventures, acquisitions, and strategic alliances that leverage its technology capabilities and enhance its customer base, geographic representation, and scale to complement its current businesses. the company regularly evaluates potential growth opportunities, some of which could be material. while it believes that such transactions are an integral part of its long-term strategy, there are risks and uncertainties related to these activities. assessing a potential growth opportunity involves extensive due diligence. however, the amount of information the company can obtain about a potential growth opportunity can be limited, and it can give no assurance that past or future business ventures, acquisitions, and strategic alliances will positively affect its financial performance or will perform as planned. assessing a price for potential transactions is inexact, particularly in a market that generally favors sellers and attaches a high multiple or premium on technology. the company may not be able to successfully assimilate or integrate companies that it has acquired or will acquire in the future, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations and general operating procedures. failure to execute the company's growth strategy could adversely affect its business.
the failure to realize the expected benefits of acquisitions and other risks associated with acquisitions could adversely affect the company's business.
the success of the company's acquisitions is dependent, in part, on its ability to realize the expected benefits from combining the businesses of the company and businesses that it acquires. to realize these anticipated benefits, both companies must be successfully combined, which is subject to the company's ability to consolidate operations, corporate cultures and systems and to eliminate redundancies and costs. if the company is unsuccessful in combining companies, the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. further, there is potential for unknown or inestimable liabilities relating to the acquired businesses. in addition, the actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, which could reduce the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions.
the combination of independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process that requires significant management attention and resources. it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of the company's operations, the inability to maintain or increase its competitive presence, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from the acquisition, the diversion of management's attention to integration matters and/or difficulties in the assimilation of employees and corporate cultures. any or all of these factors could adversely affect the company's ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition and could have an adverse effect on the combined company. in addition, many of these factors are outside of the company's control, and any one of these factors could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and additional diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially adversely impact its business, financial condition and results of operations.
the company may not be able to execute dispositions of assets or businesses successfully.
when the company decides to dispose of assets or a business, it may have difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay the ability of the company to achieve its strategic objectives. it may also dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable than it had anticipated. buyers of the assets or business may from time to time agree to indemnify the company for operations of such businesses after the closing. the company cannot be assured that any of these indemnification provisions will fully protect it, and as a result may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, the company may experience fewer synergies than expected, and the impact of the disposition on its financial results may be larger than projected.
after reaching an agreement for the disposition of a business, the company is subject to satisfaction of pre-closing conditions as well as necessary regulatory and governmental approvals on acceptable terms, which, if not satisfied or obtained, may prevent it from completing the transaction. such regulatory and governmental approvals may be required in jurisdictions around the world, and any delays in the timing of such approvals could materially delay or prevent the transaction.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are subject to periodic impairment evaluations, represent a significant portion of the company's total assets. an impairment charge on these assets could have a material adverse impact on its financial condition and results of operations.
the company has recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets related to acquisitions. it periodically assesses these assets to determine if they are impaired. significant negative industry or macro-economic trends, disruptions to its business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, dispositions, and market capitalization declines may impair these assets, and any of these factors may be increasingly present during the ongoing covid-19 pandemic.
the company reviews goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment either annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. the risk of impairment to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets is higher during the early years following an acquisition. this is because the fair values of these assets align very closely with what was paid to acquire the reporting units to which these assets are assigned. as a result, the difference between the carrying value of the reporting unit and its fair value (typically referred to as "headroom") is smaller at the time of acquisition. until this headroom grows over time, due to business growth or lower carrying value of the reporting unit, a relatively small decrease in reporting unit fair value can trigger impairment charges. when impairment charges are triggered, they tend to be material due to the size of the assets involved. future acquisitions could present similar risks. any charges relating to such impairments could adversely affect the company's results of operations in the periods recognized.
risks related to the company's industry conditions in the automotive industry may adversely affect the company's business.
the company's financial performance depends on conditions in the global automotive industry. automotive and truck production and sales are cyclical and sensitive to general economic conditions and other factors including interest rates, consumer credit, and consumer spending and preferences. economic declines that result in significant reduction in automotive or truck production would have an adverse effect on the company's sales to oems.
the company faces strong competition.
the company competes worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. price, quality, delivery, technological innovation, engineering development and program launch support are the primary elements of competition. the company's competitors include vertically integrated units of its major oem customers, as well as a large number of independent domestic and international suppliers. additionally, its competitors include start-ups that may be well funded, with the result that they could have more operational and financial flexibility than it has. a number of the company's competitors are larger than it is, and some competitors have greater financial and other resources than it does. although oems have indicated that they will continue to rely on outside suppliers, a number of major oem customers manufacture products for their own uses that directly compete with the company's products. these oems could elect to manufacture such products for their own uses in place of the products the company currently supplies. the company's traditional oem customers, faced with intense international competition, have continued to expand their worldwide sourcing of components. as a result, the company has experienced competition from suppliers in other parts of the world that enjoy economic advantages, such as lower labor costs, lower health care costs, lower tax rates and, in some cases, export or raw materials subsidies. increased competition could adversely affect the company's business. in addition, any of its competitors may foresee the course of market development more accurately than it does, develop products that are superior to its products, produce similar products at a cost that is lower than its cost, or adapt more quickly than it does to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. as a result, the company's products may not be able to compete successfully with its competitors' products, and it may not be able to meet the growing demands of customers. these trends may adversely affect the company's sales as well as the profit margins on its products.
if the company does not respond appropriately, the evolution of the automotive industry could adversely affect its business.
the automotive industry is increasingly focused on the development of hybrid and electric vehicles and of advanced driver assistance technologies, with the goal of developing and introducing a commercially viable, fully automated driving experience. there has also been an increase in consumer preferences for mobility on demand services, such as car and ride sharing, as opposed to automobile ownership, which may result in a long-term reduction in the number of vehicles per capita. in addition, some industry participants are exploring transportation through alternatives to automobiles. these evolving areas have also attracted increased competition from entrants outside the traditional automotive industry. if the company does not continue to innovate and develop, or acquire, new and compelling products that capitalize upon new technologies in response to oem and consumer preferences, this could have an adverse impact on its results of operations.
risks related to the company's business the company is under substantial pressure from oems to reduce the prices of its products.
there is substantial and continuing pressure on oems to reduce costs, including costs of products the company supplies. oem customers expect annual price reductions in its business. to maintain its profit margins, the company seeks price reductions from its suppliers, improved production processes to increase manufacturing efficiency, and streamlined product designs to reduce costs, and it attempts to develop new products, the benefits of which support stable or increased prices. the company's ability to pass through increased raw material costs to its oem customers is limited, with cost recovery often less than 100% and often on a delayed basis. inability to reduce costs in an amount equal to annual price reductions, increases in raw material costs, and increases in employee wages and benefits could have an adverse effect on its business.
the company continues to face volatile costs of commodities used in the production of its products.
the company uses a variety of commodities (including aluminum, copper, nickel, plastic resins, steel, other raw materials and energy) and materials purchased in various forms such as castings, powder metal, forgings, stampings and bar stock. increasing commodity costs will have an impact on its results. the company has sought to alleviate the impact of increasing costs by including a material pass-through provision in its customer contracts wherever possible and by selectively hedging certain commodity exposures. customers frequently challenge these contractual provisions and rarely pay the full cost of any increases in the cost of materials. the discontinuation or lessening of the company's ability to pass through or hedge increasing commodity costs could adversely affect its business.
from time to time, commodity prices may also fall rapidly. if this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve which may cause periodic supply interruptions. the same may be true of transportation carriers and energy providers. if these supply interruptions occur, it could adversely affect the company's business.
changes in u.s. administrative policy, including changes to existing trade agreements and any resulting changes in international trade relations, may have an adverse effect on the company.
the united states has maintained tariffs on certain imported steel, aluminum and items originating from china. these tariffs have increased the cost of raw materials and components the company purchases. the imposition of tariffs by the united states has resulted in retaliatory tariffs from a number of countries, including china, which increase the cost of products the company sells. if the u.s. or other countries impose additional tariffs, that will have a further adverse impact on its business.
the company uses important intellectual property in its business. if it is unable to protect its intellectual property or if a third party makes assertions against it or its customers relating to intellectual property rights, the company's business could be adversely affected.
the company owns important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets, and is involved in numerous licensing arrangements. its intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining its competitive position in a number of the markets that it serves. the company's competitors may develop technologies that are similar or superior to its proprietary technologies or design around the patents it owns or licenses. further, as it expands its operations in jurisdictions where the enforcement of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk of others duplicating the company's proprietary technologies increases, despite efforts it undertakes to protect them. the company's inability to protect or enforce its intellectual property rights or claims that it is infringing intellectual property rights of others could adversely affect its business and its competitive position.
the company is subject to business continuity risks associated with increasing centralization of its information technology (it) systems.
to improve efficiency and reduce costs, the company has regionally centralized the information systems that support its business processes such as invoicing, payroll, and general management operations. if the centralized systems are disrupted or disabled, key business processes could be interrupted, which could adversely affect its business.
a failure of or disruption in the company's information technology infrastructure, including a disruption related to cybersecurity, could adversely impact its business and operations.
the company relies on the capacity, reliability and security of its it systems and infrastructure. it systems are vulnerable to disruptions, including those resulting from natural disasters, cyber-attacks or failures in third-party provided services. disruptions and attacks on the company's it systems pose a risk to the security of its systems and its ability to protect its networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of information and data and that of third parties, including its employees. some cyber-attacks depend on human error or manipulation, including phishing attacks or schemes that use social engineering to gain access to systems or carry out disbursement of funds or other frauds, which raise the risks from such events and the costs associated with protecting against such attacks. although it has implemented security policies, processes, and layers of defense designed to help identify and protect against intentional and unintentional misappropriation or corruption of its systems and information, and disruptions of its operations, the company has been, and likely will continue to be, subjected to such attacks or disruptions. future attacks or disruptions could potentially lead to the inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, including the company's intellectual property, improper use of its systems and networks, access to and manipulation and destruction of company or third-party data, production downtimes, lost revenues, inappropriate disbursement of funds and both internal and external supply shortages. in addition, the company may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by such attacks or disruptions in the future. these consequences could cause significant damage to the company's reputation, affect its relationships with its customers and suppliers, lead to claims against the company and ultimately adversely affect its business.
the company's business success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel.
the company's ability to sustain and grow its business requires it to hire, retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse management team and workforce worldwide. in particular, any unplanned turnover or inability to attract and retain key employees and employees with engineering, technical and software capabilities in numbers sufficient for its needs could adversely affect its business.
the company's profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected by program launch difficulties.
the launch of new business is a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including the production readiness of the company's manufacturing facilities and manufacturing processes and those of its suppliers, as well as factors related to tooling, equipment, employees, initial product quality and other factors. the company's failure to successfully launch new business, or its inability to accurately estimate the cost to design, develop and launch new business, could have an adverse effect on its profitability and results of operations.
to the extent the company is not able to successfully launch new business, vehicle production at its customers could be significantly delayed or shut down. such situations could result in significant financial penalties to the company or a diversion of personnel and financial resources to improving launches rather than investment in continuous process improvement or other growth initiatives and could result in its customers shifting work away from it to a competitor, all of which could result in loss of revenue or loss of market share and could have an adverse effect on its profitability and cash flows.
part of the company's workforce is unionized which could subject it to work stoppages.
as of december 31, 2021, approximately 13% of the company's u.s. workforce was unionized. the company has a domestic collective bargaining agreement for one facility in new york, which expires in september 2024. the workforce at certain of its international facilities is also unionized. a prolonged dispute with its employees could have an adverse effect on the company's business.
work stoppages, production shutdowns and similar events could significantly disrupt the company's business.
because the automotive industry relies heavily on just-in-time delivery of components during the assembly and manufacture of vehicles, a work stoppage or production shutdown at one or more of the company's manufacturing and assembly facilities could have adverse effects on its business. similarly, if one or more of its customers were to experience a work stoppage or production shutdown, that customer would likely halt or limit purchases of the company's products, which could result in the shutdown of the related manufacturing facilities. a significant disruption in the supply of a key component due to supply constraints, such as the constraints experienced in 2021 related to semiconductor chips, or due to a work stoppage or production shutdown at one of the company's suppliers or any other supplier could have the same consequences and, accordingly, have an adverse effect on its financial results.
changes in interest rates and asset returns could increase the company's pension funding obligations and reduce its profitability.
the company has unfunded obligations under certain of its defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. the valuation of its future payment obligations under the plans and the related plan assets is subject to significant adverse changes if the credit and capital markets cause interest rates and projected rates of return to decline. such declines could also require the company to make significant additional contributions to its pension plans in the future. additionally, a material deterioration in the funded status of the plans could significantly increase the company's pension expenses and reduce profitability in the future.
the company also sponsors post-employment medical benefit plans in the u.s. that are unfunded. if medical costs continue to increase or actuarial assumptions are modified, this could have an adverse effect on its business.
the company is subject to extensive environmental regulations.
the company's operations are subject to laws governing, among other things, emissions to air, discharges to waters, and the generation, management, transportation and disposal of waste and other materials. the operation of automotive parts manufacturing plants entails risks in these areas, and the company cannot assure that it will not incur material costs or liabilities as a result. through various acquisitions over the years, the company has acquired a number of manufacturing facilities, and it cannot assure that it will not incur material costs and liabilities relating to activities that predate its ownership. in addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required to comply with evolving interpretations of existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or any new such laws and regulations (including concerns about global climate change and its impact) that may be adopted in the future. costs associated with failure to comply with such laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on the company's business.
the company has liabilities related to environmental, product warranties, litigation and other claims.
the company and certain of its current and former direct and indirect corporate predecessors, subsidiaries and divisions have been identified by the united states environmental protection agency and certain state environmental agencies and private parties as potentially responsible parties at various hazardous waste disposal sites under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act and equivalent state laws, and, as such, may be liable for the cost of clean-up and other remedial activities at such sites. while responsibility for clean-up and other remedial activities at such sites is typically shared among potentially responsible parties based on an allocation formula, the company could have greater liability under applicable statutes. refer to note 21, "contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for further discussion.
the company provides product warranties to its customers for some of its products. under these product warranties, the company may be required to bear costs and expenses for the repair or replacement of these products. as suppliers become more integrally involved in the vehicle design process and assume more of the vehicle assembly functions, auto manufacturers are increasingly looking to their suppliers for contribution when faced with recalls and product warranty claims. a recall claim brought against the company, or a product warranty claim brought against it, could adversely impact its results of operations. in addition, a recall claim could require it to review its entire product portfolio to assess whether similar issues are present in other product lines, which could result in significant disruption to its business and could have an adverse impact on its results of operations. the company cannot assure that costs and expenses associated with these product warranties will not be material or that those costs will not exceed any amounts accrued for such product warranties in its financial statements.
the company is currently, and may in the future become, subject to legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes. these claims typically arise in the normal course of business and may include, but not be limited to, commercial or contractual disputes with the company's customers and suppliers, intellectual property matters, personal injury, product liability, environmental and employment claims. there is a possibility that such claims may have an adverse impact on the company's business that is greater than it anticipates. while the company maintains insurance for certain risks, the amount of insurance may not be adequate to cover all insured claims and liabilities. the incurring of significant liabilities for which there is no, or insufficient, insurance coverage could adversely affect the company's business.
compliance with and changes in laws could be costly and could affect operating results.
the company has operations in multiple countries that can be impacted by expected and unexpected changes in the legal and business environments in which it operates. compliance-related issues in certain countries associated with laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption laws could adversely affect its business. the company has internal policies and procedures relating to compliance with such laws; however, there is a risk that such policies and procedures will not always protect it from the improper acts of employees, agents, business partners, joint venture partners, or representatives, particularly in the case of recently acquired operations that may not have significant training in applicable compliance policies and procedures. violations of these laws, which are complex, may result in criminal penalties, sanctions and/or fines that could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, and results of operations and reputation.
changes that could impact the legal environment include new legislation, new regulations, new policies, investigations and legal proceedings, and new interpretations of existing legal rules and regulations, in particular, changes in import and export control laws or exchange control laws, additional restrictions on doing business in countries subject to sanctions, and changes in laws in countries where the company operates or intends to operate.
changes in tax laws or tax rates taken by taxing authorities and tax audits could adversely affect the company's business.
changes in tax laws or tax rates, the resolution of tax assessments or audits by various tax authorities, and the inability to fully utilize its tax loss carryforwards and tax credits could adversely affect the company's operating results. in addition, the company may periodically restructure its legal entity organization.
if taxing authorities were to disagree with the company's tax positions in connection with any such restructurings, its effective tax rate could be materially affected. the company's tax filings for various periods are subject to audit by the tax authorities in most jurisdictions where it conducts business. the company has received tax assessments from various taxing authorities and is currently at varying stages of appeals and/or litigation regarding these matters. these audits may result in assessment of additional taxes that are resolved with the authorities or through the courts. the company believes these assessments may occasionally be based on erroneous and even arbitrary interpretations of local tax law. resolution of any tax matters involves uncertainties, and there are no assurances that the outcomes will be favorable.
there could be significant liability if the previous delphi technologies separation from its former parent fails to qualify as a tax-free transaction for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
on december 4, 2017, delphi technologies became an independent publicly traded company, following its separation from aptiv plc, formerly known as delphi automotive plc. the separation was completed in the form of a pro-rata distribution of 100% of delphi technologies ordinary shares to aptiv's shareholders. aptiv received an opinion from its tax counsel substantially to the effect that, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, the distribution qualified as a distribution under section 355(a) of the internal revenue code, subject to certain qualifications and limitations. based on this tax treatment, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, except with respect to cash received in lieu of a fractional delphi technologies ordinary share, aptiv shareholders did not recognize a gain or loss or include any amount in their income upon the receipt of delphi technologies ordinary shares in the distribution. the opinion was based on and relied on, among other things, certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from aptiv and delphi technologies, including those regarding the past and future conduct of the companies' respective businesses and other matters. if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, aptiv may not be able to rely on the opinion, and aptiv's shareholders could be subject to significant u.s. federal income tax liabilities. notwithstanding the opinion of tax counsel, the internal revenue service could determine on audit that the distribution is taxable to aptiv's shareholders if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion.
in addition, aptiv expects that restructuring transactions that it undertook in connection with the distribution will be taxed in a certain manner. if, contrary to aptiv's expectations, such transactions are taxed in a different manner, aptiv and/or delphi technologies may incur additional tax liabilities that may be substantial. if the company is required to pay any such liabilities, the payments could materially adversely affect the company's financial position.
as a result of the acquisition of delphi technologies, the company is required to indemnify aptiv against taxes that aptiv incurs that arise as a result of the company taking or failing to take, as the case may be, certain actions that result in the distribution failing to meet the requirements of a distribution under section 355(a) of the code or that result in certain restructuring transactions in connection with the distribution failing to meet the requirements for tax-free treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
the company is subject to risks related to its international operations.
the company has manufacturing and technical facilities in many regions including europe, asia, and the americas. for 2021, approximately 83% of its consolidated net sales were outside the u.s. consequently, the company's results could be affected by changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies, trade restrictions or prohibitions, import or other charges or taxes, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, limitations on the repatriation of funds, changing economic conditions, unreliable intellectual property protection and legal systems, insufficient infrastructures, social unrest, political instability and disputes, international terrorism and other factors that may be discrete to a particular country or geography. compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting laws and regulations of various countries is challenging, burdensome and expensive.
the financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are translated to u.s. dollars using the period-end exchange rate for assets and liabilities and an average exchange rate for each period for revenues, expenses and capital expenditures. the local currency is typically the functional currency for the company's foreign subsidiaries. significant foreign currency fluctuations and the associated translation of those foreign currencies could adversely affect the company's business. additionally, significant changes in currency exchange rates, particularly the euro, korean won and chinese renminbi, could cause fluctuations in the reported results of the company's businesses' operations that could negatively affect its results of operations.
because the company is a u.s. holding company, one significant source of its funds is distributions from its non-u.s. subsidiaries. certain countries in which the company operates have adopted or could institute currency exchange controls that limit or prohibit the company's local subsidiaries' ability to convert local currency into u.s. dollars or to make payments outside the country. this could subject the company to the risks of local currency devaluation and business disruption.
the company's business in china is subject to aggressive competition and is sensitive to economic, political, and market conditions.
maintaining a strong position in the chinese market is a key component of the company's global growth strategy. the automotive supply market in china is highly competitive, with competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous smaller domestic manufacturers. as the chinese market evolves, the company anticipates that market participants will act aggressively to increase or maintain their market share. increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced margins and its inability to gain or hold market share. in addition, the company's business in china is sensitive to economic, political, social and market conditions that drive sales volumes in china. economic growth has slowed in china. if it is unable to maintain its position in the chinese market or if vehicle sales in china decrease, the company's business and financial results could be adversely affected.
a downgrade in the ratings of the company's debt could restrict its ability to access the debt capital markets.
changes in the ratings that rating agencies assign to the company's debt may ultimately impact its access to the debt capital markets and the costs it incurs to borrow funds. if ratings for its debt fall below investment grade, the company's access to the debt capital markets could become restricted and its cost of borrowing or the interest rate for any subsequently issued debt would likely increase.
the company's revolving credit agreement includes an increase in interest rates if the ratings for its debt are downgraded. the interest costs on its revolving credit agreement are based on a rating grid agreed to in its credit agreement. further, an increase in the level of its indebtedness and related interest costs may increase the company's vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions and may affect its ability to obtain additional financing.
the company could incur additional restructuring charges as it continues to execute actions in an effort to improve future profitability and competitiveness and to optimize its product portfolio and may not achieve the anticipated savings and benefits from these actions.
the company has initiated and may continue to initiate restructuring actions designed to improve the competitiveness of its business and sustain its margin profile, optimize its product portfolio or create an optimal legal entity structure. the company may not realize anticipated savings or benefits from past or future actions in full or in part or within the time periods it expects. it is also subject to the risks of labor unrest, negative publicity and business disruption in connection with its actions. failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits from its actions could have an adverse effect on the company's business.
risks related to the company's customers the company relies on sales to major customers.
the company relies on sales to oems around the world of varying credit quality and manufacturing demands. supply to several of these customers requires significant investment by the company. the company bases its growth projections, in part, on commitments made by its customers. these commitments generally renew yearly during a program life cycle. among other things, the level of production orders the company receives is dependent on the ability of its oem customers to design and sell products that consumers desire to purchase. if actual production orders from its customers do not approximate such commitments due to a variety of factors including non-renewal of purchase orders, a customer's financial hardship or other unforeseen reasons, it could adversely affect the company's business.
some of the company's sales are concentrated. the company's worldwide sales in 2021 to ford and volkswagen constituted approximately 10% and 9% of its 2021 consolidated net sales, respectively.
the company is sensitive to the effects of its major customers' labor relations.
all three of the company's primary north american customers, ford, stellantis, and general motors, have major union contracts with the united automobile, aerospace and agricultural implement workers of america. because of domestic oems' dependence on a single union, the company is affected by labor difficulties and work stoppages at oems' facilities. similarly, a majority of the company's global customers' operations outside of north america are also represented by various unions. any extended work stoppage at one or more of its customers could have an adverse effect on the company's business.
risks related to the company's suppliers the company could be adversely affected by supply shortages of components from its suppliers.
in an effort to manage and reduce the cost of purchased goods and services, the company has been rationalizing its supply base. as a result, it remains dependent on fewer sources of supply for certain components used in the manufacture of its products. the company selects suppliers based on total value (including total landed price, quality, delivery, and technology), taking into consideration their production capacities and financial condition. the company expects that they will deliver to the company's stated written expectations.
however, there can be no assurance that capacity limitations, industry shortages, labor or social unrest, weather emergencies, commercial disputes, government actions, riots, wars, sabotage, cyber-attacks, non-conforming parts, acts of terrorism, "acts of god," or other problems that the company's suppliers experience will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of components to it. during 2021, trailing impacts of the shutdowns and production declines related, in part, to covid-19, created supply constraints of certain components, particularly semiconductor chips. these supply constraints have had, and are expected to continue to have, significant impacts on global industry production levels. if the company is to experience a prolonged shortage of critical components from any of its suppliers and cannot procure the components from other sources, it may be unable to meet the production schedules for some of its key products and could miss customer delivery expectations. in addition, with fewer sources of supply for certain components, each supplier may perceive that it has greater leverage and, therefore, some ability to seek higher prices from the company at a time that it faces substantial pressure from oems to reduce the prices of its products. this could adversely affect the company's customer relations and business.
suppliers' economic distress could result in the disruption of the company's operations and could adversely affect its business.
rapidly changing industry conditions such as volatile production volumes; the company's need to seek price reductions from its suppliers as a result of the substantial pressure it faces from oems to reduce the prices of its products; credit tightness; changes in foreign currencies; raw material, commodity, tariffs, transportation, and energy price escalation; drastic changes in consumer preferences; and other factors could adversely affect the company's supply chain, and sometimes with little advance notice. these conditions could also result in increased commercial disputes and supply interruption risks. in certain instances, it would be difficult and expensive for the company to change suppliers that are critical to its business. on occasion, the company must provide financial support to distressed suppliers or take other measures to protect its supply lines. the company cannot predict with certainty the potential adverse effects these costs might have on its business.
the company is subject to possible insolvency of financial counterparties.
the company engages in numerous financial transactions and contracts including insurance policies, letters of credit, credit line agreements, financial derivatives, and investment management agreements involving various counterparties. the company is subject to the risk that one or more of these counterparties may become insolvent and, therefore, be unable to meet its obligations under such contracts.
other risks a variety of other factors could adversely affect the company's business.
any of the following could materially and adversely affect the company's business: the loss of or changes in supply contracts or sourcing strategies of the company's major customers or suppliers; start-up expenses associated with new vehicle programs or delays or cancellation of such programs; low levels of utilization of the company's manufacturing facilities, which can be dependent on a single product line or customer; inability to recover engineering and tooling costs; market and financial consequences of recalls that may be required on products the company supplied; delays or difficulties in new product development; the possible introduction of similar or superior technologies by others; global excess capacity and vehicle platform proliferation; and the impact of fire, flood, or other natural disasters including pandemics and quarantines.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction borgwarner inc. and consolidated subsidiaries (the "company" or "borgwarner") is a global product leader in clean and efficient technology solutions for combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles. borgwarner's products help improve vehicle performance, propulsion efficiency, stability and air quality. these products are manufactured and sold worldwide, primarily to original equipment manufacturers ("oems") of light vehicles (passenger cars, sport-utility vehicles ("suvs"), vans and light trucks). the company's products are also sold to other oems of commercial vehicles (medium-duty trucks, heavy-duty trucks and buses) and off-highway vehicles (agricultural and construction machinery and marine applications). the company also manufactures and sells its products to certain tier one vehicle systems suppliers and into the aftermarket for light, commercial and off-highway vehicles. the company operates manufacturing facilities serving customers in europe, the americas and asia and is an original equipment supplier to nearly every major automotive oem in the world.
charging forward - electrification portfolio strategy in 2021, the company announced its strategy to aggressively grow its electrification portfolio over time through organic investments and technology-focused acquisitions, most recently through the 2021 acquisition of akasol ag ("akasol") as well as the 2020 purchase of delphi technologies plc ("delphi technologies"). the company believes it is well positioned for the industry's anticipated migration to electric vehicles. additionally, the company announced a plan to dispose of certain internal combustion assets, targeting dispositions of assets generating approximately $1 billion in annual revenue in the succeeding 12 to 18 months and approximately $3 to $4 billion in annual revenue by 2025. the company is targeting its revenue from products for pure electric vehicles to be over 25% of its total revenue by 2025 and approximately 45% of its total revenue by 2030.
acquisition of akasol ag on june 4, 2021, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, abba bidco ag ("abba bidco"), completed its voluntary public takeover offer for shares of akasol, resulting in ownership of 89% of akasol's outstanding shares. the company paid approximately 648 million ($788 million) to settle the offer from current cash balances, which included proceeds received from its public offering of 1.00% senior notes due 2031 completed on may 19, 2021. following the settlement of the offer, akasol became a consolidated majority-owned subsidiary of the company. the company also consolidated approximately 64 million ($77 million) of gross debt of akasol. subsequent to the completion of the voluntary public takeover offer, the company purchased additional shares of akasol for 28 million ($33 million) increasing its ownership to 93% as of december 31, 2021. the acquisition further strengthens borgwarner's commercial vehicle and industrial electrification capabilities, which positions the company to capitalize on what it believes to be a fast-growing battery module and pack market.
on august 2, 2021, the company initiated a merger squeeze out process under german law for the purpose of acquiring 100% of akasol. on december 17, 2021, the shareholders of akasol voted to mandatorily transfer to abba bidco. ag, a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of the company, each issued and outstanding share of akasol held by shareholders that did not tender their shares in the company's previously completed exchange offer for akasol shares (the "squeeze out"). in exchange for the akasol shares transferred in the squeeze out, the company will pay appropriate cash compensation, in the amount of 119.16 per share. on february 10, 2022, the company completed the registration of the squeeze out resulting in 100% ownership. the company expects to settle the squeeze out with akasol minority shareholders in the first quarter of 2022. refer to note 2, "acquisitions and dispositions," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for more information.
acquisition of delphi technologies plc on october 1, 2020, the company completed its acquisition of 100% of the outstanding ordinary shares of delphi technologies from its shareholders pursuant to the terms of the transaction agreement, dated january 28, 2020, as amended on may 6, 2020, by and between the company and delphi technologies. the acquisition has strengthened the company's electronics and power electronics products, strengthened its capabilities and scale, enhanced key combustion, commercial vehicle and aftermarket product offerings, and positioned the company for greater growth as electrified propulsion systems gain momentum.
refer to note 2, "acquisitions and dispositions," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for more information. results of operations for akasol and delphi technologies are included in the company's financial information following their respective dates of acquisition.
covid-19 pandemic and other supply disruptions throughout 2020, covid-19 materially impacted the company's business and results of operations. following the declaration of covid-19 as a global pandemic on march 11, 2020, government authorities around the world began to impose shelter-in-place orders and other restrictions. as a result, many oems began suspending manufacturing operations, particularly in north america and europe. this led to various temporary closures of, or reduced operations at, the company's manufacturing facilities, late in the first quarter of 2020 and throughout the second quarter of 2020. during the second half of 2020, as global management of covid-19 evolved and government restrictions were removed or lessened, production levels improved, and substantially all of the company's production facilities resumed closer to normal operations by the end of the third quarter of 2020.
during 2021, trailing impacts of the shutdowns and production declines related, in part, to covid-19 created supply constraints of certain components, particularly semiconductor chips. these supply constraints have had, and are expected to continue to have, significant impacts on global industry production levels. in addition, it is possible a resurgence of covid-19 could result in adverse impacts in the future. management cannot reasonably estimate the full impact the ongoing supply constraints or the covid-19 pandemic could have on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future.
bond offering on may 19, 2021, in anticipation of the acquisition of akasol and to refinance the company's 500 million 1.8% senior notes due in november 2022, the company issued 1.0 billion in 1.0% senior notes due may 2031. interest is payable annually in arrears on may 19 of each year. these senior notes are not guaranteed by any of the company's subsidiaries. on june 18, 2021, the company repaid its 500 million 1.8% senior notes due november 2022 and incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of $20 million, which is reflected in interest expense, net in the consolidated statement of operations.
results of operations a detailed comparison of the company's 2019 operating results to its 2020 operating results can be found in the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section in the company's 2020 annual report on form 10-k filed february 22, 2021.
the following table presents a summary of the company's operating results:
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except per share data)                                                                                 2021                                                         2020
net sales                                                                                                  % of net sales                                               % of net sales air management                                                                $7,298                          49.2      %                  $5,678                          55.9      %
e-propulsion &amp; drivetrain                                                  5,378                          36.2                          3,989                          39.2
fuel injection                                                                 1,826                          12.3                            479                           4.7
aftermarket                                                                      853                           5.8                            194                           1.9
inter-segment eliminations                                                     (517)                         (3.5)                          (175)                         (1.7)
total net sales                                                               14,838                         100.0                         10,165                         100.0
cost of sales                                                                 11,983                          80.8                          8,255                          81.2
gross profit                                                                   2,855                          19.2                          1,910                          18.8
selling, general and administrative expenses - r&amp;d, net                      707                           4.8                            476                           4.7
selling, general and administrative expenses - other                             753                           5.1                            475                           4.7
restructuring expense                                                            163                           1.1                            203                           2.0
other operating expense, net                                                      81                           0.5                            138                           1.4
operating income                                                               1,151                           7.8                            618                           6.1
equity in affiliates' earnings, net of tax                                      (48)                         (0.3)                           (18)                         (0.2)
unrealized loss (gain) on equity securities                                      362                           2.4                          (382)                         (3.8)
interest expense, net                                                             93                           0.6                             61                           0.6
other postretirement income                                                     (45)                         (0.3)                            (7)                         (0.1)
earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interest                         789                           5.3                            964                           9.5
provision for income taxes                                                       150                           1.0                            397                           3.9
net earnings                                                                     639                           4.3                            567                           5.6
net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest, net of tax             102                           0.7                             67                           0.7
net earnings attributable to borgwarner inc.                                    $537                           3.6      %                    $500                           4.9      %
earnings per share - diluted                                                   $2.24                                                        $2.34
