item 1a.    risk factors.
the risks and uncertainties described below are those that we believe are material at this time relating to our business. these risks and uncertainties, however, are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also significantly impact us. any of these risks and uncertainties may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.
summary of risk factors the following is a summary of the key risks and uncertainties described below that we believe are material to us at this time:
●   the loss of our right to exclusively list and trade certain index options and futures products;

●   economic, political and market conditions; compliance with legal and regulatory obligations;

●   price competition and consolidation in our industry;

●   decreases in trading or clearing volumes, market data fees or a shift in the mix of products traded on our exchanges;

●   legislative or regulatory changes or changes in tax regimes;

●   our ability to protect our systems and communication networks from security risks, cybersecurity risks, insider threats and unauthorized disclosure of confidential information;

●   our ability to attract and retain skilled management and other personnel;

●   increasing competition by foreign and domestic entities;

●   our dependence on and exposure to risk from third parties;

●   fluctuations to currency exchange rates;

●   factors that impact the quality and integrity of our indices;

●   the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, including changes to trading behavior broadly in the market;

●   our ability to operate our business without violating the intellectual property rights of others and the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights;

●   our ability to minimize the risks, including our credit and default risks, associated with operating a european clearinghouse;

●   our ability to accommodate trading and clearing volume and transaction traffic, including significant increases, without failure or degradation of performance of our systems;

●   misconduct by those who use our markets or our products or for whom we clear transactions;

●   challenges to our use of open source software code;

●   our ability to meet our compliance obligations, including managing potential conflicts between our regulatory responsibilities and our for-profit status;

●   our ability to maintain bids trading as an independently managed and operated trading venue, separate from and not integrated with our registered national securities exchanges;

●   damage to our reputation;

●   the ability of our compliance and risk management methods to effectively monitor and manage our risks;

●   our ability to manage our growth and strategic acquisitions or alliances effectively;

●   restrictions imposed by our debt obligations and our ability to make payments on or refinance our debt obligations;

●   our ability to maintain an investment grade credit rating;

●   impairment of our goodwill, long-lived assets, investments or intangible assets;

●   litigation risks and other liabilities; and

●   if the acquisition of erisx is consummated, operating a digital asset business.

risks relating to our business loss of our right to exclusively list and trade certain index options and futures could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance.
we hold exclusive licenses to list securities index options on the s&p 500 index, the russell 2000 index, as well as others, granted to us by the owners of such indices, and additionally hold exclusive rights to our proprietary vix methodology that provides the basis for vix options and futures. in 2021, approximately 53.2% of our net transaction and clearing fees (defined below) were generated by futures and index options, the overwhelming majority of which were
30
generated by our exclusively-licensed products (e.g., spx options) and products based on our proprietary vix methodology (e.g., vix options and futures). the bulk of this revenue is attributable to our spx options and vix options and futures. as a result, our revenues less cost of revenues are dependent in large part on the exclusive licenses we hold for these products and our ability to maintain our exclusive proprietary rights in the vix methodology and related products and indices.
there is a risk, with respect to each of our current exclusive licenses, that the owner of the index may not renew the license with us on an exclusive basis or at all. in the first event, we would be subject to multiple listing in the trading of what is now an index product traded by us on an exclusive basis, which could result in a loss of market share and negatively impact our profitability. in the second event, we could lose the right to list the index product entirely. the loss or limited use of any of our exclusive index licenses, especially for the s&p 500 index, for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability.
in addition to the risks related to our exclusive licenses, if we are unable to retain exclusive proprietary rights in the vix methodology and related products and indices, our volatility products could be subject to multiple listing which could have a material adverse effect on us.
the eu has adopted legislation affecting providers and users of benchmark indices in the eu. mifir requires benchmarks used to value a financial instrument in the eu to be made available on a non-discriminatory basis to all eu trading venues and central counterparty clearinghouses for the purposes of trading and clearing. as a result, owners of such benchmarks must provide licenses on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms. while similar legislation to mifir has not been proposed in the u.s., if it were passed, it could cause us to lose our exclusive rights to list and trade proprietary and licensed index products. further, in 2018, the eu implemented the eu benchmark regulation, which regulates users, data providers and calculators of benchmarks ("administrators") in the eu, and among other things, prohibits use of benchmarks provided by administrators outside the eu in connection with eu financial instrument unless the administrator is deemed to be subject to an eu equivalent regulatory regime and the benchmark is registered in an eu member state. these regulations and other emerging regulatory regimes around the world may impact international customers' interest in or ability to trade index-based products listed on our u.s. exchanges, as well as impact our expansion into foreign trading of our index-based products and our ability to license proprietary indices for use outside of the u.s.
furthermore, our competitors may succeed in developing, offering and providing a market for the trading of index-based or volatility products that are economically similar to those that we offer and they may become successful and take away volume from our products. it is also possible that a third party may offer trading in index-based products that are the same as those that are the subject of one of our exclusive licenses, but in a jurisdiction in which the index owner cannot require a license or in a manner otherwise not limited by our exclusive license.
the value of our licenses to exclusively list securities index options and futures also depends on the continued ability of index owners to require licenses for the trading of options and futures based on their indices. although we and other index owners have prevailed in legal actions seeking to challenge our rights to exclusively license indices, we may be subject to changes in the law or other actions taken in the future that might impede our ability to exclusively offer trading in certain index options and futures.
general economic conditions and other factors beyond our control could significantly reduce demand for our products and services and harm our business.
the volume of trading and clearing transactions and the demand for our products and services are directly affected by economic, political and market conditions in the u.s., europe and elsewhere in the world that are beyond our control, including:
●   economic, political and geopolitical market conditions;

●   broad trends in business and finance;

●   concerns over inflation and wavering institutional or retail confidence levels;

●   government or central bank actions, such as changes in government fiscal and monetary policy and foreign currency exchange rates;

●   other legislative and regulatory changes;

●   the availability of short-term and long-term funding and capital;

●   the perceived attractiveness of the u.s., european, canadian, australian or japanese capital markets;

●   the availability of alternative investment opportunities;

31
●   changes in the level of trading activity in underlying instruments;

●   changes and volatility in the prices of securities;

●   changes in the volume of foreign currency transactions;

●   changes in supply and demand for currencies;

●   movements in currency exchange rates;

●   the level and volatility of interest rates;

●   changes in the financial strength of market participants;

●   consolidation among market participants and market data subscribers;

●   unforeseen market closures, suspensions of open outcry trading or other disruptions in trading and clearing; and

●   disruptions due to terrorism, war, extreme weather events, pandemics or other catastrophes.

any of these factors, individually or collectively, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results by causing a substantial decline in the financial services markets and reducing trading and clearing volumes and demand for market data.
our business may be adversely affected by price competition.
the securities industry is characterized by intense price competition, especially with respect to transaction fees. we may be required to adjust pricing to respond to actions by new or existing competitors, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. we also compete with respect to the pricing of market data and value-added market data, such as historical market data.
in our options segment, the pricing model for trade execution has changed in response to competitive market conditions, and our competitors have adjusted transaction fees and fee structures accordingly, including by opening new exchanges, which allow them to offer multiple pricing models that can appeal to different segments of market participants. these changes have resulted in significant pricing pressures on us, especially on transaction fees and incentives for multi-listed products. as a result of these pricing pressures, our average rate per multi-listed options contract may decrease. it is likely that this pressure will continue and even intensify as our competitors continue to seek to increase their share of trading by further reducing their transaction fees or by offering other financial incentives to order providers and liquidity providers to induce them to direct orders to their markets.
in addition, one or more competitors may engage in aggressive pricing strategies and significantly decrease or completely eliminate their profit margin for a period of time in order to capture a greater share of trading volume. some order-providing firms on our exchanges have taken ownership positions in options exchanges that compete with us and such exchanges have given those firms added economic incentives to direct orders to them.
with respect to our proprietary products, we compete with futures exchanges and swap execution facilities that offer similar products and other financial market participants that offer over-the-counter derivatives. we also compete against certain multi-listed options products, such as spy, which offer some of the features of our proprietary products, such as spx.
to attract market share, we may offer "inverted" pricing specials or no-transaction fee trading from time to time, per various fee schedules across our equities exchanges. these forms of promotions, along with other supplemental liquidity programs, may adversely affect our profitability.
further, regulatory and legal developments could also impact our ability to adjust pricing to respond to actions by new or existing competitors. in the u.s., we are generally required to file with the sec any changes to the fees that we charge and in recent years the sec has more heavily scrutinized pricing changes.
if we are unable to compete successfully with respect to the pricing of our services and products, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially and adversely affected. we could lose a substantial percentage of our share of trading if we are unable to price transactions in a competitive manner. also, our profits could decline if competitive pressures or regulatory changes force us to reduce fees.
32
a significant portion of our operating revenues is generated by our transaction and clearing-based business. if the amount of trading volume on our markets or clearing volume decreases, or the product mix shifts to lower revenue products, our revenues from transaction and clearing fees will most likely decrease.
in 2021, approximately 64.7% of our revenues less cost of revenues were generated by our transaction and clearing-based business. this business is dependent on our ability to attract and maintain order flow, both in absolute terms and relative to other market centers. if the amount of trading volume on our exchanges, cfe, bids trading, and matchnow, notional value traded on cboe fx, cboe sef, cboe europe equities and derivatives, cboe australia, and cboe japan or clearing volumes at euroccp decreases, we are likely to see a decrease in fees.
our total trading or clearing volumes could decline if our market participants reduce their trading or clearing activity for any reason, such as:
●   heightened capital requirements;

●   transaction tax;

●   regulatory or legislative actions;

●   reduced need to trade due to changes in volatility and/or passive investment trends;

●   reduced access to capital required to fund trading activities;

●   consolidation among market participants;

●   suspensions of open outcry trading; or

●   significant market disruptions.

over the past few years, a number of legislative actions have been taken, both domestically and internationally, that may cause market participants to be subject to increased capital requirements and additional compliance burdens. these actions, including the collins amendment to dodd-frank, mifid ii and mifir, may cause market participants to reduce trading activity on our markets.
in addition, the transaction fees generated are different based on type of product and other factors, including the type of customer and certain volume discounts. if the amount of our trading volume decreases, the mix traded shifts to our lower revenue per contract products, our revenues from transaction fees will most likely decrease. we can offer no assurance that we would be able to reduce our costs to match the amount of any such decrease.
revenues from our market data fees and access and capacity fees may be reduced due to declines in our market share, trading volumes or regulatory changes.
the occurrence of any event that reduces the amount of market data fees that we receive, whether as a result of fee reductions, fewer members subscribing to the u.s. tape plans or other market data offerings, declines in market share, trading volumes, or notional volumes, or regulatory changes may have a direct negative impact on our business, financial condition, and operating results. for example, if our market share of u.s. listed equities and options or cboe's european equities trading volume were to decline, our share of market data fees could also decline. moreover, market data fees could decline as a result of a reduction in the number of market data users, for example because of consolidation among market data subscribers or due to a decline in professional subscriptions as a result of staff reductions in the financial services industry or otherwise.
regulatory and legal developments could also impact the fees we receive from market data and access and capacity, or our cost in providing such services. in the u.s., we are generally required to file with the sec any changes to the fees that we charge for our securities market data products and access and capacity fees. in recent years, certain industry groups have objected to the ability of exchanges to charge for certain market data products. in addition, the sec and some media have scrutinized market data and market access. as discussed above, the implementation of the new market data infrastructure rules could cause cboe's equities exchanges, bzx, byx, edgx, and edga, to require additional resources to comply with or to challenge the new rules, which may have a material impact on our business, financial condition, and operating results, including if, for example, there are lower sip plan revenues or we must reduce the fees we charge for market data. see "legal proceedings" for more information.
in addition, as discussed above, the sec approved a consolidated data plan to replace the three equity data plans that govern the dissemination of real-time, consolidated market data for nms stocks. such plan is being challenged, but if such consolidated data plan were to be implemented, it may have a negative impact on the applicable market data revenues that we receive that are generated from such new plan. see "legal proceedings" for more information.
33
we believe cboe europe equities and derivatives currently offers market data to customers on a non-discriminatory basis at a reasonable cost. as european regulators determine how market data should be disaggregated and what is a reasonable commercial basis for providing market data, it could affect our ability to offer market data products in the same manner that we do today thereby causing an adverse effect on our european market data revenues. while mifid ii and mifir aim to encourage a commercial solution to a consolidated tape in europe, should this fail to materialize, policy makers might be encouraged to implement a mandatory solution that could impact our ability to develop our own commercial offering. as discussed above, the e.c. published provisions for a consolidated tape for the eu, which is expected to be implemented in late 2023 or early 2024. as proposed, these provisions may have a material impact on our business, financial condition and operating results if, for example, we must reduce the fees we charge for market data.
the technology upon which we rely, including those of our service providers, may be vulnerable to security risks, cybersecurity risks, insider threats, unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, operational disruptions, and other risks and events that could harm our business.
the secure and reliable operation of our technology, including our computer systems and communications networks, and those of our service providers, market participants and other third-parties, is a critical element of our operations. these systems and networks may be subject to various cybersecurity incidents, improper or inadvertent access to or disclosure of confidential, commercially sensitive, or personally identifiable information, data theft, corruption or destruction, cyber-attack, ransomware, supply chain attack, denial of service attack, malware and other security problems, as well as acts of terrorism, attacks by threat actors including criminal groups, political activist groups and nation-state actors, attacks in connection with geopolitical activity such as the recent escalating tensions along the russia-ukraine border, natural disasters, human error, criminal insider activity, employee error, power loss, service provider, market participant or third-party disruptions or security breaches and other events that are beyond our control. our increased adoption of remote working, initially driven by the covid-19 pandemic, usage of mobile and cloud-based technologies and amount of newly acquired companies and related integrations may increase our risk for a cybersecurity incident. moreover, given our position in the global financial services industry and as critical infrastructure, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of such events. while we have experienced in the past, and we expect to continue to experience, cybersecurity threats and events of varying degrees, we are not aware of any of these threats or events having a material impact on our business, financial condition or operating results to date, however we cannot assure you that we will not experience future threats or events that may be material.
we currently maintain policies, procedures and controls designed to reasonably protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability and reliability of our systems, networks and information more broadly, and to guard against cybersecurity incidents and unauthorized access. these policies, procedures and controls are subject to periodic monitoring, auditing, and evaluation practices, pursuant to our enterprise risk management program, which is supported by a three lines of defense approach, and our other governance practices. further, we developed and maintain cybersecurity and data privacy training programs for our employees and our third-party consultants who have access to our systems, which includes simulations, tabletop exercises, and response readiness tests. independent third-party cybersecurity penetration assessments are also routinely performed. collectively, these safeguards and measures or those of our third-party providers, including any cloud technologies, may prove inadequate to prevent the attendant risk posed by cybersecurity incidents, subjecting us to contractual restrictions, liability and damages, loss of business, penalties, unfavorable publicity, and increased scrutiny by our regulators, and materially impacting our business, financial condition and operating results. we may be required to expend significant resources in the event of any real or threatened breaches in security or system failures, including to protect against threatened breaches, to alleviate harm caused by an actual breach, and to address any reputational harm or litigation or regulatory liability. despite our cybersecurity measures, it is possible for security vulnerabilities or breaches to remain undetected for an extended period of time. such harms also could cause us to lose market participants, experience lower trading volume, and negatively impact our competitive advantage and business, financial condition and operating results.
additionally, as threats continue to evolve and increase, and as the domestic and international regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, we may be required to devote significant additional resources to modify and enhance our security controls and to identify and remediate any security vulnerabilities, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
if we fail to attract or retain highly skilled management and other employees our business may be harmed.
our success largely depends on the skills, experience and continued efforts of management and other key personnel. as a result, to be successful, we must retain and motivate executives and other key employees. however, we have no assurances that these employees will remain with us. the roles and responsibilities of departing executive
34
officers and employees will need to be filled either by existing or new officers and employees, which may require us to devote time and resources to identifying, hiring and integrating replacements for the departed executives and employees that could otherwise be used to pursue business opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition and operating results.
there is substantial competition for qualified and capable personnel in the technology space, which may make it difficult for us to retain and recruit qualified employees in sufficient numbers. this competition has become exacerbated by the increase in employee resignations currently taking place throughout the united states as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, which is commonly referred to as the "great resignation," as well as the growth of new asset classes such as the digital asset space. during this great resignation, we have faced increased challenges in retaining and attracting qualified employees. if we fail to retain our current employees, it would be difficult and costly to identify, recruit and train replacements needed to continue to conduct and expand our business. in particular, failure to retain and attract qualified technology personnel could result in systems failures. consequently, our reputation may be harmed, we may incur additional costs and our profitability could decline. there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain and motivate our employees in the same manner as we have historically done.
additionally, effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving our management team and key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution.
intense competition could materially adversely affect our market share and financial performance.
the market for trade execution services, clearing and products is intensely competitive in the asset classes and geographies in which we operate. increased competition may result in a decline in our share of trading activity and a decline in our revenues from transaction and clearing fees and market data fees, thereby materially adversely affecting our operating results. we compete with a number of entities on several different fronts, including the cost, quality and speed of our trade execution, functionality and ease of use of our trading and clearing platforms, range of our products and services, our technological innovation and adaptation and our reputation. in particular, we have seen increased competition from off-exchange venues, which have increased their share of trading activity. see "business - competition" for more information.
some of our competitors and potential competitors have greater financial, marketing, technological, personnel and other resources than we do. these factors may enable them to develop similar or more innovative products, to offer lower transaction and clearing fees or better execution to their customers or to execute their business strategies more quickly or efficiently than we can. in addition, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected if we cannot successfully develop, introduce and/or market new services and products or if we need to adopt costly and customized technology for our services and products.
furthermore, new or existing competitors may:
●   respond more quickly to competitive pressures;

●   develop products that compete with our products or are preferred by our customers;

●   offer products and services at prices below ours to gain market share and to promote other businesses;

●   develop and expand their technology and service offerings more efficiently;

●   provide better, more user-friendly and more reliable technology;

●   take greater advantage of acquisitions, alliances and other opportunities;

●   market, promote, bundle and sell their products and services more effectively;

●   leverage existing relationships with customers and alliance partners more effectively or exploit brand names to market and sell their services; and

●   exploit regulatory disparities between traditional, regulated exchanges and alternative markets, including over-the-counter markets, that benefit from a reduced regulatory burden and lower-cost business model.

if our products, markets, services and technology are not competitive or we fail to anticipate or respond adequately to changes in technology, customer preferences and regulatory requirements or any significant delays in product development efforts our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially harmed.
35
we depend on third-party service providers for certain services that are important to our business. an interruption, significant increase in fees or cessation or impairment of such service by any third party could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we depend on a number of service providers, including clearing organizations such as occ, nscc, dtc, cds, lch, euroccp, our wholly-owned subsidiary, jscc, asx clear pty ltd, and six x-clear; securities information processors such as the cta, utp securities information processor and opra; regulatory and other service providers such as finra and occ; the hosts of our data and disaster recovery centers; and various vendors of communications and networking products and services. in addition, we also depend on third party routing and clearing firms that are involved in processing transactions on our behalf. more specifically:
●   if occ, nscc, dtc, cds, lch, euroccp, jscc, asx clear pty ltd, and six x-clear were unable to perform clearing services for existing or new products, or their clearing members were unable or unwilling to clear through them, transactions could likely not occur on our markets or there may be delays, including until clearing is moved to another clearing agency. in 2021, approximately 53.2% of our net transaction and clearing fees were generated by options and futures that were cleared through occ.

●   opra, utp securities information processor and the cta consolidate options and equities market information, respectively, such as last sale reports and quotations. if any of them were unable to provide this information for a sustained period of time, we may be unable to offer trading on our options and equities markets.

●   we are heavily dependent on technology for our markets, including our data and disaster recovery centers, some of which are housed by third parties, and certain communications and networking products and services. if this technology is unavailable, and cannot be replaced in a sufficiently short time period, we may be unable to operate our markets.

●   we utilize a third-party cloud service provider to maintain secondary offsite backups of our and our customers' data and to distribute real-time data, and we may utilize third-party cloud service providers in the future for additional services. we do not control the operations of third-party cloud service providers or their facilities and may be vulnerable to disruptions in our access to the platform as a result of a number of potential causes, including technical failure, natural disasters, fraud or security attacks that we cannot predict or prevent. additionally, any vulnerability of third-party cloud service providers could expose our or our customers' confidential data, which could result in harm to our business reputation.

●   finra and occ provide certain regulatory services and functions for our options, equities and futures exchanges, while we retain regulatory responsibilities for such services. if finra or occ stopped providing services, or provided inadequate services, we may be subject to action by the sec or cftc, or may have limitations placed upon our markets.

●   we rely on finra cat llc, a subsidiary of finra, to provide services for the implementation of the cat. if finra cat llc stops providing services or provides inadequate services, we and the other execution venues may incur regulatory liability including enforcement action by the sec or limitations placed upon our markets. in addition, until the sec approves a funding model that shares the cost of the cat between the sros and industry members, the sros may continue to incur additional significant costs, including as a result of replacing the plan processor, or result in not being able to collect on the promissory notes related to the funding of the implementation and operation of the cat.

●   we rely on third party routing and clearing firms to clear trades in u.s. listed equity securities routed by us to other markets, and to execute trades in options that we route to other markets.

with respect to options, all contracts traded on our exchanges must be cleared through clearing members of occ. at december 31, 2021, there were 97 tphs that are clearing members of occ. two clearing members accounted for approximately 61.5% of transaction and other fees collected through occ in 2021. the next largest clearing member accounted for approximately 23.5% of transaction and other fees collected through occ. additionally, the two largest clearing members clear the majority of the market-maker sides of transactions at cboe options, c2, bzx, edgx and at all of the options exchanges. should one of these clearing members or liquidity providers exit the business or withdraw from our options exchanges, impose additional market-maker financial requirements or if market-makers were unable to transfer to another clearing member or other liquidity providers were unable to provide additional liquidity, this could create a significant disruption to the options markets, including ours.
we cannot provide assurance that any of these providers will be able to continue to provide these services in an efficient manner or that they will be able to adequately expand their services to meet our needs. an interruption or malfunction in or the cessation or impairment of an important service by a third party or disruption of a third party's operations could cause us to halt trading in some or all of our products or our services, make us unable to conduct other aspects of our business, cause us to experience the loss of a significant number of market participants or cause us to
36
experience a significant reduction in trading activity on our options and futures markets, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. in addition, our inability to make alternative arrangements, such as moving clearing to another clearing agency, in a timely manner, or at all, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results.
if an index provider from which we have a license or a service provider with respect to proprietary products fails to maintain the quality and integrity of their indices or fails to perform under our agreements with them, if we fail to maintain the quality and integrity of our proprietary indices or indices and other values that we calculate as an index provider, or if customer preferences change, the revenues that are generated from the trading of proprietary products or the calculation and dissemination of index values may suffer.
we are a party to a number of license agreements that permit us to list tradeable products related to various indices that are among the most actively traded products on our exchanges. we also enter into agreements pursuant to which we act as an index provider and calculate and disseminate proprietary indices and other values. we believe that demand for our products is based in part on market perception of the quality and integrity of these indices. the quality and integrity of these indices are dependent on the ability of index providers, including us, to maintain the index. maintenance includes ongoing index calculation, index rebalancing and dependance on index providers for a number of things, including the provision of index data. we also rely on index providers to enforce intellectual property rights against unlicensed uses of the indices and uses of the indices that infringe on our licenses. some of our agreements concerning our proprietary products obligate the parties to those agreements to provide important services to us. if any of our index providers, including us, are unable to maintain the quality and integrity of indices, or if any of the index providers or service providers, including us, fail to perform their obligations under the agreements, trading in these products, and therefore transaction fees we receive, may be materially adversely affected or we may not receive the financial benefits of the agreements that we negotiated.
differences in the calculations from methodologies described in published materials or incorrect calculations of spot vix index values or our other spot volatility indices, including those instances that we announced on july 30, 2021, or the failure to implement any planned remedial changes may result in the loss of perceived quality and integrity of our indices, loss of demand for our products, increased potential for investigations and enforcement proceedings, increased potential for failure to perform our obligations under agreements concerning our products or in our capacity as an index provider, and increased exposure to third party claims and related litigation expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
the covid-19 pandemic and its effects have had significant impacts on economies around the world. further impacts of the covid-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
the covid-19 pandemic has had significant impacts on economies around the world. governments, public institutions, and other organizations around the world have taken, and may take additional or reimpose previous, emergency measures to combat covid-19's spread, including vaccination requirements, implementation of travel bans, stay-at-home orders, border closures, and closures of offices, factories, schools, public buildings and businesses. these measures may disrupt the supply chain and may interfere with the ability of our employees, vendors, technology equipment suppliers, data and disaster recovery centers, and other service providers to perform their respective responsibilities and obligations relative to the conduct of our business. in addition to uncertain expenses and impacts to our business we may incur due to covid-19 as part of us providing a safe and healthy work and trading environment, employees working remotely from different locations and in connection with our return to our offices, we may also be subject to claims from employees or customers alleging failure to maintain safe premises and restrictions with respect to protocols relating to covid-19. further, changes in trading behavior, impacts to trading behavior due to market disruptions, additional temporary suspensions of open outcry trading, temporary regulatory measures and other future developments caused by the effects of covid-19, including a re-occurrence of cases and the emergence of variants, could impact trading volumes and the demand for our products, market data and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows and could heighten many of the other risks described herein.
our operations outside of the u.s. expose us to currency risk.
in addition to our operations in the u.s., we have operations in the uk, continental europe, canada, hong kong, australia, japan, philippines, and singapore. we, therefore, have exposure to exchange rate movements between the british pound, the euro, the canadian dollar, the hong kong dollar, the australian dollar, the japanese yen, the
37
philippine peso, and the singapore dollar against the u.s. dollar. significant inflation or changes in foreign exchange rates with respect to one or more of these currencies could occur as a result of general economic or political conditions, acts of war or terrorism, changes in governmental monetary or tax policy, or changes in local interest rates. these exchange rate differences would affect the translation of our non-u.s. results of operations and financial condition into u.s. dollars as part of our consolidated financial statements.
we and our licensors may not be able to protect our respective intellectual property rights.
we rely on patent, trade secret, copyright and trademark laws, the law of the doctrine of misappropriation and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology, proprietary products, index methodologies and other proprietary rights. in addition, we rely on the intellectual property rights of our licensors in connection with our listing of exclusively-licensed index options and futures products. we and our licensors may not be able to prevent third parties from copying, or otherwise obtaining and using, our intellectual property without authorization, listing our proprietary or exclusively-licensed index products without licenses or otherwise infringing on our rights. we and our licensors may have to rely on litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. we and our licensors may not be successful in this regard. such litigation, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs to us, diversion of our resources or a reduction in our revenues, any of which could materially adversely affect our business.
our clearinghouse operations expose us to associated risks, including credit, liquidity, market and other risks related to the defaults of clearing participants and other counterparties.
we are subject to risks related to operating our clearinghouse, euroccp, including the risks of failing to meet strict business continuity requirements and regulatory oversight, risks of default by clearing participants and counterparties, due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons, and the risks associated with the adequacy of participants' margin and default funds. these risks could subject our business to substantial losses, reputational harm, regulatory consequences, including litigation, fines and enforcement actions, and the inability to operate our business, including the continued development of the european derivatives buildout.
to mitigate the credit risks related to defaults of clearing participants and other counterparties, including the market risk that we would only be able to close out a defaulting participant's positions at a loss, there are minimum participation criteria to become a clearing participant and clearing participants are required to provide collateral to cover the margin requirement and default fund contributions. no guarantee can be given that the collateral provided will at all times be sufficient or provide absolute assurance against us experiencing financial losses from defaults by the participants or counterparties on their obligations. in addition, although such collateral is preferably held in european central banks and central securities depositories, there are occasions where commercial banks are used, which can expose us to risk of default by those banks. in addition, euroccp entered into a €1.5 billion committed syndicated multicurrency revolving and swingline credit facility that is available to be drawn by euroccp towards (a) financing unsettled amounts in connection with the settlement of transactions in securities and other items processed through euroccp's clearing system and (b) financing any other liability or liquidity requirement of euroccp incurred in the operation of its clearing system, however we can give no assurance that this facility will be sufficient to meet all such obligations or sufficiently mitigate euroccp's liquidity risk to meet its payment obligations when due. substantial amounts of the collateral, and any amounts drawn under this facility, may be at risk if a clearing participant defaults on its obligations to our clearinghouse and its margin and default fund deposits are insufficient to meet its obligations. this facility is expected to terminate on june 30, 2022 and we may not be able to enter into a replacement facility on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. we cannot assure you that the mitigating measures, policies, safeguards and risk management procedures will be sufficient to detect problems or to protect us from a default or that we will not be materially and adversely affected in the event of a significant default.
computer and communications systems failures and capacity constraints could harm our reputation and our business.
our business depends on the integrity and performance of our computer and communications systems. if our systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times and delays in the introduction of new products and services. these consequences could result in trading outages, lower trading and clearing volumes, financial losses, decreased customer service and satisfaction and regulatory sanctions and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business. although we have a back-up plan with respect to our significant trading and key corporate systems, the back-up systems or disaster recovery plans may prove to be inadequate in the event of a systems failure or cyber-security breach. despite having disaster recovery facilities, there can be no guarantees that we will be able to open an efficient, transparent and liquid marketplace, if we can open at all, following a systems failure. moreover, with extended trading
38
hours, we have to operate our systems longer and have fewer non-trading hours to address any potential concerns with the systems on which we rely.
our markets and clearinghouse have experienced occasional systems failures and delays in the past and in the future our systems may fail, in whole or in part, or may operate slowly, causing one or more of the following:
●   unanticipated disruption in service to our participants;

●   failures or delays during peak trading times or times of unusual market volatility;

●   slower response times and delays in trade execution, clearing and processing;

●   incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording, clearing or processing of trades; and

●   distribution of inaccurate or untimely market data to participants who rely on this data in their trading activity.

any of these events may cause:
●   a loss in transaction, clearing or other fees due to the inability to provide services for a time;

●   requests by market participants or others that we reimburse them for financial loss, either within the constraints of the limited liability provisions of our exchanges' rules or in excess of those amounts;

●   trading and clearing volumes to diminish on our markets and clearinghouse due to dissatisfaction with the platforms; and

●   one or more of our regulators to investigate or take enforcement action against us.

as a consequence of any of these events, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer materially.
in addition to other measures, we test our systems to confirm whether they will be able to handle anticipated present and future peak trading and clearing activity or times of unusual market volatility. however, we cannot assure you that our estimates of future trading or clearing volume will be accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading or clearing volume without failure or degradation of performance.
we anticipate that we will need to continue to make significant investments in hardware, software and telecommunications infrastructure to accommodate the increases in traffic. if we cannot increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate increasing trading or clearing activity and to execute our business strategy, our ability to maintain or expand our businesses would be materially adversely affected.
our use of open source software code may subject our software to general release or require us to re-engineer our software, which could harm our business.
our technology platform uses open source software code. companies that incorporate open source software into their products have, from time to time, faced claims challenging the ownership of open source software. as a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software. in addition, some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code in their software and make any derivative works of the open source code available on unfavorable terms or at no cost. open source license terms may be ambiguous, and many of the risks associated with usage of open source software cannot be eliminated. we believe that our use of open source software is in compliance with the relevant open source software licenses and does not require disclosure of any of our source code. however, if we were found to have inappropriately used open source software, we may be required to release our proprietary source code, re-engineer or discontinue use of our software or take other remedial action any or all of which could cause disruptions in, or impose significant costs on, our business.
damage to our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we believe one of our competitive strengths is our strong industry reputation. various issues may give rise to reputational risk, including issues relating to:
●   the representation of our business in the media;

●   the quality and benefits of using our proprietary products, including the reliability, integrity and functionality of our transaction-based business and index calculations and the accuracy of our market data;

39
●   the ability to execute our business plan, key initiatives or new business ventures and the ability to keep up with changing customer demands and regulatory initiatives;

●   our regulatory compliance and our enforcement of compliance on our customers;

●   the accuracy of our financial statements and other financial and statistical information;

●   the quality of our corporate governance structure;

●   the quality of our disclosure controls and internal controls over financial reporting, including any failures in supervision;

●   the integrity and performance of our computer and communications systems;

●   the ability to successfully complete technology migrations;

●   the failure to successfully expand into new asset classes, such as the digital asset space or u.s. treasuries, or new geographies;

●   security breaches, including any unauthorized delivery of proprietary data to third parties;

●   management of our outsourcing relationships, including our relationship with finra and nfa;

●   any misconduct or fraudulent activity by our employees, especially senior management, or other persons formerly or currently associated with us;

●   our listings business and our enforcement of our listing rules; and

●   any negative publicity surrounding the etps that we serve as the listing destination.

damage to our reputation could cause a reduction in the trading volume of our proprietary products or on our markets or cause us to lose customers. this, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
financial or other problems experienced by third parties could have an adverse effect on our business.
we are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, clearing agents and counterparties. for example, we are exposed to credit risk for transaction fees we bill to customers on a monthly basis in arrears. our customers and other third parties may default on their obligations to us due to a lack of liquidity, operational failure, bankruptcy or other reasons. for additional credit risks related to our clearinghouse operations, see the risk factor "our clearinghouse operations expose us to associated risks, including credit, liquidity, market and other risks related to the defaults of clearing participants and other counterparties."
in addition, with respect to orders cboe trading routes to other markets for execution on behalf of our customers, cboe trading is exposed to counterparty credit risk in the case of failure to perform on the part of our routing and clearing firms that are involved in processing equities and options transactions on our behalf, as well as failure on the part of such brokers to pass back any transactional rebates. wedbush and morgan stanley guarantee equity trades until one day after the trade date, after which time nscc provides a guarantee. thus, cboe trading is potentially exposed to credit risk to the counterparty to an equity trade routed to another market center between the trade date and one day after the trade date in the event that wedbush or morgan stanley fails to perform. additionally, bids trading has counterparty credit risk exposure to boa related to clearing until the day following the trade date, after which time nscc provides a guarantee. with respect to u.s. listed equity options and futures, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the occ, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on cboe options, c2, bzx, edgx, and cfe and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our matched options and futures trades. with respect to canadian equities, we deliver reports of matched trades of our customers to cds, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on matchnow and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our matched canadian equities trades. with respect to australian equities and derivatives, we deliver matched trades of our customers to asx clear pty ltd and asx settlement pty ltd. asx clear pty ltd acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on cboe australia and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement on all of our matched trades in australia. with respect to japanese equities, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the jscc, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on cboe japan and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement on all of our matched trades in japan.
with respect to routed u.s. equity transactions, cboe trading has counterparty credit risk exposure to wedbush and morgan stanley related to clearing until the day following the trade date. cboe trading uses wedbush to clear trades routed through affiliates of credit suisse securities (usa) llc as well as for trades routed directly to other exchanges and optionally dark pools. morgan stanley clears trades routed through the morgan stanley routing brokers and also clears executions routed to most dark pools. cboe trading maintains counterparty credit risk exposure from routing brokers with respect to rebates earned until completion of the routing brokers next invoice cycle following the execution.
40
with respect to u.s. listed equity and exchange traded product options, cboe trading is subject to counterparty credit risk exposure with respect to rebates earned from routing brokers until completion of the routing brokers' next invoice cycle has completed for an execution.
our exposure to credit risk may be further impacted by volatile securities markets that may affect the ability of our customers, counterparties and other third parties to satisfy their obligations to us. moreover, we may not be successful in managing our credit risk through mitigating measures, policies, safeguards and risk management procedures, reporting and control procedures or by maintaining credit standards. any losses arising from such defaults or other credit losses could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
while neither cboe fx nor cboe sef has direct counterparty risk, cboe fx or cboe sef may suffer a decrease in transaction volume if a bank or prime broker experiences an event that causes other prime brokers to decrease or revoke the credit available to the prime broker experiencing the event. therefore, cboe fx and cboe sef may have risk that is related to the credit of the banks and prime brokers that trade spot fx on the cboe fx platform, or ndfs on cboe sef.
we may be required to assume ownership of a position in securities in connection with our order routing service, which could subject us to trading losses when our broker-dealer disposes of that position.
we offer a smart-order routing service through our broker-dealer subsidiary, cboe trading, which provides its customers with access to other market centers when we route their orders to those market centers for execution. in connection with this service, we may assume ownership of a position in securities. this may occur, for example, when a market center to which we have routed a customer's order experiences systemic issues and is unable to determine the status of that order. when this happens, we may make a business decision to provide a cancellation notice to our customer, relieving our customer of any liability with respect to the order. we may be informed later, however, that the order was executed at the market center to which we routed it, in which case cboe trading would be required to take ownership of that securities position. our third party clearing brokers maintain error accounts on behalf of cboe trading into which such positions settle, and we require the respective clearing broker to trade out of those positions as expeditiously as possible, which could result in our incurring trading losses.
we may not effectively manage our growth, which could materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results.
we expect that our business will continue to grow, which may place a significant strain on our management, personnel, systems and resources. we must continually improve our operational, financial and regulatory systems and managerial controls and procedures, and may need to continue to expand, train and manage our workforce. we must also maintain close coordination among our technology, legal, accounting, finance, marketing, sales, regulatory and compliance functions. if we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially harmed. furthermore, failure to successfully expand into new asset classes, such as the digital asset space or u.s. treasuries, or new geographies may materially adversely affect our growth strategy and our future profitability.
our continued growth will require increased investment by us in technology, facilities, personnel, and financial and management systems and controls. it also will require expansion of our procedures for monitoring and assuring our compliance with applicable regulations, and we will need to integrate, train and manage a growing employee base. the expansion of our existing businesses, any expansion into new businesses and the resulting growth of our employee base will increase our need for internal audit and monitoring processes, which may be more extensive and broader in scope than those we have historically required. we may not be successful in identifying or implementing all of the processes that are necessary. further, unless our growth results in an increase in our revenues that is proportionally greater than or equal to the increase in our costs associated with this growth, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected.
we selectively explore acquisition opportunities and strategic alliances relating to other businesses, products or technologies. we may not be successful in integrating other businesses, products or technologies with our business. any such transaction also may not produce the results we anticipate, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
we selectively explore and pursue acquisition and other opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our company. we may enter into business combination transactions, make acquisitions or enter into strategic partnerships, joint ventures or alliances, any of which may be material. the market for acquisition targets and strategic alliances is
41
highly competitive, which could make it more difficult to find appropriate merger or acquisition opportunities. if we are required to raise capital by incurring debt or issuing additional equity for any reason in connection with a strategic acquisition or investment, financing may not be available or the terms of such financing may not be favorable to us and our stockholders, whose interests may be diluted by the issuance of additional stock.
for example, at the end of 2021, we announced the planned acquisitions of erisx, an operator of a u.s. based digital asset spot market, a regulated futures exchange and a regulated clearinghouse, and neo, a canadian securities exchange with a diverse product and services set ranging from corporate listings to cash equity trading. these planned acquisitions are expected to close in the first half of 2022, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. further, in 2021 we purchased chi-x asia pacific, a holding company of alternative market operators in australia and japan, and in 2020, we purchased hanweck and the assets of ft options, which are providers of risk analytics market data, the assets of trade alert, a real-time alerts and order flow analysis service provider, euroccp, an operator of a european clearinghouse, and matchnow, an operator of an equities ats in canada. at the end of 2020, we also purchased bids trading, a registered broker-dealer and operator of the bids ats in the u.s., which is not a registered national securities exchange or a facility thereof. cboe intends to maintain the bids ats as an independently managed and operated trading venue, separate from and not integrated with the exchanges.
the process of integration, including in new geographies and asset classes with new regulatory regimes, may expose us to a number of unforeseen risks and operating difficulties, including risks relating to information technology integration and security, regulatory issues and employee issues, and may divert the attention of management from the ongoing operation of our business and harm our reputation. we may not successfully achieve the integration objectives, and we may not realize the anticipated cost savings, revenue growth and synergies in full or at all, or it may take longer to realize them than expected, any of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results.
for additional risks related to our potential consummation of the erisx acquisition, see the risk factors section entitled "risks relating to our business following consummation of erisx acquisition" below.
risks relating to legal and regulatory matters we operate in a highly regulated industry and may be subject to censures, fines and other legal proceedings if we fail to comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
cboe options, c2, bzx, byx, edgx, and edga are registered national securities exchanges and sros, and, as such, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the sec. cfe is a dcm and cboe sef is a sef, each registered with the cftc and subject to comprehensive regulation by the cftc. in addition to its other sro responsibilities, bzx, as a listing market, also is responsible for evaluating applications submitted by issuers interested in listing their securities on bzx and monitoring each issuer's compliance with bzx's continued listing standards. the exchanges may be subject to additional responsibilities in other international jurisdictions where the exchanges may be authorized to act as foreign exchanges. failure to comply with these sro and other responsibilities could result in potential sanctions or fines and a negative impact on cboe's reputation and/or branding.
our european businesses are subject to regulatory oversight in the uk by the fca and in the netherlands by the dnb and the afm, which, through the "passporting" regime, provides authorization to carry on business in other member states of the eu and the eea in accordance with the applicable eu legislation and regulation to which our european business is subject. matchnow is subject to regulatory oversight in canada by the iiroc and the osc. cboe australia is subject to regulatory oversight in australia by the asic. cboe japan is subject to regulatory oversight in japan by the jfsa and the jsda. bids trading is a registered broker-dealer subject to regulatory oversight in the u.s. by the sec and finra and is expected to be maintained as an independently managed and operated trading venue, separate from and not integrated with the sros. the chief executive officer of bids trading is expected to lead bids trading as an independent business within cboe, reporting into an independent committee of the board of directors of cboe global markets. if a regulatory authority makes a finding of non-compliance, conditional fines could be imposed, and our licenses could be revoked. any such fine or revocation of a license could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
in addition to the requirements related to operating our u.s. markets imposed by the sec and the cftc, we also have certain responsibilities for regulating the tphs and members that trade on our exchanges. while we have entered into agreements under which finra, with respect to our options and equities exchanges provides certain regulatory services, we retain ultimate responsibility for the regulation of our tphs and members. we have begun to perform
42
internally more of the regulatory services that finra used to handle and now perform internally the regulatory functions that nfa previously handled on behalf of cfe.
our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on the establishment and maintenance of appropriate systems and procedures, our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, the ability of finra and occ to perform under their respective rsas, the ability of finra and occ to transition to us any other potential responsibilities under their respective rsas, our ability to complete the new additional responsibilities for regulating our tphs and members and our oversight of the work done by finra and occ. the sec and cftc have broad powers to audit, investigate and enforce compliance and to punish noncompliance by, as applicable, sros, dcms and sefs pursuant to applicable laws, rules and regulations.
if a regulatory authority were to find one of our programs of enforcement or compliance to be deficient, our sros, dcm, or sef could be the subject of investigations and enforcement proceedings that may result in substantial sanctions, including revocation of registration as a national securities exchange, dcm, or sef. any such investigations or proceedings, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs, the diversion of resources, including management time, and potential harm to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. in addition, our sros, dcm, or sef may be required to modify or restructure their regulatory functions in response to any changes in the regulatory environment, or they may be required to rely on third parties to perform regulatory and oversight functions, each of which may require us to incur substantial expenses and may harm our reputation if our regulatory services are deemed inadequate.
in addition, sros are required by federal law to perform a variety of regulatory functions. in light of these responsibilities, some courts have held that sros are immune to certain private causes of action relating to the performance of these regulatory functions. there is a risk that some courts may not apply this immunity doctrine to all claims. there is also a risk that legislative or regulatory developments may change the application of this immunity doctrine. limitations on the application of the immunity doctrine could result in an increased exposure to litigation, and increase liability and/or other legal expenses. further under the commodity exchange act, cfe and cboe sef may be subject to litigation alleging that they have acted in bad faith. we also could be exposed to liability to regulators or other governmental authorities even in situations where immunity would bar a civil claim.
legislative or regulatory changes affecting our markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
changes in regulation by the sec, cftc, fca, central bank of the netherlands ("dnb"), afm, iiroc, osc, asic, jfsa, jsda, other foreign regulators or other government action, including sec approval of rule filings by other sros or entities, including occ, could materially affect our markets, products and clearinghouse. in recent years, the securities and derivatives industries have been subject to regulatory changes as a result of increasing government and public scrutiny of the securities and derivatives industries. we have also experienced, and we may also experience due to changes in administrations in the u.s. and expansion into other asset classes, such as the digital asset space or u.s. treasuries and geographies, an increase in rulemaking and legislation that could affect our business.
further, congress, regulators and some media have been increasingly scrutinizing electronic trading, payment for order flow and other forms of remuneration, and the structure of equity markets in recent years. the sec continues to consider various potential market structure changes, which could result in reduced trading volumes, or which could negatively affect our business. to the extent the sec adopts regulatory changes, our business, financial condition and operating results could be negatively impacted. in addition, high frequency trading has been the subject of private litigation and we are party to one such matter. see note 23 ("commitments, contingencies, and guarantees-legal proceedings") for more information. to the extent the sec adopts additional regulatory changes related to market data and access and capacity, our business, financial condition and operating results could be negatively impacted.
under eu and uk regulations, european and uk banks and other european and uk financial institutions become subject to punitive capital charges if they transact options or futures through a third country central counterparty ("ccp") that is not recognized in the applicable jurisdiction. occ, our clearinghouse for u.s. options and futures, is not currently recognized as a third country ccp by the eu or the uk. however, the european commission has issued equivalency determinations for ccps regulated by the cftc and sec, which includes occ, and occ's application for recognition as a third country ccp in the eu is pending. the uk has not issued any equivalency determination with respect to u.s. ccps, and accordingly occ has not yet submitted its application for recognition in the uk but is instead operating under the uk's temporary recognition regime. as a prerequisite to ultimately achieving recognition in the eu or uk, it is possible that occ could be required by the eu or uk to contribute capital to its default waterfall applicable in the event of clearing
43
member default. this capital could be required to be drawn before the default fund contributions of non-defaulting clearing members in the event that a defaulting clearing member's margin and other contributions were to be exhausted. occ's stockholders, including cboe options, could effectively be required to fund this capital. if the eu or uk do not recognize occ as a third country ccp, then european or uk market participants that clear through occ would become subject to punitive capital charges. as a result, we could experience the loss of a significant number of european or uk market participants and a significant reduction in trading activity on our options and futures markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
the implementation of mifid ii and mifir in europe at the beginning of 2018 has encouraged competition among market centers in europe. mifid ii and mifir have introduced a number of new rules, including enhanced internal organizational and compliance monitoring requirements, which apply directly to european trading venues such as our mtf and rm. the impact of mifid ii and mifir is significant, and the increased competition among market centers could reduce trading volumes and trading fees, while increasing our costs of operating in europe. additionally, european authorities are planning to continue to review mifid in the second half of 2021 as a result of which new rules may come into effect that could have a material impact on our business.
as discussed above, in 2021 the e.c. and esma published proposals for the review of eu market structure, including provisions for a consolidated tape for the eu, changes to the transparency regime for equities, increased pre-trade transparency for periodic auctions, and post-trade flagging. these proposals are expected to be implemented from the middle of 2022 to late 2023 or early 2024. as proposed, these new rules may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
the legislative and regulatory environment in which the spot fx market operates is evolving and has undergone significant changes in the recent past, and there may be future regulatory changes in the spot fx industry. the fx global code was published in 2017 and sets forth standards of conduct agreed by market participants and central banks on a global basis to apply to the wholesale fx market, and the effect of its publication on conduct and future regulation continues to evolve. cboe fx issued a statement of commitment declaring its commitment to conduct its fx market activities in a manner consistent with the principles of the fx global code. amendments to the fx global code, changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations by applicable governmental bodies and regulatory organizations, or the adoption of new legal or regulatory requirements, may also adversely affect our spot fx business. further, our fx ndf business may also be adversely affected by proposed regulatory changes to the rules governing swap execution facilities.
it is also possible that there will be additional legislative and regulatory changes or efforts in the environment in which we operate, or plan to operate, our businesses. actions on any of the specific regulatory issues currently under review in the u.s. or internationally and other proposals could have a material impact on our business.
in addition, u.s. and foreign legislatures and regulators could impose legislative or regulatory changes that could materially adversely impact the ability of our market participants to use our markets or participate in the securities industry at all. any such changes could result in the loss of a significant number of market participants or a reduction in trading activity on our markets, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. changes or proposed changes in regulation may also result in additional costs of compliance and modification of market participants' trading activity on our exchanges and markets.
any infringement by us on intellectual property rights of others could result in litigation and could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
our competitors, as well as others, have obtained, or may obtain, patents or may otherwise hold intellectual property rights that are related to our technology or the types of products and services we offer or plan to offer. we may not be aware of all intellectual property that may pose a risk of infringement by our products, services or technologies. in addition, some potential patent applications in the u.s. are confidential until a patent is issued, and therefore we cannot evaluate the extent to which our products, services or technologies may be covered or asserted to be covered in pending patent applications. thus, we cannot be sure that our products, services or technologies do not infringe on the rights of others or that others will not make claims of infringement against us. claims of infringement are not uncommon in our industry, and even if we believe that such claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management resources and attention. if one or more of our products, services or technologies were determined to infringe a patent or other intellectual property right held by another party, we may be required to pay damages, stop using, developing or marketing those products, services or technologies, obtain a license from the intellectual property rights holders, or redesign those products, services or technologies to avoid infringement. if we were required to stop using,
44
developing or marketing certain products, services or technologies, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially harmed. moreover, if we were unable to obtain required licenses, we may not be able to redesign our products, services or technologies to avoid infringement, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
misconduct by our tphs, members, participants or others could harm us.
we run the risk that our tphs, members, participants, other persons who use our markets or our products, other persons for whom we clear transactions, our employees or those with which we have business relationships may engage in fraud, market or product manipulation, or other misconduct, which could result in regulatory and legal sanctions and penalties and serious harm to our reputation, especially because we are the parent company of sros. it is not always possible to deter misconduct, or market or product manipulation, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. in addition, misconduct, or market or product manipulation by, or failures of, participants on our or other exchanges may discourage trading on our exchanges or of our products, which could reduce revenues.
potential conflicts of interest between our for-profit status and our regulatory responsibilities may adversely affect our business.
as a for-profit business with regulatory responsibilities, we are responsible for disciplining tphs and members for violating our rules, including by imposing fines and sanctions. this may create a conflict of interest between our business interests and our regulatory responsibilities. any failure by us to fulfill our regulatory obligations could significantly harm our reputation, increase regulatory scrutiny or cause the sec or cftc to take action against us, all of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
bids trading's ability to operate under its current regulatory framework is dependent upon the sufficiency of a novel operational and governance framework we have developed to govern our relationship with bids trading and our ability to comply with such framework and if we fail to adhere to such framework or the bids trading ats is otherwise deemed a "facility" of our registered national securities exchanges, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.
the u.s. equities ats operated by bids trading is regulated as a broker-dealer sponsored alternative trading system and not a registered national securities exchange. because we acquired bids trading, it is now under common ownership with our registered national securities exchanges that, in some cases, offer trading in the same securities as those traded on the bids trading ats. absent sufficient separation, this common ownership of an ats and registered national securities exchanges offering trading in the same securities presents the potential for the bids trading ats to be deemed a "facility" of our registered national securities exchanges. if the bids trading ats were to be deemed to be a "facility" of our registered national securities exchanges, certain exchange regulations could be extended to the bids trading ats, which could have a material adverse impact on bids trading's business model. this could reduce the bids trading ats' competitiveness and volumes and could result in a reduction of the value of the bids trading ats to us. this could also potentially result in fines or other penalties being assessed against us for our failure to operate the bids trading ats as a "facility," which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
to mitigate the risk that the bids trading ats is deemed a "facility" of our registered national securities exchanges, we have developed and implemented an operational and governance framework for our ownership of bids trading that is intended to preserve the strategic, technological, business, and operational independence of the bids trading ats from our registered national securities exchange businesses, such that the bids trading ats and our registered national securities exchanges would not be deemed to be integrated or otherwise linked for "facility" purposes. this framework is supported by highly detailed policies, procedures and controls. however, because of the lack of precedent for common ownership of an ats and registered national security exchanges offering trading in the same securities, there is risk that our framework and supporting policies, procedures and controls could be deemed to be insufficient to prevent the bids trading ats from being deemed to be a "facility" of our registered national securities exchanges. in addition, because of the comprehensive and highly detailed nature of our framework and supporting policies, procedures and controls, there is risk that we could inadvertently fail to fully adhere to our operational and governance framework and related policies, procedures and controls. there is also risk that new legislation or regulation, or changes in existing regulation or other government action, relating to "facilities" of registered national securities exchanges and/or the common ownership of an ats and registered national securities exchanges offering trading in the same securities could materially affect our ability to own and operate the bids trading ats under the current operational and governance framework, including without the bids trading ats being deemed a "facility" of our registered national securities exchanges. occurrence of any of the
45
risks described in this paragraph could result in the bids trading ats being deemed to be a "facility" of our registered national securities exchanges, which could reduce the bids trading ats' competitiveness and volumes and could result in a reduction of the value of the bids trading ats to us, and could also potentially result in fines or other penalties being assessed against us for our failure to operate the bids trading ats as a "facility," which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
if our risk management and compliance methods are not effective, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.
our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, risk, audit, and reporting systems and procedures, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance, risk and audit management personnel. these systems and procedures may not be fully effective. we face the risk of intervention by regulatory authorities, including extensive examination and surveillance activity. in the case of actual or alleged non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to investigations and judicial or administrative proceedings that may result in penalties, settlements or civil lawsuits, including by customers, or third parties, for damages, which may be substantial. for example, the sec has previously brought actions against exchange operators, including us, for failing to fulfill their obligations to have an effective regulatory system. any failure to comply with applicable laws and rules could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and operating results and, in extreme cases, our ability to conduct our business or portions thereof. as the parent company for sros, other markets, and a clearinghouse, we are responsible for maintaining markets that comply with securities and futures laws, sec, fca, afm, dnb, iiroc, osc, asic, jfsa, jsda, esma, and cftc regulations and the rules of the respective exchanges, markets and clearinghouse.
we have methods to identify, monitor and manage our risks. management of legal, compliance, and regulatory risk, among other risks, requires policies and procedures to properly monitor and manage risk. if our policies, procedures, and compliance systems are not effective or we are not successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed, our business, reputation, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. we cannot provide assurance that our policies and procedures will always be effective, or that our management, compliance department, risk department and related enterprise risk management program and internal audit department would be able to identify any such ineffectiveness. if these departments or the enterprise risk program, and related policies and procedures are not effective, we may be subject to monetary or other penalties by our regulators, and our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage.
our ability to implement or amend rules could be limited or delayed because of regulation, which could negatively affect our ability to implement needed changes.
our exchanges registered with the sec must submit proposed rule changes to the sec for its review and, in many cases, its approval. even where a proposed rule change may be effective upon filing with the sec, the sec retains the right to suspend and disapprove such a rule change. also, the cftc may stay or disapprove rules that we file with it for cfe or cboe sef. the rule review process can be lengthy and can significantly delay the implementation of proposed rule changes that we believe are necessary to the operation of our markets. if the sec or cftc delays, including because of a government shutdown, or does not allow one of our exchanges to implement a rule change, this could negatively affect our ability to make needed changes or implement business activities.
similarly, the sec must approve amendments to our exchange subsidiaries' certificates of incorporation and bylaws as well as certain amendments to the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of cboe global markets. the sec may decide not to approve a proposed amendment or may delay such approval in a manner that could negatively affect our ability to make a desired change, which could prevent or delay us from improving the operations of our markets or recognize income from new products.
changes in the tax laws and regulations affecting us, our products and our market participants could have a material adverse effect on our business.
legislation may be proposed, both domestically and internationally, that could add a transaction tax on our products or change the way that our market participants are taxed on the products they trade on our markets. more recently, a number of federal, state and local jurisdictions in the u.s. and eu member states have considered a financial transaction tax, but many details remain to be discussed and agreed, including how to assess the tax. additionally, the proposed modernization of derivatives tax act of 2021 would introduce in the u.s. mark-to-market tax treatment for all derivatives contracts and require gains and losses be taxed at ordinary income tax rates. if such proposals were to become law, they
46
could have a negative impact on the securities industry and on us by making transactions more costly to market participants, which may impact derivatives trading behavior, reduce trading or clearing and could make our markets less competitive, and they could result in a reduction in volumes and liquidity, which would have a negative impact on our operations.
in addition to proposed tax changes that could affect our market participants, like other corporations, we are subject to taxes at federal, state and local levels, as well as in non-u.s. jurisdictions. changes in tax laws, regulations or policies or successful claims by tax authorities could result in our having to pay higher taxes, which would in turn reduce our net income. if this occurs, we may experience a higher effective tax rate.
we are subject to litigation risks and other liabilities.
many aspects of our business involve substantial risks of litigation and other liabilities. although under current law we expect to be immune from private suits arising from conduct within our regulatory authority and from acts and forbearances incident to the exercise of our regulatory authority, we expect this immunity will only cover certain of our activities in the u.s., and we could be exposed to liability under foreign, national and local laws, court decisions and rules and regulations promulgated by regulatory agencies.
some of our other liability risks arise under the laws and regulations relating to the tax, employment, intellectual property, anti-money laundering, technology export, cybersecurity, foreign asset controls, foreign corrupt practices, employee labor and employment areas, including anti-discrimination and fair-pay laws and regulations. liability could also result from disputes over the terms of a trade executed on one of our markets, claims that a system failure or delay cost a customer money, claims we entered into an unauthorized transaction or claims that we provided materially false or misleading statements in connection with a transaction.
for example, we are subject to on-going legal disputes that could result in the payment of fines, penalties or damages and could expose us to additional liability in the future. see item 3 "legal proceedings" in this annual report for a general description of our legal proceedings and claims and note 23 ("commitments, contingencies, and guarantees - legal proceedings") to the consolidated financial statements and related notes, which are included elsewhere in this annual report, for a summary of specific legal proceedings.
further, we could incur significant expenses vigorously defending the claims mentioned above (including those found to be barred due to immunity) and any future claims, even those without merit, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. the outcomes of existing claims and any future claims cannot be determined and an adverse resolution of any lawsuit or claim against us may require us to pay substantial damages or impose restrictions on how we conduct business, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. in addition, we may have to establish accruals for those matters in circumstances when a loss contingency is considered probable and the related amount is reasonably estimable. any such accruals may be adjusted as circumstances change.
risks related to our common stock and indebtedness we have outstanding indebtedness, which may decrease our business flexibility and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $159.5 million outstanding under our term loan facility, $646.5 million of senior unsecured notes due 2027, $493.3 million of senior unsecured notes due 2030, no funds outstanding under our revolving credit facility and no funds outstanding under the euroccp credit facility. the financial and other covenants to which we have agreed and our indebtedness may have the effect of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, thereby placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less indebtedness and making us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions. further, we may default on our obligations or violate the covenants, in which case, we may be required to seek a waiver of such default or the debt obligations may be accelerated. a default under any of our indebtedness with cross default provisions could result in a default on our other indebtedness. our indebtedness may also increase future borrowing costs, and the covenants pertaining thereto may also limit our ability to repurchase shares of our common stock, increase dividends or obtain additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate requirements. we are also required to dedicate a larger portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow for other purposes, including working capital, capital expenditures and
47
general corporate purposes. further, a portion of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest, which exposes us to the risk of increased interest rates unless we enter into offsetting hedging transactions.
our ability to make payments on and to refinance our debt obligations and to fund planned capital expenditures depend on our ability to generate cash from our operations. this, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control.
we may not be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. if we cannot service our indebtedness, we may have to take actions such as selling assets, seeking additional equity or reducing or delaying capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, any of which could impede the implementation of our business strategy or prevent us from entering into transactions that would otherwise benefit our business. additionally, we may not be able to affect such actions, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. any of the foregoing consequences could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
deterioration in our credit profile may increase our costs of borrowing money.
as of december 31, 2021, we have investment grade credit ratings from s&p global ratings (a-) and moody's investor service (a3). ratings from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. there is no assurance that we will maintain such credit ratings, since credit ratings may be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, the circumstances warrant. if a rating agency were to downgrade our rating below investment grade, our borrowing costs could increase.
if our goodwill, long-lived assets, investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries and intangible assets become impaired, the resulting charge to earnings may be significant.
we are required to assess investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries and intangible assets for impairment at least annually. goodwill impairment testing is performed annually in the fiscal fourth quarter or more frequently if conditions exist that indicate that the asset may be impaired. in the future, we may take charges against earnings resulting from impairment. any determination requiring the write-off of a significant portion of our goodwill, long-lived assets, intangible assets or investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
any decision to pay dividends on our common stock is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon the earnings and cash flow of our operating subsidiaries. accordingly, there can be no guarantee that we will pay dividends to our stockholders.
any decision to pay dividends on our common stock in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors, which may determine not to declare dividends at all or at a reduced amount. the board's determination to declare dividends will depend upon our profitability and financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and the sec and other factors that the board deems relevant. as a holding company with no significant business operations of its own, cboe global markets depends entirely on distributions, if any, it may receive from its subsidiaries to meet its obligations and pay dividends to its stockholders. if these subsidiaries are not profitable, or even if they are and they determine to retain their profits for use in their businesses, we will be unable to pay dividends to our stockholders.
certain provisions in our organizational documents and governing law could prevent or delay a change of control.
our organizational documents contain provisions that could block actions that stockholders might find favorable, including discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of control or any unsolicited acquisition proposals for us. these include provisions:
●   prohibiting stockholders from acting by written consent;

●   requiring advance notice of director nominations and of business to be brought before a meeting of stockholders; and

●   limiting the persons who may call special stockholders' meetings.

48
in addition, our organizational documents include provisions that:
●   restrict any person from voting or causing the voting of shares of stock representing more than 20% of our outstanding voting capital stock; and

●   restrict any person from beneficially owning shares of stock representing more than 20% of the outstanding shares of our capital stock.

furthermore, our board of directors has the authority to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights and preferences of these shares without stockholder approval. any series of our preferred stock is likely to be senior to our common stock with respect to dividends, liquidation rights and, possibly, voting rights. the ability of the board of directors to issue preferred stock also could have the effect of discouraging unsolicited acquisition proposals, thus materially adversely affecting the market price of our common stock.
delaware law makes it difficult for stockholders that have recently acquired a large interest in a corporation to cause the merger or acquisition of the corporation against the board's wishes. under section 203 of the delaware general corporation law, a delaware corporation may not engage in any merger or other business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder except in limited circumstances, including by approval of the corporation's board of directors.
furthermore, the european countries where we operate regulated entities, such as the uk and netherlands, may require prior governmental approval before an investor acquires 10% or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock.
risks relating to our business following consummation of pending erisx acquisition we may not realize the expected benefits of our pending acquisition of erisx and the acquisition introduces additional risks to our business due to its evolving business model.
we expect to acquire erisx, a u.s.-based digital asset spot market, a regulated futures exchange and a regulated clearinghouse, which we plan to rebrand as cboe digital following close. this planned acquisition is expected to close in the first half of 2022, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. leveraging digital asset data from erisx's and our existing index calculation capabilities, we intend to develop and distribute digital asset indices for potential use in exchange traded products and other derivative product opportunities. we also plan to develop a robust market data offering based on actionable bid and offer prices from the erisx spot crypto market, and ultimately intend to develop a benchmark to help erisx's industry partners and other market participants evaluate the appropriateness of crypto execution prices and offer digital asset trading to their clients. we expect to have increased financial and reputational risks if there is a failure to develop and launch one or more of anticipated products resulting from this potential acquisition, or if the development or launch of a new product is unsuccessful. also, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the necessary regulatory approvals or receive support from market participants, industry partners and users to develop and launch products as planned, that erisx will continue to operate as anticipated, or that we will realize the expected return on our investment. furthermore, our potential investment in erisx entails numerous risks, including risks relating to our ability to:
●   manage the complexity of its business model to stay current with the industry;

●   successfully enter categories and markets in which it may have limited or no prior experience;

●   successfully develop and integrate products, systems or personnel into its business operations; and

●   maintain required licenses and regulatory approvals for its business.

in addition, we expect that certain market participants intend to acquire minority ownership interests in cboe digital and to serve as partners in the growth of the business. if these market participants do not acquire minority ownership interests or serve as partners in the growth of the business, then we may not be able to realize the expected return on our investment. insufficient participation from market participants in ownership and partnership may adversely affect the ability of erisx to operate as anticipated or grow, which may have a material adverse effect on our business following the acquisition.
as digital assets technologies evolve, once under our management, erisx may add, modify or discontinue certain aspects of its business model relating to the product mix and service offerings. future additions and modifications to erisx's business will increase the complexity of its business and may place significant strain on erisx's management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources and internal financial control and reporting
49
functions. we cannot offer any assurance that these or any other additions or modifications will be successful or will not result in harm to our business following the acquisition. additionally, sources of erisx revenue are dependent on digital assets and the broader blockchain ecosystem. due to the highly volatile nature of the blockchain ecosystem and the prices of digital assets, erisx's operating results have fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate, significantly from period to period in accordance with market sentiments and movements in the broader blockchain ecosystem.
additionally, the blockchain ecosystem is highly innovative, rapidly evolving and characterized by intense competition, experimentation and frequent introductions of new products and services, and is subject to uncertain and evolving industry and regulatory requirements. we expect competition to increase in the future as existing and new competitors introduce new products or enhance existing products that may compete with erisx. we have limited experience in the digital assets space, and erisx has limited experience applying its digital platform to a global exchange and clearing infrastructure for digital assets. the creation and operation of a global cryptocurrency spot and derivatives trading market is subject to potential technical, legal and regulatory constraints. any problems that we encounter with the operation of the erisx systems, including technical, legal and regulatory problems, could negatively impact our business and plan of operations following the acquisition.
erisx may be unsuccessful in retaining its key personnel.
the success of erisx will depend in part on the ability to retain its key employees, while the acquisition is pending and following our acquisition of erisx. if erisx is unable to retain key employees, including management, who are critical to the successful integration and future operations, we and erisx could face disruptions in our respective operations, loss of customers, loss of key information, expertise or know-how and unanticipated additional recruitment costs. in addition, if key employees terminate their employment, erisx's business activities may be adversely affected and management's attention may be diverted from successfully integrating erisx to hiring suitable replacements, all of which may cause erisx's business to suffer. in addition, hiring qualified and experienced personnel in this specialized technology space is difficult due to the high level of competition and scarcity of experience. we and erisx may have difficulty finding, hiring and integrating qualified employees to fill positions following the acquisition.
the characteristics of digital assets and digital asset platforms have been, and may in the future continue to be, exploited to facilitate illegal activity such as fraud, money laundering, tax evasion, ransomware scams and other types of cybercrime, as well as other technical issues, which could adversely affect erisx.
digital assets and the digital asset industry are relatively new and, in many cases, lightly regulated or largely unregulated. digital asset platforms on which digital assets trade pose special risks, as these platforms are generally new and the rules governing their activities are unsettled and their activities may be largely unregulated, and may therefore be more exposed to theft, fraud, and failure than established, regulated exchanges for other products.
some types of digital assets, particularly cryptocurrencies, have characteristics, such as the speed with which transactions can be conducted, the ability to conduct transactions without the involvement of regulated intermediaries, the ability to engage in transactions across multiple jurisdictions, the irreversible nature of certain transactions and encryption technology that anonymizes these transactions, that make those assets potentially susceptible to use in illegal activity such as fraud, money laundering, tax evasion, ransomware scams and other types of cybercrime. digital asset platforms have been shut down or experienced losses of assets placed on the platform as a result of cybercrime, and any such event is likely to result in the complete loss of assets placed on such a platform. any governmental or regulatory action against such a digital asset trading platform may cause assets on such platform to become frozen for a substantial period of time or forfeited, and could result in material opportunity costs or even in the total loss of such assets. in addition, banks may refuse to process or support wire transfers to or from digital asset trading platforms.
while we believe that erisx's risk management and compliance framework is reasonably designed to detect any such illicit activities, we cannot ensure that we and erisx will be able to detect such illegal activity in all instances. because the speed, irreversibility and anonymity of certain digital asset transactions potentially makes them difficult to track, fraudulent transactions may be more likely to occur. erisx may be specifically targeted by individuals seeking to conduct transfers for fraudulent purposes, and it may be difficult or impossible for us and erisx to detect and avoid such transactions in certain circumstances.
various other technical issues with blockchain networks have also been uncovered from time to time that resulted in disabled functionality, exposure of certain users' personal data, theft of users' assets, and other negative consequences, and which required resolution with the attention and efforts of their global miner, user and development communities. if any
50
such risks or other risks materialize, the development and growth of digital assets may be significantly affected and, as a result, erisx's business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.
the acquisition of erisx may increase regulatory costs and risks, and there can be no assurance that our or erisx's employees or agents will not violate applicable laws and regulations.
various aspects of the business that erisx is engaging in, or planning to engage in, are heavily regulated. erisx's futures exchange and clearinghouse are regulated by the cftc, and erisx's clearinghouse is registered with the financial crimes enforcement network and is licensed as a money transmitter in many u.s. states and territories. the trading, clearance, and settlement of digital asset transactions may be subject to the federal securities laws and regulated by the sec if the asset is considered a security. we and erisx are also subject to federal and state anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing laws and regulations.
we and erisx currently maintain policies and procedures designed to reasonably help ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that our or erisx's employees or agents will not violate such laws and regulations. a failure by us or erisx, including the respective employees or agents, to comply with such laws and regulations and subsequent judgment or settlement against us or erisx under these laws could subject us or erisx to monetary penalties, damages, and/or have a significant reputational impact.
regulatory or other legislative changes or actions may restrict the use of digital assets in a manner that adversely affects erisx's business, prospects or operations and, consequently, our potential investment in erisx.
regulatory or other legislative changes or actions may impact the ability of erisx to continue to operate, and such actions could affect the ability of erisx to continue as a going concern. the regulatory and legislative framework is unsettled with respect to many forms of digital assets, which means that federal or state regulators or legislators may in the future curtail or prohibit the acquisition, use or redemption of certain digital assets. ownership of, holding or trading in certain digital assets may become subject to sanction. federal or state regulators or legislators may also take regulatory or legislative action that may increase the cost and/or subject companies to additional regulations and laws regarding custody or facilitating the trading of digital assets.
in addition, as erisx expands its business to new products and services, it will come under the jurisdiction of additional regulators - both with respect to jurisdiction and subject matter. any failure or perceived failure to comply with existing or new laws, regulations, or orders of any governmental authority (including changes to or expansion of the interpretation of those laws, regulations, or orders), including those discussed in this risk factor, may subject us and erisx to significant fines, penalties, criminal and civil lawsuits, forfeiture of significant assets, and enforcement, result in additional compliance and licensure requirements, increase regulatory scrutiny of its business, restrict erisx's operations, and force erisx to change its business practices, make product or operational changes, or delay planned product launches or improvements. we and erisx currently maintain policies and procedures designed to reasonably help ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that our or erisx's employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations.
digital asset custodial solutions and related technology, including erisx's systems and custodial arrangements, are subject to risks related to a loss of funds due to theft of digital assets, employee or vendor sabotage, security and cybersecurity risks, system failures and other operational issues which could cause damage to our and erisx's reputation and brand.
the secure storage and transmission of digital assets and data over networks is a critical element of erisx's operations. threats to erisx's storage and transmission of digital assets and data may come from external factors such as governments, organized crime, hackers and other third parties such as outsourced or infrastructure-support providers and application developers, or may originate internally from an employee or service provider to whom erisx has granted access to its systems.
digital asset transactions may be irrevocable, and stolen or incorrectly transferred digital assets may be irretrievable. once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is added to the blockchain, an incorrect transfer of a digital asset generally will not be reversible, and erisx may not be capable of seeking compensation for any such transfer or theft. it is possible that, through computer or human error, or through theft or criminal action, the digital asset could be transferred in incorrect amounts or to unauthorized third parties, or to uncontrolled accounts. such events would have a material adverse effect on the ability of erisx to continue as a going concern, which may have an adverse effect on our business following the acquisition.
51
while we and erisx maintain cybersecurity procedures and policies, those procedures and policies may not be adequate to avoid the potential losses caused by security breaches, and erisx may lose digital assets without any recourse. unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, in the event of loss or loss of utility value, there is no public insurer, such as the securities investor protection corporation or the fdic, to offer recourse to us, erisx, or to any investor and the misappropriated digital assets may not easily be traced to the bad actor.
further, when cryptocurrency custodial solutions (whether involving erisx systems or others) experience system failures or other operational issues, such events could result in a reduction in cryptocurrency prices or confidence and impact the success of erisx and have a material adverse effect on the ability of erisx to continue as a going concern, which may have an adverse effect on our business following the acquisition.
erisx's clearinghouse operations are exposed to risks, including credit, liquidity, market and other risks related to the potential defaults of clearing members and other counterparties.
erisx is subject to risks related to operating its clearinghouse, eris clearing, which is a derivatives clearing organization ("dco"), registered with the cftc. risks associated with the operation of eris clearing include failing to meet strict business continuity requirements and regulatory oversight, risks of default by clearing members and counterparties due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons, and the risks associated with the adequacy of participants' margin and guaranty funds. there is no guarantee the collateral deposited will continue to maintain its value, and the use of digital assets as collateral may introduce additional volatility in value. please also refer to the risk factors above for a discussion of other risks associated with the use of digital assets. these risks could subject erisx to substantial losses, reputational harm, regulatory consequences, including litigation, fines and enforcement actions, and the inability to operate its business.
item 7.      management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is provided to assist the reader in understanding the results of operations, liquidity and capital resources, and critical accounting estimates and policies through the eyes of our management team. the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the company and the notes thereto included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. the following discussion contains forward-looking statements. actual results could differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. see "risk factors" and "forward-looking statements" above.
a detailed comparison of the company's 2020 operating results to its 2019 operating results can be found in the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section in the company's 2020 annual report on form 10-k filed february 19, 2021 at www.sec.gov.
introduction management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is organized as follows:
●   executive summary - includes an overview of the company's business; a description of notable recent developments, current economic, competitive and regulatory trends relevant to our business; the company's current business strategy; and the company's primary sources of operating and non-operating revenues and expenses.

●   results of operations - includes an analysis of the company's 2021 and 2020 financial results and a discussion of any known events or trends which are likely to impact future results.

●   liquidity and capital resources - includes a discussion of the company's future cash requirements, capital resources, and financing arrangements.

●   critical accounting estimates - provides an explanation of accounting estimates which may have a significant impact on the company's financial results and the judgments, assumptions, and uncertainties associated with those estimates.

●   recent accounting pronouncements - includes an evaluation of recent accounting pronouncements and the potential impact of their future adoption on the company's financial results.

executive summary overview cboe global markets, inc. ("cboe" or "the company"), a leading provider of market infrastructure and tradable products, delivers cutting-edge trading, clearing and investment solutions to market participants around the world. the company is committed to operating a trusted, inclusive global marketplace, providing leading products, technology and data solutions that enable participants to define a sustainable financial future. cboe provides trading solutions and products in multiple asset classes, including equities, derivatives and fx, across north america, europe, and asia pacific.
cboe's subsidiaries include the largest options exchange and the third largest stock exchange operator in the u.s. in addition, the company operates one of the largest stock exchanges by value traded in europe, and owns euroccp, a leading pan-european equities and derivatives clearinghouse, bids trading, a leading block-trading ats by volume in the u.s., matchnow, a leading equities ats in canada, and cboe australia, an operator of trading venues in australia, and cboe japan, an operator of trading venues in japan. cboe also is a leading market globally for exchange-traded products ("etps") listings and trading.
the company is headquartered in chicago with offices in amsterdam, belfast, calgary, hong kong, kansas city, london, manila, new york, san francisco, sarasota springs, singapore, sydney, tokyo and toronto.
58
recent developments acquisition of bids holdings on december 31, 2020, the company completed the acquisition of bids holdings, which is included in the company's north american equities segment. bids holdings owns bids trading, a registered broker-dealer and the operator of the bids ats, the largest block-trading ats by volume in the u.s. the bids ats is not a registered national securities exchange or a facility thereof. the acquisition follows cboe and bids trading's successful partnership in europe, which began in 2016 with the creation of cboe lis for european equities block-trading. since its launch, cboe lis has grown to become one of the largest block-trading platforms in europe. bids trading's proven block-trading capability provides the company a foothold in the off-exchange segment of the u.s. equities market. additionally, bids trading's differentiated network of global buy-side investment managers and sell-side constituents provides the foundation for cboe to potentially build more off-exchange products and services in non-u.s. equities or options products and in geographies beyond the u.s.
acquisition of chi-x asia pacific on july 1, 2021, the company completed the acquisition of chi-x asia pacific holdings, ltd., a holding company of alternative market operators and providers of innovative market solutions. this acquisition provides the company with a single point of entry into two key capital markets, australia and japan, helps enable it to expand its global equities and market data business into the asia pacific region, bring other products and services to the region, and further expand access to its unique proprietary product suite in the region. the transaction closed on july 1, 2021 based upon the time zone of both the acquiree, chi-x asia pacific, and the acquiror, cboe worldwide holdings limited, a subsidiary of the company.
investment in trading technologies on october 31, 2021, the company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, became a limited partner of 7ridge investments 3 lp ("7ridge fund") in connection with 7ridge fund's planned acquisition of trading technologies international, inc. ("trading technologies"). on december 13, 2021, the company's subsidiary provided its financial commitment to 7ridge fund, and on december 21, 2021, 7ridge fund completed the acquisition of trading technologies. trading technologies is a global provider of next-generation professional trading software, connectivity and data solutions. the company is strategically aligned with trading technologies' vision of delivering a leading trading, connectivity and data network to the global trading community.
planned acquisition of erisx on october 20, 2021, the company announced it entered into a definitive agreement to acquire eris digital holdings, llc ("erisx"). erisx operates a u.s.-based digital asset spot market, a regulated futures exchange and a regulated clearinghouse. ownership of erisx presents a unique opportunity for the company to enter the digital asset spot and derivatives marketplaces through a digital-first platform developed with industry partners to focus on robust regulatory compliance, data and transparency. the transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2022; subject to regulatory review and other customary closing conditions.
planned acquisition of neo on november 15, 2021, the company announced it entered into a definitive agreement to acquire aequitas innovations, inc. ("neo"). neo is a fintech organization that is comprised of a fully registered tier-1 canadian securities exchange with a diverse product and services set ranging from corporate listings to cash equity trading. ownership of neo will help allow the company to provide a more fulsome canadian equities offering, operating the neo exchange, a national securities exchange with trading, listings, and other services, in addition to matchnow, the ats acquired by the company in 2020. the transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2022; subject to regulatory review and other customary closing conditions.
business segments the company reports five business segments: options, north american equities, europe and asia pacific, futures, and global fx. segment performance is primarily based on operating income (loss). the company has aggregated all of its corporate costs and eliminations, as well as other business ventures, within corporate items and eliminations;
59
however, operating expenses that relate to activities of a specific segment have been allocated to that segment. our management allocates resources, assesses performance and manages our business according to these segments:
options. the options segment includes options on market indices ("index options"), as well as on the stocks of individual corporations ("equity options"), and options on etps, such as exchange-traded funds ("etfs") and exchange-traded notes ("etns"), which are "multi-listed" options and listed on a non-exclusive basis. these options are eligible to trade on cboe options, c2, bzx, edgx, and other u.s. national security exchanges. cboe options is the company's primary options market and offers trading in listed options through a single system that integrates electronic trading and traditional open outcry trading on the cboe options trading floor in chicago. c2 options, bzx options, and edgx options are all-electronic options exchanges, and typically operate with different market models and fee structures than cboe options. the options segment also includes applicable market data revenue generated from the consolidated tape plans, the licensing of proprietary options market data, index licensing, and access and capacity services.
north american equities. the north american equities segment includes listed u.s. equities and etp transaction services that occur on fully electronic exchanges owned and operated by bzx, byx, edgx, and edga, equities transactions that occur on the bids trading platform, and canadian equities and other transaction services that occur on or through the matchnow ats. the north american equities segment also includes etp listings on bzx, the cboe global markets, inc. common stock listing, applicable market data revenue generated from the consolidated tape plans, the licensing of proprietary equities market data, routing services, and access and capacity services.
europe and asia pacific. the europe and asia pacific segment includes the pan-european listed equities and derivatives transaction services, etps, exchange-traded commodities, and international depository receipts that are hosted on mtfs operated by cboe europe equities (cboe europe and cboe nl) and cboe europe derivatives ("cedx"). it also includes the etp listings business on rms and clearing activities of euroccp, as well as the equities transaction services of cboe australia and cboe japan, each operators of trading venues in australia and japan. this segment was previously referred to as the european equities segment but was updated to the europe segment in the first quarter of 2021 as a result of the launch of cboe europe derivatives, a pan-european derivatives platform in september 2021. the segment was subsequently updated to europe and asia pacific to reflect the acquisition of chi-x asia pacific in july 2021. cboe europe operates lit and dark books, a periodic auctions book, and a large-in-scale ("lis") trading negotiation facility for uk symbols. cboe nl, launched in october 2019 and based in amsterdam, operates similar business functionality to that offered by cboe europe, and provides for trading only in european economic area ("eea") symbols. the new cboe europe derivatives venue offers futures and options based on cboe europe equity indices. this segment also includes cboe europe, cboe nl, cedx, cboe australia, and cboe japan revenue generated from the licensing of proprietary market data and from access and capacity services.
futures. the futures segment includes transaction services provided by the company's fully electronic futures exchange, cfe, which includes offerings for trading of vix futures and other futures products, the licensing of proprietary market data, as well as access and capacity services.
global fx. the global fx segment includes institutional fx trading services that occur on the cboe fx fully electronic trading platform, non-deliverable forward fx transactions ("ndfs") offered for execution on cboe sef and cboe swiss, as well as revenue generated from the licensing of proprietary market data and from access and capacity services.
general factors affecting results of operations in broad terms, our business performance is impacted by a number of drivers, including macroeconomic events affecting the risk and return of financial assets, investor sentiment, the regulatory environment for capital markets, geopolitical events, tax policies, central bank policies and changing technology, particularly in the financial services industry. we believe our future revenues and net income will continue to be influenced by a number of domestic and international economic trends, including:
●   trading volumes on our proprietary products such as vix options and futures and spx options;

●   trading volumes in listed equity securities, options, futures, and etps in north america, europe, and asia pacific, clearing volumes in listed equity securities and etps in europe, volumes in listed equity options, and volumes in institutional fx trading;

●   the demand for and pricing structure of the u.s. tape plan market data distributed by the securities information processors ("sips"), which determines the pool size of the industry market data revenue we receive based on our market share;

●   consolidation and expansion of our customers and competitors in the industry;

60
●   the demand for information about, or access to, our markets and products, which is dependent on the products we trade, our importance as a liquidity center, quality and integrity of our proprietary indices, and the quality and pricing of our data and access and capacity services;

●   continuing pressure in transaction fee pricing due to intense competition in the north american, european, and asia pacific markets;

●   significant fluctuations in foreign currency translation rates or weakened value of currencies; and

●   regulatory changes and obligations relating to market structure and increased capital requirements, and those which affect certain types of instruments, transactions, products, pricing structures, capital market participants or reporting or compliance requirements.

a number of significant structural, political and monetary issues and the covid-19 pandemic continue to confront the global economy, and instability could continue, resulting in an increased or subdued level of inflation, market volatility, supply chain constraints, changes in trading volumes and greater uncertainty. inflationary increases in our expenses, such as compensation inflation, may have an adverse effect on our financial results.
we continue to closely monitor developments around covid-19 and follow guidance provided by governmental and public health agencies. in response to covid-19, we have provided frequent communications to employees, customers, regulators, critical vendors, technology equipment suppliers, data and disaster recovery centers, and other service providers and instructed non-essential employees to work from home on a temporary basis, implemented travel restrictions, and temporarily suspended open outcry trading between march 13, 2020 and june 14, 2020, without any known significant disruptions to our business or control processes. we expect to continue to take further actions as necessary in response to addressing covid-19. our business and operations could be materially and adversely affected by the effects of covid-19, however, the extent to which our results could be affected by covid-19 largely depends on future developments which cannot be accurately predicted and are uncertain. further, changes in trading behavior, additional suspensions of open outcry trading, market disruptions and other future developments caused by the effects of covid-19 could impact trading volumes and the demand for our products, market data, and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows for fiscal year 2021 and could be material during any future period impacted either directly or indirectly by this pandemic.
components of revenues transaction and clearing fees transaction fees represent fees charged by the company for the performance obligation of executing a trade on its markets. these fees can be variable based on trade volume tiered discounts; however, as all tiered discounts are calculated monthly, the actual discount is recorded on a monthly basis. transaction fees are recognized across all segments. clearing fees, which include settlement fees, are charged by the company for transactions cleared and settled by euroccp. clearing fees can be variable based on trade volume tiered discounts; however, as all tiered discounts are calculated monthly, the actual discount is recorded on a monthly basis. clearing fees are recognized in the europe and asia pacific segment. transaction and clearing fees, as well as any tiered volume discounts, are calculated and billed monthly in accordance with the company's published fee schedules.
access and capacity fees access and capacity fees represent fees assessed for the opportunity to trade, including fees for trading-related functionality across all segments, terminal and other equipment rights, maintenance services, trading floor space and telecommunications services. facilities, systems services and other fees are generally monthly fee-based. these fees are billed monthly in accordance with the company's published fee schedules and recognized on a monthly basis when the performance obligation is met. all access and capacity fees associated with the trading floor are recognized in the options segment. there is no remaining performance obligation after revenue is recognized.
market data fees market data fees represent the fees from the u.s. tape plans and fees from customers for proprietary market data. fees from the u.s. tape plans are collected monthly based on published fee schedules and distributed quarterly to the exchanges based on a known formula using trading and/or quoting activity. a contract for proprietary market data is entered into and charged on a monthly basis in accordance with the company's published fee schedules as the service is provided. both types of market data are satisfied over time, and revenue is recognized on a monthly basis as the customer receives and consumes the benefit as the company provides the data. u.s. tape plan market data is
61
recognized in the north american equities and options segments. proprietary market data fees are recognized across all segments.
regulatory fees regulatory fees primarily represent fees collected by the company to cover the section 31 fees charged to the exchanges under the authority of the sec (cboe options, c2, bzx, byx, edgx, and edga) and are charged by the sec. consistent with industry practice, the fees charged to customers are based on the fee set by the sec per notional value of u.s. equities exchange transactions and per round turn of options transactions executed on the company's u.s. securities markets. these fees are calculated and billed monthly and are recognized in the north american equities and options segments. as the exchanges are responsible for the ultimate payment to the sec, the exchanges are considered the principals in these transactions. regulatory fees also include the options regulatory fee ("orf") which supports the company's regulatory oversight function in the options segment, along with other miscellaneous regulatory fees, and neither can be used for non-regulatory purposes. the orf and miscellaneous fees are recognized when the performance obligation is fulfilled.
other revenue other revenue primarily consists of revenue from various licensing agreements, interest income from clearing operations, all fees related to the trade reporting facility operated in the europe and asia pacific segment, and listing fees.
components of cost of revenues liquidity payments liquidity payments are directly correlated to the volume of securities traded on our markets. as stated above, we record the liquidity rebates paid to market participants providing liquidity, in the case of c2, bzx, edgx, and cboe europe, as cost of revenue. byx and edga offer a pricing model where we rebate liquidity takers for executing against an order resting on our book, which is also recorded as a cost of revenues.
routing and clearing various rules require that u.s. options and equities trade executions occur at the nbbo displayed by any exchange. linkage order routing consists of the cost incurred to provide a service whereby cboe equities and options exchanges deliver orders to other execution venues when there is a potential for obtaining a better execution price or when instructed to directly route an order to another venue by the order provider. the service affords exchange order flow providers an opportunity to obtain the best available execution price and may also result in cost benefits to those clients. such an offering improves our competitive position and provides an opportunity to attract orders which would otherwise bypass our exchanges. we utilize third-party brokers or our broker-dealer, cboe trading, to facilitate such delivery. also included within routing and clearing are the order management system and execution management system ("oms" and "ems", respectively) fees incurred for u.s. equities off-exchange order execution, as well as settlement costs incurred for the settlement process executed by euroccp.
section 31 fees exchanges under the authority of the sec (cboe options, c2, bzx, byx, edgx, and edga) are assessed fees pursuant to the exchange act designed to recover the costs to the u.s. government of supervision and regulation of securities markets and securities professionals. we treat these fees as a pass-through charge to customers executing eligible listed equities and listed equity options trades. accordingly, we recognize the amount that we are charged under section 31 as a cost of revenues and the corresponding amount that we charge our customers as regulatory transaction fees revenue. since the regulatory transaction fees recorded in revenues are equal to the section 31 fees recorded in cost of revenues, there is no impact on our operating income. cfe, cboe europe, cboe nl, bids, matchnow, cboe fx, cboe australia and cboe japan are not u.s. national securities exchanges, and accordingly are not charged section 31 fees.
62
royalty fees royalty fees primarily consist of license fees paid by us for the use of underlying indices in our proprietary products usually based on contracts traded. the company has licenses with the owners of the s&p 500 index, s&p 100 index and certain other s&p indices, ftse russell indices, the djia, msci, and certain other index products. this category also includes fees related to the dissemination of market data related to s&p indices and other products through cboe streaming market indices ("csmi").
other cost of revenues other cost of revenues primarily consists of interest expense from clearing operations, electronic access permit fees and other miscellaneous costs associated with other revenue.
components of operating expenses compensation and benefits compensation and benefits represent our largest expense category and tend to be driven by our staffing requirements, financial performance, and the general dynamics of the employment market. stock-based compensation is a non-cash expense related to equity awards. stock-based compensation can vary depending on the quantity and fair value of the award on the date of grant and the related service period.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense results from the depreciation of long-lived assets purchased, the amortization of purchased and internally developed software, and the amortization of intangible assets.
technology support services technology support services consists primarily of costs related to the maintenance of computer equipment supporting our system architecture, circuits supporting our wide area network, support for production software, operating system license and support fees, fees paid to information vendors for displaying data and off-site system hosting fees.
professional fees and outside services professional fees and outside services consist primarily of consulting services, which include supplemental staff activities primarily related to systems development and maintenance, legal, regulatory and audit, and tax advisory services.
travel and promotional expenses travel and promotional expenses primarily consist of advertising, costs for special events, sponsorship of industry conferences, options education seminars and travel-related expenses.
facilities costs facilities costs primarily consist of expenses related to owned and leased properties including rent, maintenance, utilities, real estate taxes and telecommunications costs.
acquisition-related costs acquisition-related costs relate to acquisitions and other strategic opportunities, including the merger. the acquisition-related costs include fees for investment banking advisors, lawyers, accountants, tax advisors, public relations firms, severance and retention costs, impairment of goodwill, capitalized software and facilities, and other external costs directly related to the mergers and acquisitions.
63
other expenses other expenses represent costs necessary to support our operations that are not already included in the above categories.
non-operating (expenses) income income and expenses incurred through activities outside of our core operations are considered non-operating and are classified as other (expense) income. these activities primarily include interest earned on the investing of excess cash, interest expense related to outstanding debt facilities, dividend income, income and unrealized gains and losses related to investments held in a trust for the company's non-qualified retirement and benefit plans, and equity earnings or losses from our investments in other business ventures.
results of operations the following are summaries of changes in financial performance and include certain non-gaap financial measures. management uses these non-gaap measures internally in conjunction with gaap measures to help evaluate our performance and to help make financial and operational decisions. these non-gaap financial measures assist management in comparing our performance on a consistent basis for purposes of business decision making by removing the impact of certain items management believes do not reflect our underlying operations.
we believe our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency into financial measures used by management and is useful to investors for period-to-period comparisons of our ongoing operating performance.
these non-gaap financial measures are not presented in accordance with, or as an alternative to, gaap financial measures and may be calculated differently from non-gaap measures used by other companies, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures. we encourage analysts, investors and other interested parties to use these non-gaap measures as supplemental information to the gaap financial measures included herein, including our consolidated financial statements, to enhance their analysis and understanding of our performance and in making comparisons. please see the footnotes below for definitions, additional information, and reconciliations from the closest gaap measure.
64
comparison of years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020
overview the following summarizes changes in financial performance for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the year ended december 31, 2020:
(1)   these are non-gaap figures for which reconciliations are provided below (in millions, except percentages, earnings per share, and as noted below).


year ended december 31,                               increase/             percent
2021                                2020       (decrease)             change total revenues                                    $3,494.8              $3,427.1             $67.7                       2   %
total cost of revenues                                   2,018.7               2,172.8               (154.1)           (7)   %
revenues less cost of revenues                           1,476.1               1,254.3                 221.8            18   %
total operating expenses                                   670.2                 592.1                  78.1            13   %
operating income                                           805.9                 662.2                 143.7            22   %
income before income tax provision                         756.1                 660.4                  95.7            14   %
income tax provision                                       227.1                 192.2                  34.9            18   %
net income                                        $529.0                $468.2               $60.8                      13   %
basic earnings per share                          $4.93                 $4.28                $0.65                      15   %
diluted earnings per share                                  4.92                  4.27                  0.65            15   %
organic net revenue (1)                           $1,393.3              $1,254.3             $139.0                     11   %
ebitda (2)                                        $969.2                $855.3               $113.9                     13   %
ebitda margin (3)                                 65.7              %   68.2             %             (2.5)   %             *
adjusted ebitda (2)                               $987.1                $874.6               $112.5                     13   %
adjusted ebitda margin (4)                        66.9              %   69.7             %             (2.8)   %             *
adjusted earnings (5)                             $648.8                $576.5               $72.3                      13   %
adjusted earnings margin (5)                                44.0    %             46.0   %             (2.0)   %             *
diluted weighted average shares outstanding                107.2                 109.3                 (2.1)           (2)   %
adjusted diluted earnings per share (6)           $6.05                 $5.27                $0.78                      15   %
* not meaningful
65
(1)   organic net revenue is defined as revenues less cost of revenues excluding revenues less cost of revenues of any acquisition that has been owned for less than one year. revenues from acquisitions that have been owned at least one year are considered organic and are no longer excluded from organic net revenue from either period for comparative purposes. organic net revenue does not represent, and should not be considered as, an alternative to revenues less cost of revenues, or net revenue, as determined in accordance with gaap. we have presented organic net revenue because we consider it an important supplemental measure of our performance and we use it as the basis for monitoring our operating financial performance before the effects of acquisitions. we also believe that it is frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies. we believe that investors may find this non-gaap measure useful in evaluating our performance compared to that of peer companies in our industry. other companies may calculate organic net revenue differently than we do. organic net revenue has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under gaap.


year ended december 31,
2021               2020
revenues less cost of revenues               $1,476.1           $1,254.3
recent acquisitions:
acquisition revenues less cost of revenues   $(82.8)            $-
organic net revenue                          $1,393.3           $1,254.3
(2)   ebitda is defined as income before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. adjusted ebitda is defined as ebitda before acquisition-related costs, provision for notes receivable, bargain purchase gain, impairment of investment, and change in contingent consideration. ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not represent, and should not be considered as, alternatives to net income as determined in accordance with gaap. we have presented ebitda and adjusted ebitda because we consider them important supplemental measures of our performance and believe that they are frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies. in addition, we use adjusted ebitda as a measure of operating performance for preparation of our forecasts and evaluating our leverage ratio for the debt to earnings covenant included in our outstanding credit facility. other companies may calculate ebitda and adjusted ebitda differently than we do. ebitda and adjusted ebitda have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under gaap.

(3)   ebitda margin represents ebitda divided by revenues less cost of revenues.

(4)   adjusted ebitda margin represents adjusted ebitda divided by revenues less cost of revenues.

(5)   adjusted earnings is defined as net income adjusted for amortization of purchased intangibles, acquisition-related costs, provision for notes receivable, bargain purchase gain, impairment of investment, change in contingent consideration, release of tax reserves, deferred tax re-measurements, and net income allocated to participating securities, net of the income tax effects of these adjustments. adjusted earnings does not represent, and should not be considered as, an alternative to net income, as determined in accordance with gaap. we have presented adjusted earnings because we consider it an important supplemental measure of our performance and we use it as the basis for monitoring our own core operating financial performance relative to other operators of exchanges. we also believe that it is frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies. we believe that investors may find this non-gaap measure useful in evaluating our performance compared to that of peer companies in our industry. other companies may calculate adjusted earnings differently than we do. adjusted earnings has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under gaap.

(6)   adjusted diluted earnings per share represents adjusted earnings divided by diluted weighted average shares outstanding.

66
the following is a reconciliation of net income (loss) allocated to common stockholders to ebitda and adjusted ebitda (in millions):

year ended december 31,
2021
options         north american equities         europe and asia pacific         futures       global fx         corporate                  total net income (loss) allocated to common stockholders          $364.7                          $133.5                           $18.6           $34.9       $2.6              $(27.0)                   $527.3
interest expense, net                                            -                               -                            12.4               -              -          35.0                        47.4
income tax provision (benefit)                               171.3                            22.1                            26.5            30.9              -                 (23.7)              227.1
depreciation and amortization                                 29.4                            75.7                            35.1             2.9       24.3                     -                   167.4
ebitda                                                       565.4                           231.3                            92.6            68.7       26.9                     (15.7)              969.2
acquisition-related costs                                      0.3                             2.8                             1.4               -              -          11.1                        15.6
impairment of investment                                         -                               -                               -               -              -                 5.0                   5.0
change in contingent consideration                               -                           (2.7)                               -               -              -                 -                   (2.7)
adjusted ebitda                                             $565.7                          $231.4                           $94.0           $68.7       $26.9             $0.4                      $987.1
year ended december 31,
2020
options         north american equities         europe and asia pacific         futures       global fx         corporate                  total net income (loss) allocated to common stockholders          $278.6                          $132.0                           $46.7           $25.4       $5.8              $(21.5)                   $467.0
interest expense, net                                            -                               -                             6.9               -              -          30.7                        37.6
income tax provision (benefit)                               151.8                            27.3                            12.4            28.3              -                 (27.6)              192.2
depreciation and amortization                                 30.9                            68.7                            29.1             3.2       26.6                     -                   158.5
ebitda                                                       461.3                           228.0                            95.1            56.9       32.4                     (18.4)              855.3
acquisition-related costs                                     12.9                            15.1                               -               -              -          17.2                        45.2
provision for notes receivable                                 1.7                             5.0                               -               -              -                 -                     6.7
bargain purchase gain                                            -                               -                          (32.0)               -              -                 (0.6)              (32.6)
adjusted ebitda                                             $475.9                          $248.1                           $63.1           $56.9       $32.4             $(1.8)                    $874.6
the following is a reconciliation of net income allocated to common stockholders to adjusted earnings (in millions):

year ended december 31,
2021                                2020
net income allocated to common stockholders            $527.3                 $467.0
amortization                                           126.6                  124.7
acquisition-related costs                              15.6                   45.2
provision for notes receivable                                     -          6.7
bargain purchase gain                                              -                 (32.6)
impairment of investment                                         5.0                      -
change in contingent consideration                             (2.7)                      -
tax effect of adjustments                                     (31.8)                 (38.0)
release of tax reserves                                        (5.4)                      -
deferred tax re-measurements                                    14.6                    4.1
net income allocated to participating securities               (0.4)                  (0.6)
adjusted earnings                                      $648.8                 $576.5
67
the following summarizes changes in certain operational and financial metrics for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020:
68
the following table includes operational and financial metrics for our options, north american equities, europe and asia pacific, futures, and global fx segments. the metrics listed for canadian equities, euroccp, bids trading, australian equities, and japanese equities in the table below are included as a result of acquisitions completed during 2020 and 2021. therefore, the table does not include results from the periods preceding each acquisition for the applicable metrics. the following summarizes changes in certain operational and financial metrics for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the year ended december 31, 2020.

year ended december 31,                                           increase/                   percent
2021                                       2020            (decrease)                  change
(in millions, except percentages, trading days, and as noted below)
options:
average daily volume (adv) (in millions of contracts):
market adv                                                                                      39.2                       29.5                         9.7            33        %
total touched contracts (1)                                                         12.1                                   10.1                         2.0                 20   %
index contract adv                                                                  2.0                                     1.8                         0.2                 11   %
multi-listed contract adv                                                                       10.1                        8.3                         1.8            22        %
number of trading days                                                                           252                        253                         (1)            (0)       %
total options revenue per contract (rpc) (2)                                        $0.192                      $0.193                     $(0.001)                    (1)       %
multi-listed options rpc (2)                                                                   0.067                      0.057                       0.010                 18   %
index options rpc (2)                                                                          0.832                      0.819                       0.013                  2   %
total options market share                                                                      30.8        %              34.3        %              (3.5)        %             *
multi-listed options market share                                                               27.1        %              30.0        %              (2.9)        %             *
index options market share                                                                      98.7        %              99.2        %              (0.5)        %             *
north american equities:
u.s. equities:
u.s. equities - exchange:
adv:
total touched shares (in billions) (1)                                              1.7                         1.8                                   (0.1)            (6)       %
market adv (in billions)                                                            11.4                        10.9                       0.5                               5   %
market share                                                                                    14.2        %              15.8        %              (1.6)        %             *
u.s. equities (net capture per one hundred touched shares) (3)                      $0.020                      $0.021                     $(0.001)                    (5)       %
u.s. etps: launches (number of launches)                                            117                         114                        3                                 3   %
u.s. etps: listings (number of listings)                                            539                         437                        102                              23   %
u.s. equities - off-exchange (3):
adv:
total touched shares (in millions) (1)                                                          83.0                          -                          83            -         %
u.s. equities - off-exchange (net capture per one hundred touched shares) (5)       $0.120                      $-                         $0.120                      -         %
trading days                                                                                     252                        253                         (1)            -         %
canadian equities:
adv (matched shares, in millions) (6)                                                           49.4                       43.1                         6.3            15        %
trading days                                                                                     251                        104                         147            141       %
net capture (per 10,000 touched shares, in canadian dollars) (7)                               7.822                      8.264                     (0.442)            (5)       %
europe and asia pacific:
european equities:
adnv:
matched adnv (in billions) (8)                                                      €            7.7            €           6.9            €            0.8                 12   %
market adnv (in billions)                                                                       42.6                       40.1                         2.5                  6   %
trading days                                                                        258                         258                                       -            -         %
market share                                                                                    18.1        %              17.2        %                0.9        %             *
net capture (per matched notional value in basis points) (9)                                   0.267                      0.249                       0.018                  7   %
euroccp:
trades cleared (10)                                                                          1,244.2                      545.5                       698.7            128       %
fee per trade cleared (11)                                                          €          0.011            €         0.011            €              -            -         %
net settlement volume (12)                                                                       9.9                        4.1                         5.8            141       %
net fee per settlement (13)                                                         €          0.871            €         0.811            €          0.060            7         %
australian equities:
adnv (aud billions)                                                                 $0.8                        $-                         $0.8                        -         %
trading days                                                                                     130                          -                         130            -         %
market share - continuous                                                                       15.9        %                 -        %               15.9        %             *
net capture (per matched notional value in basis points) (14)                                  0.172                          -                       0.172            -         %
japanese equities:
adnv (jpy billions)                                                                 ¥          100.1            ¥             -            ¥          100.1            -         %
trading days                                                                                     123                          -                         123            -         %
market share - lit continuous                                                                    2.7        %                 -        %                2.7        %             *
net capture (per matched notional value in basis points) (15)                                  0.361                          -                       0.361            -         %
futures:
adv (in thousands)                                                                             230.4                      200.6                        29.8            15        %
trading days                                                                                     252                        253                         (1)            (0)       %
revenue per contract                                                                $1.641                      $1.665                     $(0.024)                    (1)       %
global fx:
adnv (in billions)                                                                  $33.9                       $34.7                      $(0.8)                      (2)       %
trading days                                                                        260                         260                                       -            -         %
global fx (net capture per one million dollars traded) (16)                                     2.73                       2.70                        0.03                  1   %
average british pound/u.s. dollar exchange rate                                     $1.375                      $1.283                     $0.092                            7   %
average canadian dollar/u.s. dollar exchange rate                                   $0.798                      $0.746                     $0.052                      7         %
average euro/u.s. dollar exchange rate                                              $1.183                      $1.141                     $0.042                      4         %
average euro/british pound exchange rate                                            £          0.860            £         0.889            £        (0.029)            (3)       %
average australian dollar/u.s. dollar exchange rate                                 $0.726                      $-                         $0.726                      -         %
average japanese yen/u.s. dollar exchange rate                                      $0.009                      $-                         $0.009                      -         %
* not meaningful
69
(1)   touched volume represents the total number of shares of equity securities and etfs internally matched on our exchanges or routed to and executed on an external market center.

(2)   average revenue per contract, for options and futures represents total net transaction fees recognized for the period divided by total contracts traded during the period.

(3)   net capture per one hundred touched shares refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments and routing and clearing costs divided by the product of one-hundredth adv of touched shares on bzx, byx, edgx, and edga and the number of trading days.

(4)   u.s. equities - off-exchange data reflects cboe's acquisition of bids trading, effective december 31, 2020.

(5)   net capture per 100 touched shares refers to transaction fees less order and execution management system (oms/ems) fees and clearing costs divided by the product of one-hundredth adv of touched shares on bids trading and the number of trading days for the period.

(6)   matched volume represents the total number of shares of equity securities and etfs activity executed on our exchanges.

(7)   net capture per 10,000 touched shares refers to transaction fees divided by the product of one-ten thousandth adv of shares for matchnow and the number of trading days.

(8)   matched adnv represents the average daily notional value of shares or contracts executed on our exchanges.

(9)   net capture per matched notional value refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in british pounds divided by the product of adnv in british pounds of shares matched on cboe europe equities and derivatives and the number of trading days.

(10)   trades cleared refers to the total number of non-interoperable trades cleared.

(11)   fee per trade cleared refers to clearing fees divided by number of non-interoperable trades cleared.

(12)   net settlement volume refers to the total number of settlements executed after netting.

(13)   net fee per settlement refers to settlement fees less direct costs incurred to settle divided by the number of settlements executed after netting.

(14)   net capture per matched notional value refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in australian dollars divided by the product of adnv in australian dollars of shares matched on cboe australia and the number of australian equities trading days.

(15)   net capture per matched notional value refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in japanese yen divided by the product of adnv in japanese yen of shares matched on cboe japan and the number of japanese equities trading days.

(16)   net capture per one million dollars traded refers to net transaction fees less liquidity payments, if any, divided by the spot and sef products of one-thousandth of adnv traded on the cboe fx markets and the number of trading days, divided by two, which represents the buyer and seller that are both charged on the transaction.

70
revenues total revenues for the year ended december 31, 2021 increased $67.7 million, or 2%, compared to the prior period primarily due to a $275.1 million, or 11%, increase in transaction and clearing fees as a result of increased volumes traded on the options exchanges and additional revenues attributable to acquisitions made in 2020 and 2021, partially offset by a decrease in regulatory fees as a result of a decline in the section 31 fee rate. the following summarizes changes in revenues for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 (in millions, except percentages):

year ended december 31,                           increase/             percent
2021                            2020       (decrease)             change transaction and clearing fees       $2,693.1            $2,418.0           $275.1                     11   %
access and capacity fees            280.7               236.7              44.0                       19   %
market data fees                           252.1               232.0                  20.1             9   %
regulatory fees                            208.3               500.2               (291.9)          (58)   %
other revenue                               60.6                40.2                  20.4            51   %
total revenues                      $3,494.8            $3,427.1           $67.7                       2   %
transaction and clearing fees transaction and clearing fees increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to a 33% increase in overall options market adv, including a 22% increase in multi-listed options adv, additional transaction and clearing fees attributed to euroccp and bids, which the company acquired in the third quarter of 2020 and the end of the fourth quarter of 2020, respectively, and a 12% increase in european equities matched adnv.
access and capacity fees access and capacity fees increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to increases in subscribers which results in an increase in logical port revenue across the options, europe and asia pacific, and north american equities segments, coupled with an increase in physical port revenue in the north american equities and options segments.
market data fees market data fees increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to an increase in subscribers and additional revenue attributed to chi-x asia pacific, which the company acquired in the third quarter of 2021.
regulatory fees regulatory fees decreased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to a decrease in section 31 fees as the result of a 64% decline in the section 31 fee rate, from an average rate of $21.90 per million dollars of covered sales in 2020 to an average rate of $7.80 per million dollars of covered sales in 2021.
other revenue other revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to additional interest income from euroccp, as well as an increase in trade reporting revenue within the europe and asia pacific segment.
71
cost of revenues cost of revenues decreased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to lower section 31 fees as a result of a decline in the section 31 fee rate, partially offset by higher liquidity payments as a result of increased volumes traded on the options exchanges. the following summarizes changes in cost of revenues for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 (in millions, except percentages):

year ended december 31,                           increase/             percent
2021                            2020       (decrease)            change liquidity payments         $1,650.7            $1,554.1           $96.6                 6         %
routing and clearing       87.8                70.4               17.4                  25        %
section 31 fees                   179.6               465.0               (285.4)       (61)      %
royalty fees                       86.3                83.4               2.9           3         %
other                      14.3                       (0.1)       14.4                            *
total                      $2,018.7            $2,172.8           $(154.1)              (7)       %
* not meaningful liquidity payments liquidity payments increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to an increase in volumes traded on the options exchanges.
routing and clearing the increase in routing and clearing fees for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 was primarily due to an increase in routing and clearing fees attributed to euroccp and bids, partially offset by a decrease in routed shares on the u.s. equities exchanges.
section 31 fees section 31 fees decreased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to a 64% decline in the section 31 fee rate, from an average rate of $21.90 per million dollars of covered sales in 2020 to an average rate of $7.80 per million dollars of covered sales in 2021.
royalty fees royalty fees increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to an increase in trading volume in licensed products and increased fees related to the dissemination of market data through csmi, partially offset by a decline in fees from pulse, which was decommissioned in the fourth quarter of 2020.
other cost of revenues other cost of revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to additional interest expense from euroccp.
revenues less cost of revenues revenues less cost of revenues increased $221.8 million, or 18%, for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to a $161.1 million, or 20%, increase in transaction and clearing fees less liquidity payments and routing and clearing costs, coupled with increases in access and capacity fees and market data fees.
72
the following summarizes the components of revenues less cost of revenues for the year ended december 31, 2021, presented as a percentage of revenues less cost of revenues and compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 (in millions, except percentages):

percentage of revenues less cost of revenues year ended                                                      year ended december 31,                             percent              december 31,
2021                              2020       change    2021        2020
transaction and clearing fees less liquidity payments and routing and clearing costs       $954.6               $793.5              20        %      65   %        63   %
access and capacity fees                                                                   280.7                236.7               19        %      19   %        19   %
market data fees                                                                                   252.1                232.0       9         %      17   %        18   %
regulatory fees, less section 31 fees                                                               28.7                 35.2       (18)      %       2   %         3   %
royalty fees                                                                                      (86.3)               (83.4)       (3)       %     (6)   %       (7)   %
other                                                                                               46.3                 40.3       15        %       3   %         3   %
revenues less cost of revenues                                                             $1,476.1             $1,254.3            18        %     100   %       100   %
transaction and clearing fees less liquidity payments and routing and clearing costs transaction and clearing fees less liquidity payments and routing and clearing costs ("net transaction and clearing fees") increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to a 33% increase in overall options market adv, additional net transaction and clearing fees attributed to bids and euroccp, and a 12% increase in european equities matched adnv, partially offset by a 5% decrease in net capture on the u.s. equities exchanges.
access and capacity fees access and capacity fees increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to an increase in logical port revenue across the options, europe and asia pacific, and north american equities segments, coupled with an increase in physical port revenue in the north american equities and options segments.
market data fees market data fees increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to an increase in subscribers and additional revenue attributed to chi-x asia pacific.
regulatory fees, less section 31 fees regulatory fees, less section 31 fees, decreased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to a decline in the orf rate effective august 2, 2021, coupled with a decrease in fines and assessment fees.
royalty fees royalty fees increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to an increase in trading volume in licensed products and increased fees related to the dissemination of market data through csmi, partially offset by a decline in fees from pulse, which was decommissioned in the fourth quarter of 2020.
other other revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to additional net interest income from euroccp, as well as an increase in trade reporting revenue within the europe and asia pacific segment.
73
operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, total operating expenses increased primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits, professional fees and outside services, and technology support services, partially offset by a decline in acquisition-related costs. the following summarizes changes in operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 (in millions, except percentages):

year ended december 31,            increase/       percent
2021                      2020           (decrease)        change compensation and benefits                       $288.5           $224.9                $63.6            28   %
depreciation and amortization                    167.4            158.5                  8.9             6   %
technology support services                       66.7             54.5                 12.2            22   %
professional fees and outside services            83.7             60.6                 23.1            38   %
travel and promotional expenses                    9.7              6.6                  3.1            47   %
facilities costs                                  22.2             17.6                  4.6            26   %
acquisition-related costs                         15.6             45.2               (29.6)          (65)   %
other expenses                                    16.4             24.2                (7.8)          (32)   %
total operating expenses                        $670.2           $592.1                $78.1            13   %
compensation and benefits compensation and benefits increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to a $62.4 million increase in salaries, wages, bonuses, and benefits, driven by a $30.9 million increase in compensation and benefits expense related to acquisitions made in 2020 and 2021, as well as a $30.5 million increase in compensation and benefits expense related to increased headcount excluding acquisitions, partially offset by a $3.7 million increase in capitalized wages due to an increase in software projects eligible for capitalization.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to an increase in depreciation and amortization expense resulting from acquisitions made in 2020 and 2021, coupled with an increase in leasehold improvements related to the new headquarters location, partially offset by a decline in amortization under the discounted cash flow method for the intangibles acquired in the bats acquisition.
technology support services technology support services costs increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to increased market data support services fees, data center hosting, network and phone connectivity support services fees, and hardware maintenance fees related to acquisitions made in 2020 and 2021.
professional fees and outside services professional and outside services fees increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to increases in legal fees of $7.8 million driven by additional litigation fees and higher general legal fees, regulatory fees of $5.4 million driven by rising cat costs, $3.7 million in contract services, and $2.4 million in consulting fees in connection with acquisitions made in 2020 and 2021.
travel and promotional expenses travel and promotional expenses increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to an increase in marketing and advertising expenses attributable to promotional efforts.
facilities costs facilities costs increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to an increase in rent expense related to the new headquarters building, additional office locations due to acquisitions made in 2020 and 2021, and the new trading floor location.
74
acquisition-related costs acquisition-related costs decreased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to a decrease in overall acquisition activity, partially offset by the $11.0 million write-off of the company's investment in signal trading systems, llc in the fourth quarter of 2020, coupled with the $8.1 million facilities-related impairment charge in the second quarter of 2020.
other expenses other expenses decreased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to a $6.7 million provision for notes receivable recorded in the third quarter of 2020, related to the cat, as well as a gain on change in contingent consideration related to matchnow recorded in the fourth quarter of 2021, partially offset by increases in taxes, licenses, permits, and training and education expenses.
operating income as a result of the items above, operating income for the year ended december 31, 2021 was $805.9 million, compared to $662.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $143.7 million, or 22%.
interest expense, net net interest expense increased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to commitment fees related to the euroccp credit facility, which was entered into in july 2020 and subsequently amended and restated in july 2021, as well as additional interest expense related to the 1.625% senior notes issued in the fourth quarter of 2020.
other (expense) income, net net other (expense) income decreased for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to the $32.6 million bargain purchase gain related to the euroccp acquisition recorded in the third quarter of 2020, coupled with a $5.0 million impairment on investment recorded in the third quarter of 2021.
income before income tax provision as a result of the above, income before income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2021 was $756.1 million compared to $660.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $95.7 million, or 14%.
income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2021, the income tax provision was $227.1 million compared to $192.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $34.9 million, primarily due to the increase in income before income tax provision and a higher effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2021. the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2021 was 30.0%, compared to a rate of 29.1% for the year ended december 31, 2020.
net income as a result of the items above, net income for the year ended december 31, 2021 was $529.0 million, or 36% of revenues less cost of revenues, compared to $468.2 million, or 37% of revenues less cost of revenues, for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $60.8 million, or 13%.
75
segment operating results we report results from our five segments: options, north american equities, europe and asia pacific, futures, and global fx. segment performance is primarily based on operating income (loss). we have aggregated all corporate costs, as well as other business ventures, within corporate items and eliminations as those activities should not be used to evaluate a segment's operating performance. all operating expenses that relate to activities of a specific segment have been allocated to that segment.
the following summarizes our total revenues by segment (in millions, except percentages):

percentage of total revenues year ended                                                year ended december 31,                               percent        december 31,
2021                                2020       change    2021        2020
options                       $1,505.0              $1,330.1             13        %    43     %      39     %
north american equities              1,570.5               1,789.5       (12)      %    45     %      52     %
europe and asia pacific       240.3                 140.5                71        %    7      %      4      %
futures                       120.6                 109.2                10        %    3      %      3      %
global fx                               58.1               57.8          1         %    2      %      2      %
corporate                                0.3               -                       *    -      %      -      %
total revenues                $3,494.8              $3,427.1             2         %    100    %      100    %
* not meaningful
76
the following summarizes our revenues less cost of revenues by segment (in millions, except percentages):

percentage of total revenues less cost of revenues year ended                                          year ended december 31,                         percent        december 31,
2021                          2020       change    2021           2020
options                                    $755.0             $649.7            16        %    51        %         52        %
north american equities                    362.5              326.6             11        %    25        %         26        %
europe and asia pacific                    183.9              114.4             61        %    12        %         9         %
futures                                    116.8              105.8             10        %    8         %         8         %
global fx                                         57.6               57.8       (0)       %    4         %         5         %
corporate                                          0.3               -                    *    -         %         -         %
total revenues less cost of revenues       $1,476.1           $1,254.3          18        %    100       %         100       %
* not meaningful
77
options the following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, ebitda and ebitda margin for our options segment (in millions, except percentages):

percentage of total revenues year ended                                                   year ended december 31,                              percent            december 31,
2021                 2020                     change        2021             2020
revenues less cost of revenues       $755.0                $649.7              16        %        50    %           49    %
operating expenses                   217.0                 219.3               (1)       %        14    %           16    %
operating income                     $538.0                $430.4              25        %        36    %           32    %
ebitda (1)                           $565.4                $461.3              23        %        38    %           35    %
ebitda margin (2)                    74.9        %         71.0        %       *                  *                 *
* not meaningful
(1)   see footnote (2) to the table under "overview" above for a reconciliation of net income to ebitda, and management's reasons for using such non-gaap measures.

(2)   ebitda margin represents ebitda divided by revenues less cost of revenues.

revenues less cost of revenues increased $105.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily due to a 22% increase in multi-listed options adv, coupled with an 11% increase in index options adv and an 18% increase in multi-listed options rpc. for the year ended december 31, 2021, operating income increased $107.6 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily due to an increase in revenues less cost of revenues. operating expenses decreased $2.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily due to a decrease in acquisition-related costs, partially offset by increases in compensation and benefits, facilities costs, and travel and promotional expenses.
north american equities the following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, ebitda and ebitda margin for our north american equities segment (in millions, except percentages):

percentage of total revenues year ended                                                   year ended december 31,                              percent            december 31,
2021                 2020                     change        2021             2020
revenues less cost of revenues       $362.5                $326.6              11        %        23    %           18    %
operating expenses                   206.4                 167.1               24        %        13    %           9     %
operating income                     $156.1                $159.5              (2)       %        10    %           9     %
ebitda (1)                           $231.3                $228.0              1         %        15    %           13    %
ebitda margin (2)                    63.8        %         69.8        %       *                  *                 *
*      not meaningful
(1)   see footnote (2) to the table under "overview" above for a reconciliation of net income to ebitda, and management's reasons for using such non-gaap measures.

(2)   ebitda margin represents ebitda divided by revenues less cost of revenues.

revenues less cost of revenues increased $35.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily due to additional revenue attributed to bids. for the year ended december 31, 2021, operating income decreased $3.4 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 due to an increase in operating expenses, partially offset by an increase in revenues less cost of revenues. operating expenses increased $39.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits and professional fees and outside services, partially offset by decreases in acquisition-related costs and other expenses.
78
europe and asia pacific the following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, ebitda and ebitda margin for our europe and asia pacific segment (in millions, except percentages):

percentage of total revenues year ended                                                   year ended december 31,                              percent            december 31,
2021                 2020                     change        2021             2020
revenues less cost of revenues       $183.9                $114.4              61        %        77    %           81    %
operating expenses                   127.9                 80.9                58        %        53    %           58    %
operating income                     $56.0                 $33.5               67        %        23    %           24    %
ebitda (1)                           $92.6                 $95.1               (3)       %        39    %           68    %
ebitda margin (2)                    50.4        %         83.1        %       *                  *                 *
*     not meaningful
(1)   see footnote (2) to the table under "overview" above for a reconciliation of net income to ebitda, and management's reasons for using such non-gaap measures.

(2)   ebitda margin represents ebitda divided by revenues less cost of revenues.

revenues less cost of revenues increased $69.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily due to additional revenue attributed to euroccp, cboe australia, and cboe japan, as well as a 12% increase in european equities matched adnv. for the year ended december 31, 2021, operating income increased $22.5 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 due to an increase in revenues less cost of revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses. operating expenses increased $47.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits, technology support services, depreciation and amortization, and professional fees and outside services.
futures the following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, ebitda, and ebitda margin for our futures segment (in millions, except percentages):

percentage of total revenues year ended                                                   year ended december 31,                              percent            december 31,
2021                 2020                     change        2021             2020
revenues less cost of revenues       $116.8                $105.8              10        %        97    %           97    %
operating expenses                   50.8                  52.0                (2)       %        42    %           48    %
operating income                     $66.0                 $53.8               23        %        55    %           49    %
ebitda (1)                           $68.7                 $56.9               21        %        57    %           52    %
ebitda margin (2)                    58.8        %         53.8        %       *                  *                 *
*      not meaningful
(1)   see footnote (2) to the table under "overview" above for a reconciliation of net income to ebitda, and management's reasons for using such non-gaap measures.

(2)   ebitda margin represents ebitda divided by revenues less cost of revenues.

revenues less cost of revenues increased $11.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily due to a 15% increase in futures adv. for the year ended december 31, 2021, operating income increased $12.2 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 due to an increase in revenues less cost of revenues. operating expenses decreased $1.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2021
79
compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily due to decreases in other expenses, compensation and benefits, and technology and support services, partially offset by an increase in travel and promotional expenses.
global fx the following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, ebitda and ebitda margin for our global fx segment (in millions, except percentages):

percentage of total revenues year ended                                               year ended december 31,                          percent            december 31,
2021               2020                   change        2021             2020
revenues less cost of revenues       $57.6               $57.8             (0)       %        99    %           100   %
operating expenses                   54.9                51.8              6         %        94    %           90    %
operating income (loss)              $2.7                $6.0              (55)      %        5     %           10    %
ebitda (1)                           $26.9               $32.4             (17)      %        46    %           56    %
ebitda margin (2)                    46.7      %         56.1      %       *                  *                 *
*     not meaningful
(1)   see footnote (2) to the table under "overview" above for a reconciliation of net income to ebitda, and management's reasons for using such non-gaap measures.

(2)   ebitda margin represents ebitda divided by revenues less cost of revenues.

revenues less cost of revenues decreased $0.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily due to a 2% decrease in global fx adnv. for the year ended december 31, 2021, operating income decreased $3.3 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 due to an increase in operating expenses. operating expenses increased $3.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits and professional fees and outside services, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation and amortization.
80
liquidity and capital resources below are charts that reflect elements of our capital allocation:
we expect our cash on hand at december 31, 2021 and other available resources, including cash generated from operations, to be sufficient to continue to meet our cash requirements for the foreseeable future. in the near term, we expect that our cash from operations and availability under the revolving credit facility will meet our cash needs to fund our operations, capital expenditures, interest payments on debt, debt repayments, any dividends, and opportunities for common stock repurchases under the previously announced program. we may also utilize excess cash on hand to pay down amounts outstanding under the term loan agreement. see note 12 ("debt") to the consolidated financial statements for further information. to the extent that our cash sources are insufficient to fund our potential acquisitions, we may participate in future financing transactions to obtain additional capital.
euroccp also has a €1.5 billion committed syndicated multicurrency revolving and swingline credit facility agreement with euroccp as borrower and the company as guarantor of scheduled interest and fees on borrowings (but not the principal amount of any borrowings), (the "facility"). the facility is available to be drawn by euroccp towards (a) financing unsettled amounts in connection with the settlement of transactions in securities and other items processed through euroccp's clearing system and (b) financing any other liability or liquidity requirement of euroccp incurred in the operation of its clearing system. borrowings under the facility are secured by cash, eligible bonds and eligible equity assets deposited by euroccp into secured accounts. as a result, should the facility be drawn by euroccp it could potentially impact euroccp's liquidity, and we can give no assurance that this facility will be sufficient to meet all of such obligations or sufficiently mitigate euroccp's liquidity risk to meet its payment obligations when due. additionally, a default of the facility may allow lenders, under certain circumstances, to accelerate any related drawn amounts and may result in the acceleration of the company's other outstanding debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies, which may limit the company's liquidity, business and financing activities. the facility is expected to terminate on june 30, 2022 and we may not be able to enter into a replacement facility on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
our long-term cash needs will depend on many factors, including an introduction of new products, enhancements of current products, the geographic mix of our business and any potential acquisitions. we believe our cash from operations and the availability under our revolving credit facility will meet any long-term needs unless a significant acquisition or acquisitions are identified, in which case we expect that we would be able to borrow the necessary funds and/or issue additional shares of our common stock to complete such acquisition(s). in addition, we do not expect covid-19 to have a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources, including cash from operations or uses of cash, or change our ability to access capital markets in the near term or the foreseeable future.
cash and cash equivalents include cash in banks and all non-restricted, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase. cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2021 increased
81
$96.5 million from december 31, 2020 primarily due to results of operations, adjustment for depreciation expense, proceeds from available-for-sale financial investments, and proceeds from the term loan modification, partially offset by contributions to investments, cash dividends paid on common stock, and acquisitions, net of cash acquired. see "cash flow" below for further discussion.
our cash and cash equivalents held outside of the united states in various foreign subsidiaries totaled $185.9 million and $128.2 million as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively. the remaining balance was held in the united states and totaled $156.0 million and $117.2 million as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively. the majority of cash held outside the united states is available for repatriation, but under current law, could subject us to additional united states income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits.
our financial investments include deferred compensation plan assets as well as investments with original or acquired maturities longer than three months but that mature in less than one year from the balance sheet date and are recorded at fair value. as of december 31, 2021, financial investments consisted of u.s. treasury securities and deferred compensation plan assets.
our off-balance sheet arrangements include clearing operations related to euroccp. see note 14 ("clearing operations") for discussion of contingent assets and liabilities related to clearing operations in connection with the company's acquisition of euroccp.
cash flow the following table summarizes our cash flow data for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (in millions):

for the year ended december 31,
2021                                2020                 2019
net cash provided by operating activities                                                                                  $596.8                $1,458.8              $632.8
net cash used in investing activities                                                                                             (352.7)               (430.5)              (15.9)
net cash used in financing activities                                                                                             (200.3)               (201.7)              (662.9)
effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents                (9.1)        1.6                   0.2
increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents                                    $34.7                 $828.2                $(45.8)
as of december 31,
2021                            2020                 2019
reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents:
cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  $341.9                $245.4                $229.3
restricted cash and cash equivalents (margin deposits and clearing funds)                                                           745.9                 812.1              -
restricted cash and cash equivalents (included in other current assets)                                                               4.4                     -              -
total                                                                                                                      $1,092.2              $1,057.5              $229.3
net cash flows provided by operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2021, net cash provided by operating activities was $67.8 million higher than net income. the variance is primarily attributable to the adjustment for depreciation and amortization expense of $167.4 million, the change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $45.0 million, and the change in unrecognized tax benefits of $33.2 million, partially offset by the change in section 31 fees payable of $112.1 million and the change in restricted cash and cash equivalents, driven by a $66.2 million decrease in margin deposits and clearing funds related to euroccp for the year ended december 31, 2021.
net cash flows provided by operating activities were $596.8 million and $1,458.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the change in net cash flows provided by operating activities was primarily due to the change in restricted cash and cash equivalents, driven by margin deposits and clearing funds related to euroccp, as well as the change in section 31 fees payable, partially offset by the change in accounts receivable, as well as the change in the bargain purchase gain and provision for deferred income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020.
82
net cash provided by operating activities was $990.6 million higher than net income for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020. the variance is primarily attributed to the addition of $812.1 million of restricted cash and cash equivalents, driven by margin deposits and clearing funds related to euroccp, the adjustment for depreciation and amortization expense of $158.5 million, the change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $59.4 million, and the change in section 31 fees payable of $53.9 million, partially offset by the change in accounts receivable of $90.0 million.
net cash provided by operating activities was $1,458.8 million and $632.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the increase in net cash flows provided by operating activities was primarily due to the addition of margin deposits and clearing funds resulting from the euroccp acquisition and the increase in net income.
net cash flows used in investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities primarily consisted of contributions to investments of $209.8 million, acquisitions, net of cash acquired of $151.5 million, and purchases of available-for-sale financial investments of $101.2 million, partially offset by proceeds from available-for-sale financial investments of $160.2 million.
net cash flows used in investing activities were $352.7 million and $430.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the variance is primarily due to the change in acquisitions, net of cash acquired, and the change in purchases of available-for-sale financial investments, partially offset by contributions to investments and the change in proceeds from available-for-sale financial investments for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020.
net cash flows used in investing activities totaled $430.5 million and $15.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the variance is primarily due to acquisitions, net of cash acquired in 2020 and the return of capital from investments in 2019.
capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $47.0 million to $52.0 million, reflecting expenditures associated with the company's trading floor relocation, which is anticipated to occur in the second quarter of 2022, ongoing capacity and technology-related investments, as well as anticipated project delays due to supply chain interruptions.
net cash flows used in financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2021, net cash used in financing activities primarily consisted of cash dividends paid on common stock of $193.3 million and share repurchases of $81.3 million, partially offset by proceeds from long-term debt of $110.0 million.
net cash flows used in financing activities were $200.3 million and $201.7 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the variance is primarily due to the change in share repurchases, as well as the change in principal payments of long-term debt, partially offset by the change in proceeds from long-term debt.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, the company received proceeds from long-term debt of $493.7 million, of which $70.0 million was used to pay down the revolving credit facility draw taken in the third quarter of 2020, repurchased $349.1 million of common stock, paid dividends totaling $170.6 million, and paid down $155.0 million of long-term debt.
net cash flows used in financing activities totaled $662.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the company paid down $350.0 million of long-term debt, repurchased $156.9 million of common stock, and paid dividends of $150.0 million.
83
financial assets the following summarizes our financial assets excluding margin deposits and clearing funds as of december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (in millions):

as of december 31,
2021                             2020                2019
cash and cash equivalents                     $341.9              $245.4               $229.3
financial investments                         37.1                92.4                 71.0
less deferred compensation plan assets              (28.0)               (24.5)              (23.4)
less cash collected for section 31 fees             (25.9)              (103.0)              (69.0)
adjusted cash (1)                             $325.1              $210.3               $207.9
(1)   adjusted cash is a non-gaap measure and represents cash and cash equivalents plus financial investments, minus deferred compensation plan assets and cash collected for section 31 fees. we have presented adjusted cash because we consider it an important supplemental measure of our liquidity and believe that it is frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies.

debt the following summarizes our debt obligations as of december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (in millions):

as of december 31,
2021                              2020               2019
term loan agreement                                     $160.0               $70.0                $225.0
3.650% senior notes                                     650.0                650.0                650.0
1.625% senior notes                                             500.0                500.0              -
revolving credit agreement                                          -                    -              -
euroccp credit facility                                             -                    -              -
less unamortized discount and debt issuance costs              (10.7)               (16.1)              (7.4)
total debt                                              $1,299.3             $1,203.9             $867.6
at december 31, 2021, we were in compliance with the covenants of our debt agreements.
in addition to the debt outstanding, as of december 31, 2021, we had an additional $250.0 million available through our revolving credit facility, with the ability to borrow another $100.0 million by increasing the commitments under the facility. together with adjusted cash, we had $675.1 million available to fund our operations, capital expenditures, potential acquisitions, debt repayments and any dividends as of december 31, 2021.
dividends the company's expectation is to continue to pay dividends. the decision to pay a dividend, however, remains within the discretion of the company's board of directors and may be affected by various factors, including our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness and other considerations our board of directors deems relevant. future debt obligations and statutory provisions, among other things, may limit, or in some cases prohibit, our ability to pay dividends.
share repurchase program in 2011, the board of directors approved an initial authorization for the company to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock of $100 million and approved additional authorizations of $100 million in each of 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016, $250 million in each of 2018, 2019 and 2020, and $200 million in february 2021, for a total authorization of $1.6 billion. the program permits the company to purchase shares through a variety of methods, including in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable securities laws. it does not obligate the company to make any repurchases at any specific time or situation.
84
under the program, for the year ended december 31, 2021, the company repurchased 822,005 shares of common stock at an average cost per share of $98.82, totaling $81.3 million. since inception of the program through december 31, 2021, the company has repurchased 18,072,129 shares of common stock at an average cost per share of $68.12, totaling $1.2 billion.
as of december 31, 2021, the company had $318.9 million of availability remaining under its existing share repurchase authorizations.
lease and obligations the company currently leases additional office space, data centers and remote network operations center, with lease terms remaining from 7 months to 186 months as of december 31, 2021. in september 2019, we entered into two leases that commenced in 2020 for a new principal office space and trading floor space, both located in chicago, illinois. additionally, in october 2021, the company signed a new lease that commenced in february 2022 for a new principal office space in amsterdam. see note 24 ("leases") to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
total rent expense related to current and former lease obligations for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 totaled $25.6 million, $20.2 million and $12.4 million, respectively. in addition to our lease obligations, we have contractual obligations related to certain operating leases, data and telecommunications agreements, and our long-term debt outstanding.
purchase obligations include our estimate of the minimum outstanding obligations under agreements to purchase goods or services that we believe are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed or minimum and maximum amounts to be paid; and the approximate timing of the transaction. purchase obligations include certain licensing agreements with various licensors which contain annual minimum fee requirements as well as payments calculated using agreed upon contract rates and reported cleared volumes. purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancellable at any time without penalty.
we have excluded from the contractual obligations listed below $745.9 million in cash margin deposits and clearing funds. clearing participants of euroccp are required to make deposits to a clearing fund. the cash deposits made by clearing participants are recorded in the consolidated balance sheet as current assets with equal and offsetting current liabilities. see note 14 ("clearing operations") to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on euroccp and the margin deposits and clearing funds.
future minimum payments under these leases and agreements were as follows as of december 31, 2021:

payments due by period less than                more than total                        1 year                      1 year contractual obligations operating leases                 $149.1                 $19.3                   $129.8
purchase obligations                    871.5                 69.0                         802.5
principal payments of debt              1,310.0               -                          1,310.0
interest payments on debt        194.7                  33.1                    161.6
total                            $2,525.3               $121.4                  $2,403.9
commercial commitments and contractual obligations as of december 31, 2021, our commercial commitments and contractual obligations included operating leases, data and telecommunications agreements, equipment leases, our long-term debt outstanding, contingent considerations and other obligations. see note 23 ("commitments, contingencies, and guarantees") to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of commitments and contingencies, note 12 ("debt") for a discussion of the outstanding debt, note 14 ("clearing operations") for information on euroccp's clearinghouse exposure guarantee, and note 24 ("leases") for discussion on operating leases and equipment leases.
guarantees we use wedbush and morgan stanley to clear our routed equities transactions for our u.s. equities exchanges. wedbush and morgan stanley guarantee the trade until one day after the trade date, after which time the nscc provides a guarantee. the bids trading ats platform delivers matched trades to boa, which delivers the matched trades to the nscc. boa guarantees the trade until one day after the trade date, after which time the nscc provides a guarantee. in
85
the case of failure to perform on the part of wedbush or morgan stanley on routed transactions for our u.s. equities exchanges, we provide the guarantee to the counterparty to the trader. in the case of failure to perform on the part of boa on transactions for the bids trading ats platform, bids has obligations to the counterparties to satisfy the trades. occ acts as a central counterparty on all transactions in listed equity options in our options segment, and as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our options transactions. we believe that any potential requirement for us to make payments under these guarantees is remote and accordingly, have not recorded any liability in the consolidated financial statements for these guarantees. similarly, with respect to u.s. listed equity options and futures, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the occ, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on cboe options, c2, bzx, edgx, and cfe and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our matched options and futures trades. with respect to canadian equities, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the canadian depository for securities, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on matchnow and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our matched canadian equities trades. with respect to australian equities and derivatives, we deliver matched trades of our customers to asx clear pty ltd and asx settlement pty ltd. asx clear pty ltd acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on cboe australia and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement on all of our matched trades in australia. with respect to japanese equities, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the japanese securities clearing corporation, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on cboe japan and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement on all of our matched trades in japan.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of the amounts of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. actual results could differ materially from those estimates. on an ongoing basis, the company evaluates its estimates, including those related to areas that require a significant level of judgment or are otherwise subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. the company bases its estimates on historical experience, observance of trends in particular areas, information available from outside sources and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. information from these sources form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that may not be readily apparent from other sources.
we have identified the estimates below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations. the impact of, and any associated risks related to, these estimates on our business operations is discussed throughout "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." for a detailed discussion on these estimates and other accounting policies, see note 2 ("summary of significant accounting policies") to the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
goodwill and other intangible assets description our acquisitions of bats, cboe vest financial group inc. ("vest"), silexx financial systems, llc ("silexx"), livevol, hanweck, ft options, trade alert, matchnow, bids holdings and chi-x apac resulted in the recording of goodwill and other intangible assets, while our acquisition of euroccp, resulted in a bargain purchase gain and other intangible assets. in accordance with asc 350-intangibles-goodwill and other, we test the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances signal indicators of impairment are present.
judgments and uncertainties the estimated fair values of our reporting units are based on the market approach and the income approach (using discounted estimated future cash flows). the estimated fair values of indefinite-lived intangibles used the income approach. the discounted estimated future cash flow analysis requires judgments about the discount rate, forecasted revenue growth rate, and operating expenses, that are inherent in these fair value estimates over the estimated remaining operating period. additionally, the analysis contains uncertainty surrounding future events. as such, actual results may differ from these estimates and lead to a revaluation of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets.
86
effect if actual results differ from assumptions if updated estimates indicate that the fair value of goodwill or any indefinite-lived intangibles is less than the carrying value of the asset, an impairment charge is expected to be recorded in the consolidated statements of income in the period of the change in estimate, which could result in a material change to the consolidated financial statements. however, due to the results of our impairment analyses in 2021, in which all reporting units estimated fair value exceeded their carrying value, we do not consider our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles to have a significant risk of impairment.
income taxes description the company's consolidated global income tax provision, deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation allowances, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits are determined through the interpretation of tax laws and assumptions of future events to calculate an expectation of future tax consequences.
judgments and uncertainties on an ongoing basis, the company evaluates its tax estimates and judgments. this evaluation is based on factors including historical experience, such as the conclusions of examinations by tax authorities, changes in tax laws or rates, new examination activity, and results of any related legal processes. we use judgment in the evaluation of uncertain tax positions and the estimation of unrecognized tax benefits when determining the largest amount greater than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the taxing authority, assessing the likelihood of the benefit being realized upon settlement, and the calculating expected ultimate settlement amount.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions significant changes in these estimates or judgments may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in a future period. additionally, it is possible that the ultimate settlement may differ from the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits currently reported if tax authorities ultimately reach a conclusion that differs from the company's expectation. we believe assumptions made regarding income taxes to be reasonable and do not believe any change in the judgments made by management would result in a material change to the consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 3 ("recent accounting pronouncements") to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements that are applicable to the company.
