item 1a.    risk factors.
set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report and in other documents we file with the sec are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report and other public statements we make. based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the matters discussed below identify the material risk factors affecting our business. however, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial, but that could later become material, may also adversely affect our business.
risks related to our business environment our performance is significantly related to general economic, political and regulatory conditions and, accordingly, our business, operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by economic slowdowns, liquidity constraints, significant public health events, fiscal or political uncertainty and possible subsequent downturns in commercial real estate asset values, property sales and leasing activities in the geographies or industry sectors that we or our clients serve.
periods of economic weakness or recession, fiscal or political uncertainty, market volatility, declining employment levels, declining demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values, disruption to the global capital or credit markets or the public perception that any of these events may occur, may materially and negatively affect the performance of some or all of our business lines.
our business is significantly affected by generally prevailing economic conditions in the markets where we operate. adverse economic conditions, political or regulatory uncertainty and significant public health events can result in declines in real estate sale and leasing volumes and the value of commercial real estate. it may also lead to a decrease in funds invested in commercial real estate assets and development projects. such developments in turn may reduce our revenue from property management fees and commissions derived from property sales, leasing, valuation and financing, as well as revenues associated with development or investment management activities. for example, during the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, commercial real estate markets globally were severely impacted by a sharp decline in economic activity due to the spread of covid-19, which put downward pressure on certain parts of our business. see "risks related to our operations-the covid-19 pandemic has impacted our business operations, and the extent to which it will continue to do so and its impact on our future financial results are uncertain." below for additional risks related to the covid-19 pandemic. our businesses could also suffer from political or economic disruptions (or the perception that such disruptions may occur) that affect interest rates or liquidity or create financial, market or regulatory uncertainty.
we also make co-investments alongside our investor clients in our development and investment management businesses. during an economic downturn, capital for our investment activities could be constrained and it may take longer for us to dispose of real estate investments or sale prices we achieve may be lower than originally anticipated. as a result, the value of our commercial real estate investments may be reduced, and we could realize losses or diminished profitability. in addition, economic downturns may reduce the volume of loans our capital markets business originates and/or services. fees within our property management business are generally based on a percentage of rent collections, making them sensitive to macroeconomic conditions that negatively impact rent collections and the performance of the properties we manage.
economic, political and regulatory uncertainty as well as significant changes and volatility in the financial markets and business environment, and in the global landscape, make it difficult for us to predict our financial performance into the future. as a result, any guidance or outlook that we provide on our performance is based on then-current conditions, and there is a risk that such guidance may turn out to be inaccurate.
adverse developments in the credit markets may materially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our investment management, development services and capital markets (including property sales and mortgage and structured financing services) businesses are sensitive to credit cost and availability as well as financial liquidity. additionally, the revenues in all of our businesses are dependent to some extent on the overall volume of activity (and pricing) in the commercial real estate markets.
disruptions in the credit markets may have a material adverse effect on our business of providing advisory services to owners, investors and occupiers of real estate in connection with the leasing, disposition and acquisition of property. if our clients are unable to obtain credit on favorable terms, there may be fewer property leasing, disposition and acquisition transactions. in addition, under such conditions, our investment management and development services businesses may be unable to attract capital or achieve returns sufficient to earn incentive fees and we may also experience losses of co-invested equity capital if any such disruption causes a prolonged decline in the value of investments made.
our operations are subject to social, political and economic risks in foreign countries as well as foreign currency volatility.
we conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the u.s. and, as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. during the year ended december 31, 2021, approximately 43% of our revenue was transacted in foreign currencies. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may result in corresponding fluctuations in revenue and earnings as well as the assets under management for our investment management business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results.
in addition, international economic trends, foreign governmental policy actions and the following factors may have a material adverse effect on the performance of our business:
•difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations among diverse geographies, languages and cultures;
•currency restrictions, transfer-pricing regulations and adverse tax consequences, which may affect our ability to transfer capital and profits;
•adverse changes in regulatory or tax requirements and regimes or uncertainty about the application of or the future of such regulatory or tax requirements and regimes;
•responsibility for complying with numerous, potentially conflicting and frequently complex and changing laws in multiple jurisdictions (e.g., with respect to data protection, privacy regulations, corrupt practices, embargoes, trade sanctions, employment and licensing);
•the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability, including those related to public health or safety events;
•greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable or delays in client payments in some geographic regions;
•foreign ownership restrictions in certain countries, particularly in asia pacific and the middle east, or the risk that such restrictions will be adopted in the future; and
•changes in laws or policies governing foreign trade or investment and use of foreign operations or workers, and any negative sentiments towards multinational companies as a result of any such changes to laws or policies as well as other geopolitical risks.
we maintain anti-corruption and anti-money-laundering compliance programs throughout the company as well as programs designed to enable us to comply with any potential government economic sanctions, embargoes or other import/export controls. however, coordinating our activities to deal with the broad range of complex legal and regulatory environments in which we operate presents significant challenges. we may not be successful in complying with regulations in all situations and violations may result in criminal or material civil sanctions and other costs against us or our employees, and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business.
we have committed additional resources to expand our worldwide sales and marketing activities, to globalize our service offerings and products in select markets and to develop local sales and support channels. if we are unable to successfully implement these plans, maintain adequate long-term strategies that successfully manage the risks associated with our global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. in addition, we have established operations and seek to grow our presence in many emerging markets to further expand our global platform. however, we may not be successful in effectively evaluating and monitoring the key business, operational, legal and compliance risks specific to those markets. the political and cultural risks present in emerging countries could also harm our ability to successfully execute our operations or manage our businesses there.
risks related to our operations the covid-19 pandemic has impacted our business operations, and the extent to which it will continue to do so and its impact on our future financial results are uncertain.
the emergence of the covid-19 pandemic initially resulted in a decline in real estate sales, financing, construction and leasing activity, adversely impacting deal volume in our property sales and leasing activity in our advisory services segment. there has since been a sharp economic and commercial real estate recovery. however, the pandemic has resulted in changes to the utilization of many types of commercial real estate. for example, the covid-19 pandemic has accelerated the adoption of hybrid and remote work schemes, which may lead to reduced corporate office space requirements in the future. the covid-19 pandemic has also fueled increased demand for logistics and distribution facilities. these shifts in commercial utilization may have an adverse effect on portions of our business, while benefiting others. for example, reduced office space requirements could negatively impact office sales and leasing, while higher demand for industrial and logistics properties could benefit industrial sales and leasing. we would expect a similar shift to be reflected in other business lines as well should these structural demand shifts persist. there can be no assurance, however, that any such beneficial demand shifts would be sufficient to substantially mitigate the adverse effects of such shifts on other portions of our business or the negative effects of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, and performance on a consolidated basis.
the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic will impact our business and financial results in the future will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic; the emergence and virulence of new variants, which may cause and impact the severity of additional outbreaks; governmental, business and individuals' actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic; how quickly and to what extent normal economic activity resumes; the availability and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments for covid-19 globally; the effect on our clients and client demand for our services; our ability to provide our services on a competitive basis, including as a result of travel restrictions, the remote work environment, and staffing changes due to additional financial, family and health burdens that may negatively impact our people's mental and physical health, engagement and retention; the ability of our clients to pay for our services; the acceleration of secular changes in the use of certain commercial real estate; and any closures of our or our clients' offices and facilities. the situation continues to change rapidly and additional impacts may arise that we are not aware of currently. to the extent the covid-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described elsewhere in this annual report.
we have numerous local, regional and global competitors across all of our business lines and the geographies that we serve, and further industry consolidation, fragmentation or innovation could lead to significant future competition.
we compete across a variety of business disciplines within the commercial real estate services and investment industry, including property management, facilities management, project and transaction management, tenant and landlord leasing, capital markets solutions (property sales, commercial mortgage origination and structured finance), flexible space solutions, real estate investment management, valuation, loan servicing, development services and proprietary research. although we are the largest commercial real estate services firm in the world in terms of 2021 revenue, our relative competitive position varies significantly across geographies, property types and services and business lines.
depending on the geography, property type or service or business line, we face competition from other commercial real estate services providers and investment firms, including outsourcing companies that traditionally competed in limited portions of our facilities management business and have expanded their offerings from time to time, in-house corporate real estate departments, developers, flexible space providers, institutional lenders, insurance companies, investment banking firms, investment managers and accounting and consulting firms. some of these firms may have greater financial resources allocated to a particular geography, property type or service or business line than we have allocated to that geography, property type, service or business line. in addition, future changes in laws could lead to the entry of other new competitors, such as financial institutions.
although many of our existing competitors are local or regional firms that are smaller than we are, some of these competitors are larger on a local or regional basis. we are further subject to competition from large national and multi-national firms that have similar service and investment competencies to ours, and it is possible that further industry consolidation could lead to much larger and more formidable competitors globally or in the particular geographies, property types, service or business lines that we serve. in addition, disruptive innovation by existing or new competitors could alter the competitive landscape in the future and require us to accurately identify and assess such changes and make timely and effective changes to our strategies and business model to compete effectively. furthermore, we are substantially dependent on long-term client relationships and on revenue received for services under various service agreements. many of these agreements may be canceled by the client for any reason with as little as 30 to 60 days' notice, as is typical in the industry.
in this competitive market, if we are unable to maintain long-term client relationships or are otherwise unable to retain existing clients and develop new clients, our business, results of operations and/or financial condition may be materially adversely affected. there is no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively, to maintain current fee levels or margins, or maintain or increase our market share.
our growth and financial performance have benefited significantly from acquisitions, which may not perform as expected and similar opportunities may not be available in the future.
acquisitions have accounted for a significant component of our growth over time. any future growth through acquisitions will depend in part upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at attractive prices, terms and conditions, as well as sufficient liquidity and credit to fund these acquisitions. we may incur significant additional debt from time to time to finance any such acquisitions, which could increase the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt. acquisitions involve risks that business judgments made concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired may prove to be incorrect. future acquisitions and any necessary related financings also may involve significant transaction-related expenses, which could include severance, lease termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, among others.
we have had, and may continue to experience, challenges in integrating operations and information technology systems acquired from other companies. this could result in the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns and the potential loss of our key employees or clients or those of the acquired operations. the integration process itself may be costly and may adversely impact our business and the acquired company's business as it requires coordination of geographically diverse organizations and implementation of accounting and information technology systems.
we complete acquisitions with the expectation that they will result in various benefits, but the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions are subject to a number of uncertainties, including the ability to timely realize accretive benefits, the level of attrition from professionals licensed or associated with the acquired companies and whether we can successfully integrate the acquired business. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our overall business, financial condition and operating results.
our brand and reputation are key assets of our company, and our business may be affected by how we are perceived in the marketplace.
our brand and reputation are key assets, and we believe our continued success depends on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. our ability to attract and retain clients is highly dependent upon the external perceptions of our level of service, trustworthiness, business practices, management, workplace culture, financial condition, our response to unexpected events and other subjective qualities. negative perceptions or publicity regarding these matters, even if related to seemingly isolated incidents and whether or not factually correct, could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation among existing and potential clients, which could make it difficult for us to attract new clients and maintain existing ones. negative public opinion could result from actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities or circumstances, including handling of complaints, regulatory compliance, such as compliance with government sanctions, the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa), the u.k. bribery act and other antibribery, anti-money laundering and corruption laws, the use and protection of client and other sensitive information and from actions taken by regulators or others in response to such conduct. furthermore, as a company with headquarters and operations located in the u.s., a negative perception of the u.s. arising from its political or other positions could harm the perception of our company and our brand abroad. although we monitor developments for areas of potential risk to our reputation and brand, negative perceptions or publicity would materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. social media channels can also cause rapid, widespread reputational harm to our brand. our brand and reputation may also be harmed by the actions of third parties that are outside of our control, including vendors and joint venture partners.
the protection of our brand, including related trademarks, may require the expenditure of significant financial and operational resources. moreover, the steps we take to protect our brand may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our trademarks. even when we detect infringement or misappropriation of our trademarks, we may not be able to enforce all such trademarks. any unauthorized use by third parties of our brand may adversely affect our brand. furthermore, as we continue to expand our business, especially internationally, there is a risk we may face claims of infringement or other alleged violations of third-party intellectual property rights, which may restrict us from leveraging our brand in a manner consistent with our business goals.
our real estate investments businesses, including our real estate investment programs and co-investment activities, subject us to performance and real estate investment risks which could cause fluctuations in our earnings and cash flow and impact our ability to raise capital for future investments.
the revenue, net income and cash flow generated by our investment management business line within our real estate investments segment can be volatile primarily because the management, transaction and incentive fees can vary as a result of market movements. in the event that any of the investment programs that our investment management business manages were to perform poorly, our revenue, net income and cash flow could decline because the value of the assets we manage would decrease, which would result in a reduction in some of our management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the incentive compensation we earn. moreover, we could experience losses on co-investments of our own capital in such programs as a result of poor performance. investors and potential investors in our programs continually assess our performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future programs and maintaining our current fee structure will depend on our continued satisfactory performance.
an important part of the strategy for our investment management business involves co-investing our capital in certain real estate investments with our clients, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. as of december 31, 2021, we had co-invested approximately $232.4 million and had committed $127.1 million to fund future co-investments in our real estate investments segment, approximately $42.6 million of which is expected to be funded during 2022. in addition to required future capital contributions, some of the co-investment entities may request additional capital from us and our subsidiaries holding investments in those assets. the failure to provide these contributions could have adverse consequences to our interests in these investments, including damage to our reputation with our co-investment partners and clients, as well as the necessity of obtaining alternative funding from other sources that may be on disadvantageous terms for us and the other co-investors. participating as a co-investor is an important part of our investment management line of business, which might suffer if we were unable to make these investments.
selective investment in real estate projects is critical to our development services business strategy within our real estate investments segment, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. as of december 31, 2021, we were involved as a principal in 26 real estate projects that were consolidated in our financial statements with invested equity of $439.3 million and co-invested with our clients in approximately 125 unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries with invested equity of $219.0 million. we had committed additional capital of $40.7 million to the unconsolidated subsidiaries and of $141.6 million to consolidated projects, as of december 31, 2021.
during the ordinary course of business within our development services business line, we provide numerous completion and budget guarantees requiring us to complete the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us potentially being liable for costs to complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. there can be no assurance that we will not have to perform under any such guarantees. if we are required to perform under a significant number of such guarantees, it could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
because the disposition of a single significant investment can affect our financial performance in any period, our real estate investment activities could cause fluctuations in our net earnings and cash flow. in many cases, we have limited control over the timing of the disposition of these investments and the recognition of any related gain or loss, or incentive participation fee.
the success of our global workplace solutions segment depends on our ability to enter into mutually beneficial contracts, deliver high quality levels of service and accurately assess working capital requirements.
contracts for our global workplace solutions clients often include complex terms regarding payment of fees, risk transfer, liability limitations, termination, due diligence and transition timeframes. further, the facilities management and project management businesses within our global workplace solutions segment are often impacted by transition activities in the first year of a contract as well as the timing of starting operations on these large client contracts. if we are unable to negotiate contracts with our clients in a timely manner and on mutually beneficial terms, or there is a delay in becoming fully operational, our business and results of operation may be negatively impacted. further, if we fail to deliver the high-quality levels of service expected by our clients, it may result in reputational and financial damage, and could impact our ability to retain existing clients and attract new clients.
our global workplace solutions segment also requires us to accurately model the working capital needs of this business. should we fail to accurately assess working capital requirements, the cash flow generated by this business may be adversely impacted. in addition, if we do not accurately assess the creditworthiness of a client or if a client's creditworthiness changes during the term of the contract, we could potentially be unable to collect on any outstanding payments.
a significant portion of our loan origination and servicing business depends upon our relationships with u.s. government sponsored enterprises.
a significant portion of our loan origination and servicing business (which we conduct through certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries) depends upon our relationship with the federal national mortgage association (fannie mae), and the federal home loan mortgage corporation (freddie mac), collectively the government sponsored enterprises (gses). as an approved seller/servicer for the gses, we are required to comply with various eligibility criteria and are required to originate and service loans in accordance with their individual program requirements, including participation in loss sharing and repurchase arrangements. failure to comply with these requirements may result in termination or withdrawal of our approval to sell and service the gse loans.
a failure by third parties to comply with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements could result in economic and reputational harm to us.
we rely on third parties, and in some cases subcontractors, to perform activities on behalf of our organization to improve quality, increase efficiencies, cut costs and lower operational risks across our business and support functions. we have instituted a supplier code of conduct, which is intended to communicate to our vendors the standards of conduct we expect them to uphold. our contracts with vendors typically impose a contractual obligation to comply with our supplier code of conduct. in addition, we leverage technology to help us better screen vendors, with the aim of gaining a deeper understanding of the compliance, data privacy, health and safety, environmental, sustainability and other risks posed to our business by potential and existing vendors. if our third parties do not have the proper safeguards and controls in place, or appropriate oversight cannot be provided, we could be exposed to increased operational, regulatory, financial or reputational risks. a failure by third parties to comply with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements in a high quality and timely manner could result in economic and reputational harm to us. in addition, these third parties face their own technology, operating, business and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee or company information, could cause damage to our reputation and harm to our business.
our success depends upon the retention of our senior management, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees.
our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees. while certain of our executive officers and key employees are subject to long-term compensatory arrangements, there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain all key members of our senior management. we also are highly dependent upon the retention of our property sales and leasing professionals, who generate a significant amount of our revenues, as well as other revenue producing professionals. the departure of any of our key employees, or the loss of a significant number of key revenue producers, if we are unable to quickly hire and integrate qualified replacements, could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to materially suffer. competition for employee talent is intense and increasing and we may not be able to successfully recruit, integrate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel. in addition, the growth of our business is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel in all areas of our business. if we were to experience significant employee attrition or turnover, it could lead to increased recruitment and training costs as well as operating inefficiencies that could adversely impact our results of operation. we and our competitors use equity incentives and sign-on and retention bonuses to help attract, retain and incentivize key personnel. as competition is significant for the services of such personnel, the expense of such incentives and bonuses may increase, which could negatively impact our profitability, or result in our inability to attract or retain such personnel to the same extent that we have in the past. any significant decline in, or failure to grow, our stock price may result in an increased risk of loss of these key personnel. if we are unable to attract and retain these qualified personnel, our growth may be limited, and our business and operating results could materially suffer.
if we are unable to manage the organizational challenges associated with our global operations, we might be unable to achieve our business objectives.
our global operations present significant management and organizational challenges. it might become increasingly difficult to maintain effective standards across a large enterprise and effectively institutionalize our knowledge. it might also become more difficult to maintain our culture, effectively manage and monitor our personnel and operations and effectively communicate our core values, policies and procedures, strategies and goals. the size of our employee base increases the possibility that we will have individuals who engage in unlawful or fraudulent activity, or otherwise expose us to business and reputational risks. if we are not successful in continuing to develop and implement the processes and tools designed to manage our enterprise and instill our culture and core values into all of our employees, our reputation and ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. in addition, from time to time, we have made, and may continue to make, changes to our operating model, including how we are organized, as the needs and size of our business change. if we do not successfully implement any such changes, our business and results of operation may be negatively and materially impacted.
our policies, procedures and programs to safeguard the health, safety and security of our employees and others may not be adequate.
we have more than 105,000 employees (excluding turner & townsend employees) as well as independent contractors working in over 100 countries. we have undertaken to implement what we believe to be best practices to safeguard the health, safety and security of our employees, independent contractors, clients and others at our worksites. however, if these policies, procedures and programs are not adequate, or employees do not receive related adequate training or follow them for any reason, the consequences may be severe to us, including serious injury or loss of life, which could impair our operations and cause us to incur significant legal liability or fines as well as reputational damage. our insurance may not cover, or may be insufficient to cover, any legal liability or fines that we incur for health, safety or security incidents.
we may be subject to actual or perceived conflicts of interest.
similar to other global services companies with different business lines and a broad client base, we may be subject to potential conflicts of interests in the provision of our services. for example, conflicts may arise from our role in advising or representing both owners and tenants in commercial real estate lease transactions. in certain cases, we are also subject to fiduciary obligations to our clients. in such situations, our policies are designed to give full disclosure and transparency to all parties as well as implement appropriate barriers on information-sharing and other activities to ensure each party's interests are protected; however, there can be no assurance that our policies will be successful in every case. if we fail, or appear to fail, to identify, disclose and appropriately address potential conflicts of interest or fiduciary obligations, there could be an adverse effect on our business or reputation regardless of whether any such claims have merit. in addition, it is possible that in some jurisdictions, regulations could be changed to limit our ability to act for certain parties where potential conflicts may exist even with informed consent, which could limit our market share in those markets. there can be no assurance that potential conflicts of interest will not materially adversely affect us.
infrastructure disruptions may disrupt our ability to manage real estate for clients or may adversely affect the value of real estate investments we make on behalf of clients.
our ability to conduct a global business may be adversely impacted by disruptions to the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which they are located. this may include disruptions as a result of political instability, public health crises, attacks on our information technology systems, terrorist attacks, interruptions or delays in services from third-party data center hosting facilities or cloud computing platform providers, employee errors or malfeasance, building defects, utility outages, the effects of climate change and natural disasters such as fires, earthquakes, floods and hurricanes. the infrastructure disruptions we may experience as a result of such events could also disrupt our ability to manage real estate for clients or may adversely affect the value of our real estate investments in our investment management and development services businesses.
the buildings we manage for clients, which include some of the world's largest office properties and retail centers, are used by people daily. we also manage the critical facilities (including data centers) that our clients rely on to serve the public and their customers, where unplanned downtime could potentially disrupt other parts of their businesses or society. as a result, fires, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, other natural disasters, building defects, terrorist attacks, mass shootings or infrastructure disruptions can result in significant loss of life or injury, and, to the extent we are held to have been negligent in connection with our management of the affected properties, we could incur significant financial liabilities and reputational harm.
our joint venture activities and affiliate program involve risks that are often outside of our control and that, if realized, could materially harm our business.
we have utilized joint ventures for commercial investments, select local brokerage and other affiliations both in the u.s. and internationally, and we may acquire interests in other joint ventures in the future. under our affiliate program, we enter into contractual relationships with local brokerage, property management or other operations pursuant to which we license to that operation our name and make available certain of our resources, in exchange for a royalty or economic participation in that operation's revenue, profits or transactional activity. in many of these joint ventures and affiliations, we may not have the right or power to direct the management and policies of the joint ventures or affiliates, and other participants or operators of affiliates may take action contrary to our instructions or requests and against our policies and objectives. in addition, the other participants and operators may become bankrupt or have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. if a joint venture participant or affiliate acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition.
a significant portion of our revenue is seasonal, which could cause our financial results to fluctuate significantly.
a significant portion of our revenue is seasonal. historically, our revenue, operating income, net income and cash flow from operating activities tend to be lowest in the first calendar quarter, and highest in the fourth calendar quarter of each year. earnings and cash flow have generally been concentrated in the fourth calendar quarter due to the focus on completing sales, financing and leasing transactions prior to calendar year-end. this variance among periods makes it difficult to compare our financial condition and results of operations on a quarter-by-quarter basis. in addition, as a result of the seasonal nature of our business, political, economic or other unforeseen disruptions occurring in the fourth quarter, particularly those that impact our ability to close large transactions, may have a proportionally larger effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to our indebtedness our debt instruments impose operating and financial restrictions on us, and in the event of a default, all of our borrowings would become immediately due and payable.
as of december 31, 2021, our total debt, excluding notes payable on real estate (which are generally non-recourse to us) and warehouse lines of credit (which are recourse only to our wholly-owned subsidiary, cbre capital markets, and are secured by our related warehouse receivables), was $1.6 billion. for the year ended december 31, 2021, our interest expense was $68.3 million.
our debt instruments impose, and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us and many of our subsidiaries. these restrictions affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, our ability to:
•plan for or react to market conditions;
•meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans; and
•finance ongoing operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our interest, including:
◦incurring or guaranteeing additional indebtedness;
◦entering into mergers and consolidations;
◦creating liens; and
◦entering into sale/leaseback transactions.
our credit agreement requires us to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of consolidated ebitda (as defined in the credit agreement) to consolidated interest expense (as defined in the credit agreement) and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt (as defined in the credit agreement) less available cash (as defined in the credit agreement) to consolidated ebitda as of the end of each fiscal quarter. our ability to meet these financial ratios may be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot give assurance that we will be able to meet those ratios when required. we continue to monitor our projected compliance with these financial ratios and other terms of our credit agreement.
a breach of any of these restrictive covenants or the inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under our debt instruments. if any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit agreement may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. the lenders under our credit agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. in addition, a default under our credit agreement could trigger a cross default or cross acceleration under our other debt instruments.
we have limited restrictions on the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, which may intensify the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our indebtedness. in addition, in the event of a credit-ratings downgrade, our ability to borrow and the costs of such borrowings could be adversely affected.
subject to the maximum amounts of indebtedness permitted by our credit agreement covenants, we are not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, and so we may in the future incur such indebtedness in order to finance our operations and investments. in addition, moody's investors service, inc. and standard & poor's ratings services, rate our significant outstanding debt. these ratings, and any downgrades of them, may affect our ability to borrow as well as the costs of our current and future borrowings.
risks related to our information technology, cybersecurity and data protection failure to maintain and execute information technology strategies and ensure that our employees adapt to changes in technology could materially and adversely affect our ability to remain competitive in the market.
our business relies heavily on information technology, including solutions provided by third parties, to deliver services that meet the needs of our clients. if we are unable to effectively execute or maintain our information technology strategies or adopt new technologies and processes relevant to our service platform, our ability to deliver high-quality services may be materially impaired. in addition, we make significant investments in new systems and tools to achieve competitive advantages and efficiencies. implementation of such investments in information technology could exceed estimated budgets and we may experience challenges that prevent new strategies or technologies from being realized according to anticipated schedules. if we are unable to maintain current information technology and processes or encounter delays, or fail to exploit new technologies, then the execution of our business plans may be disrupted. similarly, our employees require effective tools and techniques to perform functions integral to our business. failure to successfully provide such tools and systems, or ensure that employees have properly adopted them, could materially and adversely impact our ability to achieve positive business outcomes.
interruption or failure of our information technology, communications systems or data services could impair our ability to provide our services effectively, which could damage our reputation and materially harm our operating results.
our business requires the continued operation of information technology and communication systems and network infrastructure. our ability to conduct our global business may be materially adversely affected by disruptions to these systems or our infrastructure. our information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or disruption from fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, system malfunctions, computer viruses, cyberattacks, natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes and floods, acts of war or terrorism, employee errors or malfeasance, or other events which are beyond our control. with respect to cyberattacks and viruses, these pose growing threats to many companies, and we have been a target and may continue to be a target of such threats, which could expose us to liability, reputational harm and significant remediation costs and cause material harm to our business and financial results. in addition, the operation and maintenance of these systems and networks is in some cases dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss, corruption or exposure of critical data or intellectual property and may also disrupt our ability to provide services to or interact with our clients, contractors and vendors, and we may not be able to successfully implement contingency plans that depend on communication or travel. furthermore, while we have certain business interruption and cyber insurance coverage and various contractual arrangements that can serve to mitigate costs, damages and liabilities, any such event could result in substantial recovery and remediation costs and liability to customers, business partners and other third parties. we have crises management, business continuity and disaster recovery plans and backup systems to reduce the potentially adverse effect of such events, but our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient and cannot account for all eventualities, and a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our data centers and third-party cloud hosting providers or our critical business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations, and as a result, our future operating results could be materially adversely affected.
our business relies heavily on the use of commercial real estate data. a portion of this data is purchased or licensed from third-party providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. a disruption of our ability to provide data to our professionals and/or our clients or an inadvertent exposure of proprietary data could damage our reputation and competitive position, and our operating results could be adversely affected.
failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks, including personally identifiable and client information, intellectual property and proprietary business information could materially adversely affect us.
security breaches and other disruptions of our information and technology networks, as well as that of third-party vendors, could compromise our information and intellectual property and expose us to liability, reputational harm and significant remediation costs, which could cause material harm to our business and financial results. in the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and intellectual property, and that of our clients and personally identifiable information of our employees, contractors and vendors, in our data centers, networks and third-party cloud hosting providers. the secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information are critical to our operations. although we and our vendors continue to implement new security measures and regularly conduct employee training, our information technology and infrastructure may nevertheless be vulnerable to cyberattacks by third parties or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. an increasing number of companies that rely on information and technology networks have disclosed breaches of their security, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on portions of their websites or infrastructure. the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service, or sabotage systems, change frequently, may be difficult to detect, and often are not recognized until launched against a target. to date, we have not yet experienced any cybersecurity breaches that have been material, either individually or in the aggregate. however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent any material events from occurring in the future.
we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect sensitive information, such as the european union's general data protection regulation, china's cyber security laws, various u.s. federal and state laws governing the protection of health or other personally identifiable information, including the california consumer privacy act, and data privacy and cybersecurity laws in other regions. these laws and regulations are increasing in severity, complexity and number, change frequently, and increasingly conflict among the various countries in which we operate, which has resulted in greater compliance risk and cost for us.
a significant actual or potential theft, loss, corruption, exposure, fraudulent use or misuse of client, employee or other personally identifiable or proprietary business data, whether by third parties or as a result of employee malfeasance or otherwise, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or intellectual property or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could result in significant remediation and other costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions against us. such an event could additionally disrupt our operations and the services we provide to clients, harm our relationships with contractors and vendors, damage our reputation, result in the loss of a competitive advantage, impact our ability to provide timely and accurate financial data and cause a loss of confidence in our services and financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business, revenues, competitive position and investor confidence. additionally, we rely on third parties to support our information and technology networks, including cloud storage solution providers, and as a result have less direct control over our data and information technology systems. such third parties are also vulnerable to security breaches and compromised security systems, for which we may not be indemnified and which could materially adversely affect us and our reputation.
legal and regulatory related risks we are subject to various litigation and regulatory risks and may face financial liabilities and/or damage to our reputation as a result of litigation or regulatory investigations or proceedings.
our businesses are exposed to various litigation and regulatory risks, especially within our valuations business. although we maintain insurance coverage for most of this risk, insurance coverage is unavailable at commercially reasonable pricing for certain types of exposures. additionally, our insurance policies may not cover us in the event of grossly negligent or intentionally wrongful conduct. accordingly, an adverse result in a litigation against us, or a lawsuit that results in a substantial legal liability for us (and particularly a lawsuit that is not insured), could have a disproportionate and material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, an adverse result in regulatory proceedings, if applicable, could result in fines or other liabilities or adversely impact our operations. prolonged or complex investigations, even if they do not result in regulatory or other proceedings or adverse findings, may result in significant costs that may not be covered by insurance and in diversion of employee resources. in addition, we depend on our business relationships and our reputation for high-caliber professional services to attract and retain clients. as a result, allegations against us, or the announcement of a regulatory investigation involving us, irrespective of the ultimate outcome of that allegation or investigation, may harm our professional reputation and as such materially damage our business and its prospects.
our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected by new laws or regulations or by changes in existing laws or regulations or the application thereof. if we fail to comply with laws and regulations applicable to us, or make incorrect determinations in complex tax regimes, we may incur material financial penalties.
we are subject to numerous federal, state, local and non-u.s. laws and regulations specific to the services we perform in our business. brokerage of real estate sales and leasing transactions and the provision of property management and valuation services require us and our employees to maintain applicable licenses in each u.s. state and certain non-u.s. jurisdictions in which we perform these services. if we and our employees fail to maintain our licenses or conduct these activities without a license, or violate any of the regulations covering our licenses, we may be required to pay fines (including treble damages in certain states) or return commissions received or have our licenses suspended or revoked. a number of our services, including the services provided by our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, cbre capital markets and cbre investment management, are subject to regulation by the sec, financial industry regulatory authority (finra), or other self-regulatory organizations and state securities regulators and compliance failures or regulatory action could adversely affect our business. we could be subject to disciplinary or other actions in the future due to claimed noncompliance with these regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability.
we are also subject to laws of broader applicability, such as tax, securities, environmental, employment laws and anti-bribery, anti-money laundering and corruption laws, including the fair labor standards act, occupational health and safety regulations, u.s. state wage-and-hour laws, the u.s. fcpa and the u.k. bribery act. failure to comply with these requirements could result in the imposition of significant fines by governmental authorities, awards of damages to private litigants and significant amounts paid in legal fees or settlements of these matters.
as the size and scope of our business has increased significantly, compliance with numerous licensing and other regulatory requirements and the possible loss resulting from non-compliance have both increased. new or revised legislation or regulations applicable to our business, both within and outside of the u.s., as well as changes in administrations or enforcement priorities may have an adverse effect on our business, including increasing the costs of regulatory compliance or preventing us from providing certain types of services in certain jurisdictions or in connection with certain transactions or clients. we are unable to predict how any of these new laws, rules, regulations and proposals will be implemented or in what form, or whether any additional or similar changes to laws or regulations, including the interpretation or implementation thereof, will occur in the future. any such action could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways and could have an adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
exposure to additional tax liabilities and changes in tax laws and regulations or could adversely affect our financial results.
we operate in many jurisdictions with complex and varied tax regimes and are subject to different forms of taxation resulting in a variable effective tax rate. due to the different tax laws in the many jurisdictions where we operate, we are often required to make subjective determinations. the tax authorities in the various jurisdictions where we carry on business may not agree with the determinations that are made by us with respect to the application of tax law. such disagreements could result in disputes and, ultimately, in the payment of additional funds to the government authorities in the jurisdictions where we carry on business, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, changes in tax rules or the outcome of tax assessments and audits could have an adverse effect on our results in any particular quarter.
in addition, changes in tax laws or regulations, including developments arising from proposed u.s. tax legislation, the final form of which is uncertain and multi-jurisdictional changes enacted in response to the action items provided by the organization for economic co-operation and development (oecd), increase tax uncertainty and could impact the company's effective tax rate and provision for income taxes. given the unpredictability of possible further changes to and the potential interdependency of the united states or foreign tax laws and regulations, it is difficult to predict the cumulative effect of such tax laws and regulations on the company's results of operations.
we may be subject to environmental liability as a result of our role as a property or facility manager or developer of real estate.
various laws and regulations impose liability on real property owners or operators for the cost of investigating, cleaning up or removing contamination caused by hazardous or toxic substances at a property. in our role as a property or facility manager or developer, we could be held liable as an operator for such costs. this liability may be imposed without regard to the legality of the original actions and without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. if we fail to disclose environmental issues, we could also be liable to a buyer or lessee of a property. if we incur any such liability, our business could suffer significantly as it could be difficult for us to develop or sell such properties, or borrow funds using such properties as collateral. in the event of a substantial liability, our insurance coverage might be insufficient to pay the full damages, or the scope of available coverage may not cover certain of these liabilities. additionally, liabilities incurred to comply with more stringent future environmental requirements could adversely affect any or all of our lines of business.
risks related to our internal controls and accounting policies if we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and our results of operations and stock price could be materially adversely affected.
the accuracy of our financial reporting is dependent on the effectiveness of our internal controls. we are required to provide a report from management to our stockholders on our internal control over financial reporting that includes an assessment of the effectiveness of these controls. as disclosed in part ii, item 9a, during the fourth quarter of 2019, management identified several material weaknesses in internal control related to our global workplace solutions segment in the europe, middle east & africa region, or gws emea. we made significant progress during the prior and the current fiscal year and remediated certain material weaknesses. even though a material misstatement was not identified in the gws emea financial statements, it was determined that there was a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement in the gws emea revenue & receivables, and journal entries would not have been prevented or detected on a timely basis and, therefore, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of december 31, 2021. internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations, including human error, the possibility that controls could be circumvented or become inadequate because of changed conditions, and fraud. because of these inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting might not prevent or detect all misstatements or fraud. if we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses in a timely manner, or are otherwise unable to maintain and execute adequate internal control over financial reporting or implement required new or improved controls that provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of the financial reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external use, we could suffer harm to our reputation, incur incremental compliance costs, fail to meet our public reporting requirements on a timely basis, be unable to properly report on our business and our results of operations, or be required to restate our financial statements, and our results of operations, our stock price and our ability to obtain new business could be materially adversely affected.
our goodwill and other intangible assets could become impaired, which may require us to take material non-cash charges against earnings.
under current accounting guidelines, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets has been impaired. any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of such analysis would result in a non-cash charge against earnings, and such charge could materially adversely affect our reported results of operations, stockholders' equity and our stock price. a significant and sustained decline in our future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the economic environment, slower growth rates or if our stock price falls below our net book value per share for a sustained period, could result in the need to perform additional impairment analysis in future periods. if we were to conclude that a future write-down of goodwill or other intangible assets is necessary, then we would record such additional charges, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
risks related to our investments we have equity investments in certain companies that we do not control, which subject us to risks related to their respective businesses.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $1.2 billion invested in unconsolidated subsidiaries that were accounted for under the cost method of accounting, equity method or fair value. this included $368 million associated with our investment in altus power, inc., which merged with a spac that we sponsored. these investments are subject to risks related to the businesses in which we invest, which may be different than the risks inherent in our own business. factors beyond our control can significantly influence the value of these investments and may cause their fair value to decrease or adversely impact our ability to recognize a gain on such investments. these factors include decisions made by management or controlling stockholders of such businesses, who may have interests different than those of cbre, and instability in the capital markets. any of these factors, among others, could cause realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in the future, we may acquire more equity investments that are not consolidated and may sponsor additional spacs, which could increase our exposure to the risks described above.
cautionary note on forward-looking statements this annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended (the securities act) and section 21e of the exchange act. the words "anticipate," "believe," "could," "should," "propose," "continue," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "predict," "project," "will" and similar terms and phrases are used in this annual report to identify forward-looking statements. except for historical information contained herein, the matters addressed in this annual report are forward-looking statements. these statements relate to analyses and other information based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. these statements also relate to our future prospects, developments and business strategies.
these forward-looking statements are made based on our management's expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting us and are subject to uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. these uncertainties and factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements.
the following factors are among those, but are not only those, that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements:
•disruptions in general economic, political and regulatory conditions and significant public health events, particularly in geographies or industry sectors where our business may be concentrated;
•volatility or adverse developments in the securities, capital or credit markets, interest rate increases and conditions affecting the value of real estate assets, inside and outside the u.s.;
•poor performance of real estate investments or other conditions that negatively impact clients' willingness to make real estate or long-term contractual commitments and the cost and availability of capital for investment in real estate;
•foreign currency fluctuations and changes in currency restrictions, trade sanctions and import/export and transfer pricing rules;
•disruptions to business, market and operational conditions related to the covid-19 pandemic and the impact of government rules and regulations intended to mitigate the effects of this pandemic, including, without limitation, rules and regulations that impact us as a loan originator and servicer for u.s. gses;
•our ability to compete globally, or in specific geographic markets or business segments that are material to us;
•our ability to identify, acquire and integrate accretive businesses;
•costs and potential future capital requirements relating to businesses we may acquire;
•integration challenges arising out of companies we may acquire;
•increases in unemployment and general slowdowns in commercial activity;
•trends in pricing and risk assumption for commercial real estate services;
•the effect of significant changes in capitalization rates across different property types;
•a reduction by companies in their reliance on outsourcing for their commercial real estate needs, which would affect our revenues and operating performance;
•client actions to restrain project spending and reduce outsourced staffing levels;
•our ability to further diversify our revenue model to offset cyclical economic trends in the commercial real estate industry;
•our ability to attract new user and investor clients;
•our ability to retain major clients and renew related contracts;
•our ability to leverage our global services platform to maximize and sustain long-term cash flow;
•our ability to continue investing in our platform and client service offerings;
•our ability to maintain expense discipline;
•the emergence of disruptive business models and technologies;
•negative publicity or harm to our brand and reputation;
•the failure by third parties to comply with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements;
•the ability of our investment management business to maintain and grow assets under management and achieve desired investment returns for our investors, and any potential related litigation, liabilities or reputational harm possible if we fail to do so;
•our ability to manage fluctuations in net earnings and cash flow, which could result from poor performance in our investment programs, including our participation as a principal in real estate investments;
•the ability of cbre capital markets to periodically amend, or replace, on satisfactory terms, the agreements for its warehouse lines of credit;
•declines in lending activity of u.s. gses, regulatory oversight of such activity and our mortgage servicing revenue from the commercial real estate mortgage market;
•changes in u.s. and international law and regulatory environments (including relating to anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, trade sanctions, tariffs, currency controls and other trade control laws), particularly in asia, africa, russia, eastern europe and the middle east, due to the level of political instability in those regions;
•litigation and its financial and reputational risks to us;
•our exposure to liabilities in connection with real estate advisory and property management activities and our ability to procure sufficient insurance coverage on acceptable terms;
•our ability to retain, attract and incentivize key personnel;
•our ability to manage organizational challenges associated with our size;
•liabilities under guarantees, or for construction defects, that we incur in our development services business;
•variations in historically customary seasonal patterns that cause our business not to perform as expected;
•our leverage under our debt instruments as well as the limited restrictions therein on our ability to incur additional debt, and the potential increased borrowing costs to us from a credit-ratings downgrade;
•our and our employees' ability to execute on, and adapt to, information technology strategies and trends;
•cybersecurity threats or other threats to our information technology networks, including the potential misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data or operational disruption;
•our ability to comply with laws and regulations related to our global operations, including real estate licensure, tax, labor and employment laws and regulations, as well as data privacy and protection regulations, and the anti-corruption laws and trade sanctions of the u.s. and other countries;
•changes in applicable tax or accounting requirements;
•any inability for us to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting;
•the effect of implementation of new accounting rules and standards or the impairment of our goodwill and intangible assets;
•the performance of our equity investments in companies we do not control; and
•the other factors described elsewhere in this annual report, included under the headings "risk factors," "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting policies," "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" or as described in the other documents and reports we file with the sec.
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made. you should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. if we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. additional information concerning these and other risks and uncertainties is contained in our other periodic filings with the sec.
investors and others should note that we routinely announce financial and other material information using our investor relations website (https://ir.cbre.com), sec filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. we use these channels of distribution to communicate with our investors and members of the public about our company, our services and other items of interest. information contained on our website is not part of this annual report or our other filings with the sec.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is designed to provide the reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results. this md&a should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 and comparisons between the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 is included in part ii, item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the company's annual report filed with the sec on february 24, 2021.
overview we are the world's largest commercial real estate services and investment firm, based on 2021 revenue, with leading global market positions in our leasing, property sales, occupier outsourcing and valuation businesses. as of december 31, 2021, the company has more than 105,000 employees (excluding turner & townsend employees) serving clients in more than 100 countries.
we provide services to real estate investors and occupiers. for investors, our services include capital markets (property sales, mortgage origination, sales and servicing), property leasing, investment management, property management, valuation and development services, among others. for occupiers, our services include facilities management, project management, transaction (both property sales and leasing) and consulting services, among others. we provide services under the following brand names: "cbre" (real estate advisory and outsourcing services); "cbre investment management" (investment management); "trammell crow company" (u.s. development); "telford homes" (u.k. development); and "turner & townsend holdings limited". during 2020, cbre sponsored a special purpose acquisition company, or spac, cbre acquisition holdings, inc., which merged with and into altus power, inc., a leading provider of solar energy for commercial and industrial properties. altus power inc. (altus) began trading on the new york stock exchange (nyse) on december 10, 2021 under the ticker symbol "amps."
we generate revenue from both stable, recurring (large multi-year portfolio and per project contracts) and more cyclical, non-recurring sources, including commissions on transactions. our revenue mix has become heavily weighted towards stable revenue sources, particularly occupier outsourcing, with our dependence on highly cyclical property sales and lease transaction revenue declining markedly. we believe we are well-positioned to capture a substantial and growing share of market opportunities at a time when investors and occupiers increasingly prefer to purchase integrated, account-based services on a national and global basis.
in 2021, we generated revenue from a highly diversified base of clients, including more than 93 of the fortune 100 companies. we have been an s&p 500 company since 2006 and in 2021 we were ranked #122 on the fortune 500. we have been voted the most recognized commercial real estate brand in the lipsey company survey for 21 years in a row (including 2021). we have also been rated a world's most ethical company by the ethisphere institute for eight consecutive years (including 2021, the most recent year the award has been announced), and included in the dow jones world sustainability index for three years in a row and the bloomberg gender-equality index for three years in a row.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with gaap, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts. the estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and on other factors that we believe to be reasonable. actual results may differ from those estimates. we believe that the following critical accounting policies represent the areas where more significant judgments and estimates are used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition to recognize revenue in a transaction with a customer, we evaluate the five steps of the accounting standards codification (asc) topic 606 revenue recognition framework: (1) identify the contract; (2) identify the performance obligations(s) in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation(s) and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the performance obligations are satisfied.
our revenue recognition policies are consistent with this five step framework. understanding the complex terms of agreements and determining the appropriate time, amount, and method to recognize revenue for each transaction requires significant judgement. these significant judgements include: (i) determining what point in time or what measure of progress depicts the transfer of control to the customer; (ii) applying the series guidance to certain performance obligations satisfied over time; (iii) estimating how and when contingencies, or other forms of variable consideration, will impact the timing and amount of recognition of revenue and (iv) determining whether we control third party services before they are transferred to the customer in order to appropriately recognize the associated fees on either a gross or net basis. the timing and amount of revenue recognition in a period could vary if different judgments were made. our revenues subject to the most judgment are brokerage commission revenue, incentive-based management fees, development fees and third party fees associated with our occupier outsourcing and property management services. for a detailed discussion of our revenue recognition policies, see the revenue recognition section within note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
business combinations, goodwill and other intangible assets our acquisitions require the application of purchase accounting, which results in tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities of the acquired entity being recorded at fair value. the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. deferred consideration arrangements granted in connection with a business combination are evaluated to determine whether all or a portion is, in substance, additional purchase price or compensation for services. additional purchase price is added to the fair value of consideration transferred in the business combination and compensation is included in operating expenses in the period it is incurred. in determining the fair values of assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, we use a variety of valuation methods including present value, depreciated replacement cost, market values (where available) and selling prices less costs to dispose. we are responsible for determining the valuation of assets and liabilities and for the allocation of purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
assumptions must often be made in determining fair values, particularly where observable market values do not exist. assumptions may include discount rates, growth rates, cost of capital, royalty rates, tax rates and remaining useful lives. these assumptions can have a significant impact on the value of identifiable assets and accordingly can impact the value of goodwill recorded. different assumptions could result in different values being attributed to assets and liabilities. since these values impact the amount of annual depreciation and amortization expense, different assumptions could also impact our statement of operations and could impact the results of future asset impairment reviews.
we are required to test goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives for impairment at least annually, or more often if circumstances or events indicate a change in the impairment status, in accordance with asc topic 350, "intangibles - goodwill and other" (topic 350). we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment with respect to any of our reporting units to determine whether a quantitative impairment test is needed. we are permitted to assess based on qualitative factors whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount before applying the quantitative goodwill impairment test. if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we would conduct a quantitative goodwill impairment test. if not, we do not need to apply the quantitative test. the qualitative test is elective and we can go directly to the quantitative test rather than making a more-likely-than-not assessment based on an evaluation of qualitative factors. when performing a quantitative test, we use a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. management's judgment is required in developing the assumptions for the discounted cash flow model. these assumptions include revenue growth rates, profit margin percentages, discount rates, etc. due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a business's fair value and the relative size of our goodwill, if different assumptions and estimates were used, it could have an adverse effect on our impairment analysis.
for additional information on goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing, see notes 2 and 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
income taxes income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method in accordance with the "accounting for income taxes," topic of the fasb asc (topic 740). deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured by applying enacted tax rates and laws and are released in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.
accounting for tax positions requires judgments, including estimating reserves for potential uncertainties. we also assess our ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carryforwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. we do not record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets that we believe will be realized in future periods. while we believe the resulting tax balances as of december 31, 2021 and 2020 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with topic 740, as applicable, the ultimate outcome of such matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material.
our future effective tax rate could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher statutory rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items.
see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report for further information regarding income taxes.
new accounting pronouncements see new accounting pronouncements discussion within note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
the sec issued release no. 33-10890 "management's discussion and analysis, selected financial data, supplementary financial information" which became fully effective on august 9, 2021. this release was adopted to modernize, simplify, and enhance certain financial disclosure requirements in regulation s-k. specifically, the requirement for selected financial data was eliminated, the requirement to disclose supplementary financial information was streamlined, and certain elements of required md&a disclosures were amended. these amendments are intended to eliminate duplicative disclosures and modernize and enhance md&a disclosures for the benefit of investors, while simplifying compliance efforts for registrants.
with our adoption of this release, we have applied the required amendments where applicable to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
seasonality in a typical year, a significant portion of our revenue is seasonal, which an investor should keep in mind when comparing our financial condition and results of operations on a quarter-by-quarter basis. historically, our revenue, operating income, net income and cash flow from operating activities have tended to be lowest in the first quarter and highest in the fourth quarter of each year. revenue, earnings and cash flow have generally been concentrated in the fourth calendar quarter due to the focus on completing sales, financing and leasing transactions prior to year-end. the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic may cause seasonality to deviate from historical patterns.
inflation our commissions and other variable costs related to revenue are primarily affected by commercial real estate market supply and demand, which may be affected by inflation. for example, input costs for construction materials in our development business have increased as a result of inflation related to supply chain issues and worker shortages, respectively. however, these increases have been more than offset by rising property values. we believe that our business has significant inherent protections against inflation, and to date, general inflation has not had a material impact upon our operations. the company continues to monitor inflation, potential monetary policy changes in response to high inflation and potentially adverse effects to our business from either higher inflation or interest rates, or both.
items affecting comparability when you read our financial statements and the information included in this annual report, you should consider that we have experienced, and continue to experience, several material trends and uncertainties (particularly those caused or exacerbated by covid-19) that have affected our financial condition and results of operations that make it challenging to predict our future performance based on our historical results. we believe that the following material trends and uncertainties are crucial to an understanding of the variability in our historical earnings and cash flows and the potential for continued variability in the future.
macroeconomic conditions economic trends and government policies affect global and regional commercial real estate markets as well as our operations directly. these include overall economic activity and employment growth, with specific sensitivity to growth in office-based employment; interest rate levels and changes in interest rates; the cost and availability of credit; and the impact of tax and regulatory policies. periods of economic weakness or recession, significantly rising interest rates, fiscal uncertainty, declining employment levels, decreasing demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values, disruption to the global capital or credit markets, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, will negatively affect the performance of our business.
compensation is our largest expense and our sales and leasing professionals generally are paid on a commission and/or bonus basis that correlates with their revenue production. as a result, the negative effects on our operating margins of difficult market conditions, such as the environment that prevailed in the early months of the covid-19 pandemic, are partially mitigated by the inherent variability of our compensation cost structure. in addition, when negative economic conditions have been particularly severe, like during the current covid-19 pandemic, we have moved decisively to lower operating expenses to improve financial performance. additionally, our contractual revenue has increased primarily as a result of growth in our outsourcing business, and we believe this contractual revenue should help offset the negative impacts that macroeconomic deterioration could have on other parts of our business. we also believe that we have significantly improved the resiliency of our business through a four-dimension diversification strategy that expanded the business strategically across asset types, clients, geographies and lines of business. nevertheless, adverse global and regional economic trends could pose significant risks to the performance of our consolidated operations and financial condition.
effects of acquisitions and investments we have historically made significant use of strategic acquisitions to add and enhance service capabilities around the world. on november 1, 2021, we acquired a 60% controlling ownership interest in turner & townsend holdings limited (turner & townsend). we believe that this partnership will help us advance our diversification strategy across four dimensions including asset types, lines of business, clients, and geographies. turner & townsend is a leading professional services company specializing in program management, project management, cost and commercial management and advisory services across the real estate, infrastructure and natural resources sectors, and is consolidated and reported in our global workplace solutions segment. turner & townsend was acquired for £960.0 million, or $1.3 billion along with the acquisition of $44.0 million (£32.2 million) in cash. the turner & townsend acquisition was funded with cash on hand and gross deferred purchase consideration of $591.2 million (£432.0 million).
strategic in-fill acquisitions have also played a key role in strengthening our service offerings. the companies we acquired have generally been regional or specialty firms that complement our existing platform, or independent affiliates, which, in some cases, we held a small equity interest. in early 2022, we acquired a spanish project management company.
during 2021, we completed eight in-fill acquisitions: a u.s. firm that provides construction and project management services, a professional service advisory firm in australia, a u.s. firm focused on investment banking and investment sales in the global gaming real estate market, a leading facilities management firm in the netherlands, a workplace interior design and project management company in singapore, a property management firm in france, a residential brokerage in the netherlands, and an occupancy management company based in the u.s.
during 2020, we completed six in-fill acquisitions: leading local facilities management firms in spain and italy, a u.s. firm that helps companies reduce telecommunications costs, a technology-focused project management firm based in florida, a firm specializing in performing real estate valuations in south korea, and a facilities management and technical maintenance firm in australia.
also, during 2021, we made an incremental investment in industrious, a leading provider of premium flexible workplace solutions in the u.s., bringing its current non-controlling ownership stake to 40%. as part of this investment, we contributed hana, our legacy flexible office space business, into industrious. during the fourth quarter of 2021, our company-sponsored spac merged with and into altus power, inc. our investment in common shares of altus and related interests were approximately $368 million at december 31, 2021.
we believe strategic acquisitions can significantly decrease the cost, time and resources necessary to attain a meaningful competitive position - or expand our capabilities - within targeted markets or business lines. in general, however, most acquisitions will initially have an adverse impact on our operating income and net income as a result of transaction-related expenditures, including severance, lease termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, as well as costs and charges associated with integrating the acquired business and integrating its financial and accounting systems into our own.
our acquisition structures often include deferred and/or contingent purchase consideration in future periods that are subject to the passage of time or achievement of certain performance metrics and other conditions. as of december 31, 2021, we have accrued deferred purchase and contingent considerations totaling $630.1 million, which is included in "accounts payable and accrued expenses" and in "other long-term liabilities" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
international operations we conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the u.s. as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. our real estate investments business has a significant amount of euro-denominated assets under management, as well as associated revenue and earnings in europe. in addition, our global workplace solutions business also has a significant amount of its revenue and earnings denominated in foreign currencies, such as the euro and british pound sterling. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have resulted and may continue to result in corresponding fluctuations in our aum, revenue and earnings.
our businesses could suffer from the effects of public health crises (such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic), political or economic disruptions (or the perception that such disruptions may occur) that affect interest rates or liquidity or create financial, market or regulatory uncertainty.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, approximately 43% of our revenue was transacted in foreign currencies. the following table sets forth our revenue derived from our most significant currencies (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                       2020
united states dollar            $15,700,279                    56.6   %                 $13,472,013                    56.5   %
british pound sterling            3,617,504                    13.0   %                   3,083,810                    13.0   %
euro                              2,840,203                    10.2   %                   2,612,421                    11.0   %
canadian dollar                   1,068,838                     3.9   %                     788,497                     3.3   %
australian dollar                   613,847                     2.2   %                     417,060                     1.8   %
chinese yuan                        475,185                     1.7   %                     387,099                     1.6   %
indian rupee                        454,859                     1.6   %                     469,977                     2.0   %
swiss franc                         391,062                     1.4   %                     334,558                     1.4   %
japanese yen                        373,828                     1.3   %                     341,447                     1.4   %
singapore dollar                    309,376                     1.1   %                     259,721                     1.1   %
other currencies (1)              1,901,055                     7.0   %                   1,659,592                     6.9   %
total revenue                   $27,746,036                   100.0   %                 $23,826,195                   100.0   %
_______________
(1)approximately 48 currencies comprise 7.0% of our revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021, and approximately 40 currencies comprise 6.9% of our revenue for the year ended december 31, 2020.
although we operate globally, we report our results in u.s. dollars. as a result, the strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar may positively or negatively impact our reported results. for example, we estimate that had the british pound sterling-to-u.s. dollar exchange rates been 10% higher during the year ended december 31, 2021, the net impact would have been an increase in pre-tax income of $8.3 million. had the euro-to-u.s. dollar exchange rates been 10% higher during the year ended december 31, 2021, the net impact would have been an increase in pre-tax income of $18.1 million. these hypothetical calculations estimate the impact of translating results into u.s. dollars and do not include an estimate of the impact that a 10% change in the u.s. dollar against other currencies would have had on our foreign operations.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may result in corresponding fluctuations in revenue and earnings as well as the assets under management for our investment management business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results. in addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the u.s. dollar may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period comparisons of our reported results of operations. our international operations also are subject to, among other things, political instability and changing regulatory environments, which affect the currency markets and which as a result may adversely affect our future financial condition and results of operations. we routinely monitor these risks and related costs and evaluate the appropriate amount of oversight to allocate towards business activities in foreign countries where such risks and costs are particularly significant.
results of operations the following table sets forth items derived from our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                                            2020 (1)
revenue:
net revenue:
facilities management                                                   $4,872,230                    17.6   %                  $4,489,972                      18.9   %
property management                                                      1,691,948                     6.1   %                   1,618,565                       6.8   %
project management                                                       1,537,215                     5.5   %                   1,322,267                       5.5   %
valuation                                                                  733,523                     2.6   %                     614,158                       2.6   %
loan servicing                                                             305,736                     1.1   %                     239,596                       1.0   %
advisory leasing                                                         3,306,548                    11.9   %                   2,460,392                      10.3   %
capital markets:
advisory sales                                                           2,789,573                    10.1   %                   1,663,959                       7.0   %
commercial mortgage origination                                            701,368                     2.5   %                     577,864                       2.4   %
investment management                                                      556,154                     2.0   %                     474,939                       2.0   %
development services                                                       535,562                     1.9   %                     356,591                       1.4   %
corporate, other and eliminations                                         (20,356)                     0.0   %                    (27,930)                     (0.1)   %
total net revenue                                                       17,009,501                    61.3   %                  13,790,373                      57.9   %
pass through costs also recognized as revenue                           10,736,535                    38.7   %                  10,035,822                      42.1   %
total revenue                                                           27,746,036                   100.0   %                  23,826,195                     100.0   %
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue                                                         21,579,507                    77.8   %                  19,047,620                      79.9   %
operating, administrative and other                                      4,074,184                    14.7   %                   3,306,205                      13.9   %
depreciation and amortization                                              525,871                     1.9   %                     501,728                       2.1   %
asset impairments                                                                -                     0.0   %                      88,676                       0.4   %
total costs and expenses                                                26,179,562                    94.4   %                  22,944,229                      96.3   %
gain on disposition of real estate                                          70,993                     0.3   %                      87,793                       0.4   %
operating income                                                         1,637,467                     5.9   %                     969,759                       4.1   %
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries                             618,697                     2.2   %                     126,161                       0.5   %
other income                                                               203,609                     0.7   %                      17,394                       0.1   %
interest expense, net of interest income                                    50,352                     0.2   %                      67,753                       0.3   %
write-off of financing costs on extinguished debt                                -                     0.0   %                      75,592                       0.3   %
income before provision for income taxes                                 2,409,421                     8.7   %                     969,969                       4.1   %
provision for income taxes                                                 567,506                     2.0   %                     214,101                       0.9   %
net income                                                               1,841,915                     6.6   %                     755,868                       3.2   %
less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests                   5,341                     0.0   %                       3,879                       0.0   %
net income attributable to cbre group, inc.                              1,836,574                     6.6   %                     751,989                       3.2   %
consolidated adjusted ebitda (2)                                        $3,074,412                    11.1   %                  $1,896,264                       8.0   %
adjusted ebitda attributable to non-controlling interests (2)              $13,435                                                  $3,879
adjusted ebitda attributable to cbre group, inc. (2)                    $3,060,977                                              $1,892,385
_______________________________
(1)see discussion in segment operations for organization changes effective january 1, 2021. prior period results have been recast to conform with these changes.
(2)in conjunction with the acquisition of a 60% interest in turner & townsend in the fourth quarter of 2021, we modified our definition of consolidated adjusted ebitda and segment operating profit (sop) to be inclusive of net income attributable to non-controlling interests and have recast prior periods to conform to this definition. the attribution of adjusted ebitda and sop to non-controlling interests for prior periods was deemed to be materially the same as net income attributable to non-controlling interests in such periods.
net revenue and consolidated adjusted ebitda are not recognized measurements under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, or gaap. when analyzing our operating performance, investors should use these measures in addition to, and not as an alternative for, their most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. we generally use these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate operating performance and for other discretionary purposes. we believe these measures provide a more complete understanding of ongoing operations, enhance comparability of current results to prior periods and may be useful for investors to analyze our financial performance because they eliminate the impact of selected costs and charges that may obscure the underlying performance of our business and related trends. because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of net revenue and consolidated adjusted ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
net revenue is gross revenue less costs largely associated with subcontracted vendor work performed for clients and generally has no margin. prior to 2021, the company utilized fee revenue to analyze the overall financial performance. fee revenue excluded additional reimbursed costs, primarily related to employees dedicated to clients, some of which included minimal margin.
we use consolidated adjusted ebitda as an indicator of consolidated financial performance. it represents earnings before the portion attributable to non-controlling interests, net interest expense, write-off of financing costs on extinguished debt, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, asset impairments, adjustments related to certain carried interest incentive compensation expense (reversal) to align with the timing of associated revenue, fair value adjustments to real estate assets acquired in the telford acquisition (purchase accounting) that were sold in the period, costs incurred related to legal entity restructuring, costs associated with workforce optimization, transformation initiatives and integration and other costs related to acquisitions. we believe that investors may find these measures useful in evaluating our operating performance compared to that of other companies in our industry because their calculations generally eliminate the effects of acquisitions, which would include impairment charges of goodwill and intangibles created from acquisitions, the effects of financings and income taxes and the accounting effects of capital spending.
consolidated adjusted ebitda is not intended to be a measure of free cash flow for our discretionary use because it does not consider certain cash requirements such as tax and debt service payments. this measure may also differ from the amounts calculated under similarly titled definitions in our credit facilities and debt instruments, which are further adjusted to reflect certain other cash and non-cash charges and are used by us to determine compliance with financial covenants therein and our ability to engage in certain activities, such as incurring additional debt. we also use consolidated adjusted ebitda as a significant component when measuring our operating performance under our employee incentive compensation programs.
consolidated adjusted ebitda is calculated as follows (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                            2020
net income attributable to cbre group, inc.                                      $1,836,574                            $751,989
net income attributable to non-controlling interests                                  5,341                               3,879
net income                                                                        1,841,915                             755,868
add:
depreciation and amortization                                                       525,871                             501,728
asset impairments                                                                         -                              88,676
interest expense, net of interest income                                             50,352                              67,753
write-off of financing costs on extinguished debt                                         -                              75,592
provision for income taxes                                                          567,506                             214,101
costs associated with transformation initiatives (1)                                      -                             155,148
carried interest incentive compensation expense (reversal)                           49,941                            (22,912)
to align with the timing of associated revenue impact of fair value adjustments to real estate assets acquired in the              (5,725)                              11,598
telford acquisition (purchase accounting) that were sold in period costs incurred related to legal entity restructuring                                      -                               9,362
integration and other costs related to acquisitions                                  44,552                               1,756
costs associated with workforce optimization efforts (2)                                  -                              37,594
consolidated adjusted ebitda                                                     $3,074,412                          $1,896,264
_______________
(1)during 2020, management began the implementation of certain transformation initiatives to enable the company to reduce costs, streamline operations and support future growth. the majority of expenses incurred were cash in nature and primarily related to employee separation benefits, lease termination costs and professional fees. see note 21 of our notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(2)primarily represents costs incurred related to workforce optimization initiated and executed in the second quarter of 2020 as part of management's cost containment efforts in response to the covid-19 pandemic. the charges are cash expenditures primarily for severance costs incurred related to this effort. of the total costs, $7.4 million was included within the "cost of revenue" line item and $30.2 million was included in the "operating, administrative, and other" line item in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020.
year ended december 31, 2021 compared to year ended december 31, 2020
we reported consolidated net income of $1.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021 on revenue of $27.7 billion as compared to consolidated net income of $752.0 million on revenue of $23.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020.
our revenue on a consolidated basis for the year ended december 31, 2021 increased by $3.9 billion, or 16.5%, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. overall revenue generated by the advisory services segment increased by 32.7%, primarily due to a notable rebound in sales and lease revenue as we continue to recover from the impacts of the pandemic across our major markets. the increase was also due to an uptick in revenue from our commercial mortgage origination and loan servicing line of business primarily driven by an active private lending market. revenue generated by our global workplace solutions segment increased 8.2% as compared to 2020 led by growth in our facilities management line of business, driven by its contractual nature, and also in the project management space supported by turner & townsend which contributed approximately $194.0 million in total revenue. our asset under management (aum) portfolio grew substantially during the year contributing to an increase in asset management fees in our real estate investments segment. revenue generated from sales in our development service line of business increased dramatically this year as we continue to recover from market activity that was generally suppressed due to the pandemic last year. foreign currency translation had a 2.0% positive impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by strength in the canadian dollar, british pound sterling and euro, partially offset by weakness in the argentine peso and brazilian real.
our cost of revenue on a consolidated basis increased by $2.5 billion, or 13.3%, during the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the same period in 2020. this increase was primarily due to higher costs associated with our global workplace solutions segment due to growth in our facilities management and project management business and higher costs associated with our advisory services segment primarily due to significant growth in our sales and leasing business. foreign currency translation had a 2.0% negative impact on total cost of revenue during the year ended december 31, 2021. cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased from 79.9% for the year ended december 31, 2020 to 77.8% for the year ended december 31, 2021. this was primarily driven by an increase in the real estate investment segment investment management fees due to growth in aum that does not have an associated cost of revenue as well as a shift in the overall composition of revenue with advisory services contributing more to current year revenue than it did last year.
our operating, administrative and other expenses on a consolidated basis increased by $768.0 million, or 23.2%, during the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the same period in 2020. operating expenses as a percentage of revenue increased from 13.9% for the year ended december 31, 2020 to 14.7% for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase was primarily due to higher integration and other acquisition costs (primarily due to the turner & townsend acquisition), higher expenses associated with maintenance of our operational infrastructure, and an increase in overall compensation expense, including support staff compensation and related benefits, overall bonus accrual, and stock compensation expense which are primarily tied to significant improvement in the business performance for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. this was partially offset by lower expenses associated with bad debt write off and associated provision expenses. foreign currency translation also had a 2.1% negative impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2021.
our depreciation and amortization expense on a consolidated basis increased by $24.1 million, or 4.8%, during the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the same period in 2020. this increase was primarily attributable to accelerated amortization of mortgage servicing rights due to early loan payoffs in our loan servicing business line. in addition, we recorded approximately $19.7 million in depreciation and amortization expense primarily related to definite-lived intangibles identified as part of the turner & townsend acquisition.
we did not record any asset impairments during the year ended december 31, 2021. our asset impairments on a consolidated basis totaled $88.7 million during the year ended december 31, 2020 and consisted of a $50.2 million of non-cash asset impairment charges in our global workplace solutions segment, a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $25.0 million and non-cash asset impairment charges of $13.5 million in our real estate investments segment. these impairments were recorded primarily due to triggering events associated with covid-19.
our gain on disposition of real estate on a consolidated basis decreased by $16.8 million, or 19.1%, during the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the same period in 2020. these gains resulted from decreased activity related to property sales on consolidated deals within our real estate investments segment.
our equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries on a consolidated basis increased by $492.5 million, or 390.4%, during the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the same period in 2020, primarily driven by higher equity earnings associated with property sales reported in our real estate investments segment, our positive fair value adjustment related to our investment in industrious and higher equity earnings associated with certain non-controlling equity investments reported in our corporate and other segment.
our other income on a consolidated basis was $203.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 versus $17.4 million for the same period in the prior year. the increase was primarily due to a non-cash gain of $187.5 million that was recorded as part of the deconsolidation of cbre acquisition holdings upon its merger with and into altus power, inc. at which point we recorded our equity investment and related interests in altus at fair value.
our consolidated interest expense, net of interest income, decreased by $17.4 million, or 25.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the same period in 2020. this decrease was primarily due to interest expense associated with the 5.25% senior note which was fully paid off in december 31, 2020, and offset by interest expense associated with a favorable term 2.500% senior note issued in march 2021.
we did not incur any write-off of financing costs on extinguished debt on a consolidated basis for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to $75.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the costs for the year ended december 31, 2020 included a $73.6 million premium paid and the write-off of $2.0 million of unamortized premium and debt issuance costs in connection with the redemption, in full, of the $425.0 million aggregate outstanding principal amount of our 5.25% senior notes.
our provision for income taxes on a consolidated basis was $567.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to $214.1 million for the same period in 2020. our effective tax rate increased from 22.0% for the year ended december 31, 2020 to 23.6% for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase is primarily due to an increase in the provision for state income taxes, net of federal benefit, and a decrease of tax credits in 2021.
segment operations we organize our operations around, and publicly report our financial results on, three global business segments: (1) advisory services; (2) global workplace solutions; and (3) real estate investments. for additional information on our segments, see note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
advisory services the following table summarizes our results of operations for our advisory services operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                                                         2020
revenue:
net revenue:
property management                                                              $1,691,948                      17.7   %                  $1,618,565                    22.4   %
valuation                                                                           733,523                       7.7   %                     614,158                     8.5   %
loan servicing                                                                      305,736                       3.2   %                     239,596                     3.3   %
advisory leasing                                                                  3,306,548                      34.5   %                   2,460,392                    34.1   %
capital markets:
advisory sales                                                                    2,789,573                      29.1   %                   1,663,959                    23.1   %
commercial mortgage origination                                                     701,368                       7.3   %                     577,864                     8.0   %
total segment net revenue                                                         9,528,696                      99.5   %                   7,174,534                    99.4   %
pass through costs also recognized as revenue                                        47,063                       0.5   %                      40,028                     0.6   %
total segment revenue                                                             9,575,759                     100.0   %                   7,214,562                   100.0   %
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue                                                                   5,642,202                      58.9   %                   4,313,550                    59.9   %
operating, administrative and other                                               1,886,308                      19.7   %                   1,669,761                    23.1   %
depreciation and amortization                                                       311,397                       3.3   %                     311,445                     4.3   %
operating income                                                                  1,735,852                      18.1   %                     919,806                    12.7   %
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries                                       24,778                       0.3   %                       4,526                     0.1   %
other (loss) income                                                                 (8,800)                     (0.1)   %                       3,937                     0.1   %
add-back: depreciation and amortization                                             311,397                       3.3   %                     311,445                     4.3   %
adjustments:
costs associated with transformation initiatives (1)                                      -                       0.0   %                      95,453                     1.3   %
costs associated with workforce optimization efforts (2)                                  -                       0.0   %                      12,659                     0.2   %
segment operating profit and segment operating profit on revenue margin          $2,063,227                      21.5   %                  $1,347,826                    18.7   %
segment operating profit on net revenue margin                                                                   21.7   %                                                18.8   %
segment operating profit attributable to non-controlling interests                   $1,913                                                      $858
segment operating profit attributable to cbre group, inc.                        $2,061,314                                                $1,346,968
_______________
(1)during 2020, management began the implementation of certain transformation initiatives to enable the company to reduce costs, streamline operations and support future growth. the majority of expenses incurred were cash in nature and primarily related to employee separation benefits, lease termination costs and professional fees. see note 21 of our notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(2)primarily represents costs incurred related to workforce optimization initiated and executed in the second quarter of 2020 as part of management's cost containment efforts in response to the covid-19 pandemic. the charges are cash expenditures primarily for severance costs incurred related to this effort. of the total costs, $6.3 million was included within the "cost of revenue" line item and $6.4 million was included in the "operating, administrative, and other" line item in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020.
year ended december 31, 2021 compared to year ended december 31, 2020
revenue increased by $2.4 billion, or 32.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the revenue increase consisted of following - leasing revenue increased 34.4%, sales revenue increased 67.6%, commercial mortgage origination and loan servicing income increased an average of 24.5%, and valuation revenue increased 19.4%. sales and lease revenue grew across all geographies with a dramatic increase in sales revenue in the americas which was up 79.6% as compared to the prior year. growth in industrial leasing and continued recovery in demand for office space were key contributors to the increase in leasing revenue. industrial and multifamily sales, particularly in the us, have increased as capital inflows continue. our loan servicing portfolio grew 23% as compared to last year resulting in an elevated loan servicing income. in addition, we recorded higher mortgage origination revenue as we experienced a robust increase in mortgage volume led by private lending. valuation revenue was up during the year, primarily due to increased activities in the americas and the asia pacific regions, due to ongoing improvement in the market conditions and higher average fees fueled by demand. foreign currency translation had a 1.9% positive impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by strength in british pound sterling, euro and canadian dollar, partially offset by weakness in the argentine peso and brazilian real.
cost of revenue increased by $1.3 billion, or 30.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the same period in 2020, primarily due to increased commission expense resulting from higher sales and leasing revenue and increased professional compensation to support the growth in the business. additionally, we recorded $39.3 million in employee separation benefits as cost of revenue as part of the workforce optimization and transformation initiatives during 2020. foreign currency translation had a 2.0% negative impact on total cost of revenue during the year ended december 31, 2021. cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased to 58.9% for the year ended december 31, 2021 versus 59.9% for the same period in 2020.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $216.5 million, or 13.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. this increase was primarily due to higher overall compensation expense primarily influenced by solid segment performance this year as compared to last year. this includes higher bonus expense, stock compensation expense and other incentive compensation expense. in addition, salaries and related benefits for the support staff was up this year to sustain the growth in the business. this was partially offset by lower occupancy expense and severance expense that were significant last year as part of the company's transformation initiatives and workspace rationalization measures. there was also an increase in consulting expense as we hired third party service providers to assist us with transition of certain back office processes to our shared service centers which is expected to drive future efficiencies. foreign currency translation had a 2.0% negative impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2021.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, mortgage servicing rights (msrs) contributed to operating income $185.1 million of gains recognized in conjunction with the origination and sale of mortgage loans, offset by $172.3 million of amortization of related intangible assets. for the year ended december 31, 2020, msrs contributed $207.8 million of gains recognized in conjunction with the origination and sale of mortgage loans, offset by $134.3 million of amortization of related intangible assets. the increase in amortization of msrs was primarily due to accelerated amortization related to early payoff of underlying loans during the year.
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries was up $20.3 million primarily driven by a positive fair value mark up on equity investments. other income (loss) decreased by $12.7 million during the current year. this loss was primarily due to negative valuation adjustment recorded on a revolving facility extended to an unconsolidated subsidiary.
global workplace solutions the following table summarizes our results of operations for our global workplace solutions operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                                                       2020
revenue:
net revenue:
facilities management                                                            $4,872,230                    28.5   %                  $4,489,972                    28.4   %
project management                                                                1,537,215                     9.0   %                   1,322,267                     8.4   %
total segment net revenue                                                         6,409,445                    37.5   %                   5,812,239                    36.8   %
pass through costs also recognized as revenue                                    10,689,472                    62.5   %                   9,995,794                    63.2   %
total segment revenue                                                            17,098,917                   100.0   %                  15,808,033                   100.0   %
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue                                                                  15,601,137                    91.2   %                  14,581,908                    92.3   %
operating, administrative and other                                                 839,117                     4.9   %                     695,179                     4.4   %
depreciation and amortization                                                       158,757                     0.9   %                     134,383                     0.9   %
asset impairments                                                                         -                     0.0   %                      50,171                     0.3   %
operating income                                                                    499,906                     3.0   %                     346,392                     2.1   %
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries                                        1,720                     0.0   %                          90                     0.0   %
other income                                                                          3,104                     0.1   %                       1,197                     0.0   %
add-back: depreciation and amortization                                             158,757                     0.9   %                     134,383                     0.9   %
add-back: asset impairments                                                               -                     0.0   %                      50,171                     0.3   %
adjustments:
integration and other costs related to acquisitions                                  44,552                     0.3   %                           -                     0.0   %
costs associated with transformation initiatives (1)                                      -                     0.0   %                      38,188                     0.2   %
costs associated with workforce optimization efforts (2)                                  -                     0.0   %                       4,878                     0.1   %
segment operating profit and segment operating profit on revenue margin            $708,039                     4.1   %                    $575,299                     3.6   %
segment operating profit on net revenue margin                                                                 11.0   %                                                 9.9   %
segment operating profit attributable to non-controlling interests                   $7,170                                                     $30
segment operating profit attributable to cbre group, inc.                          $700,869                                                $575,269
_______________
(1)during 2020, management began the implementation of certain transformation initiatives to enable the company to reduce costs, streamline operations and support future growth. the majority of expenses incurred were cash in nature and primarily related to employee separation benefits, lease termination costs and professional fees. see note 21 of our notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(2)primarily represents costs incurred related to workforce optimization initiated and executed in the second quarter of 2020 as part of management's cost containment efforts in response to the covid-19 pandemic. the charges are cash expenditures primarily for severance costs incurred related to this effort. of the total costs, $1.1 million was included within the "cost of revenue" line item and $3.8 million was included in the "operating, administrative, and other" line item in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020.
year ended december 31, 2021 compared to year ended december 31, 2020
revenue increased by $1.3 billion, or 8.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the revenue increase was primarily attributable to growth in our project management line of business, which increased 18% (excluding turner & townsend), supplemented by a moderate growth in facilities management revenue. we recorded approximately $194.0 million in revenue from our acquisition of turner & townsend in november 2021. the remaining growth in project management was primarily due to an elevated demand as we emerge from the pandemic. in 2021, we were responsible for implementing project management contracts, excluding turner & townsend, valued at approximately $133.0 billion versus $93.0 billion last year. foreign currency translation had a 2.0% positive impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by weakness in the argentine peso and brazilian real partially offset by strength in the british pound sterling and euro.
cost of revenue increased by $1.0 billion, or 7.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the same period in 2020, driven by higher revenue leading to higher pass through costs and increased professional compensation. foreign currency translation had a 1.9% negative impact on total cost of revenue during the year ended december 31, 2021. cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased slightly at 91.2% for the year ended december 31, 2021 versus 92.3% for the same period in 2020 as the business continues to manage related costs. additionally, we recorded $10.0 million in employee separation benefits last year as part of the workforce optimization and transformation initiatives that did not recur this year.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $143.9 million, or 20.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. this increase was due to operating expenses recorded from our consolidation of turner & townsend, $44.6 million related to acquisition and integration costs related to turner & townsend deal, higher bonus accrual tied to improved segment and consolidated results, stock compensation expense and continued investments to sustain the growth in the business in form of office management and administrative salaries. these increases were partially offset by minimal severance expense this year as compared to last when the company was executing programs such as workforce optimization and transformation initiatives. in addition, we recorded lower write-offs related to trade receivables and lower provisions. foreign currency translation also had a 2.4% negative impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2021.
real estate investments the following table summarizes our results of operations for our real estate investments (rei) operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                                                                                             2020
revenue:
investment management                                                                                                $556,154                        50.9   %                  $474,939                      57.1   %
development services                                                                                                  535,562                        49.1   %                   356,591                      42.9   %
total segment revenue                                                                                               1,091,716                       100.0   %                   831,530                     100.0   %
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue                                                                                                       349,432                        32.0   %                   173,541                      20.9   %
operating, administrative and other                                                                                   896,375                        82.1   %                   609,099                      73.3   %
depreciation and amortization                                                                                          27,111                         2.5   %                    27,367                       3.3   %
asset impairments                                                                                                           -                         0.0   %                    38,505                       4.6   %
gain on disposition of real estate                                                                                     70,993                         6.5   %                    87,793                      10.6   %
operating (loss) income                                                                                             (110,209)                      (10.1)   %                    70,811                       8.5   %
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries                                                                        555,341                        50.9   %                   123,548                      14.9   %
other income (loss)                                                                                                     3,542                         0.3   %                   (1,127)                     (0.1)   %
add-back: depreciation and amortization                                                                                27,111                         2.5   %                    27,367                       3.3   %
add-back: asset impairments                                                                                                 -                         0.0   %                    38,505                       4.6   %
adjustments:
carried interest incentive compensation expense (reversal) to align with the timing of associated revenue              49,941                         4.6   %                  (22,912)                     (2.8)   %
impact of fair value adjustments to real estate assets                                                                (5,725)                       (0.5)   %                    11,598                       1.4   %
acquired in the telford acquisition (purchase accounting)
that were sold in period costs associated with workforce optimization efforts (1)                                                                    -                         0.0   %                     5,172                       0.6   %
costs associated with transformation initiatives (2)                                                                        -                         0.0   %                     2,982                       0.4   %
integration and other costs related to acquisitions                                                                         -                         0.0   %                     1,756                       0.2   %
segment operating profit                                                                                             $520,001                        47.7   %                  $257,700                      31.0   %
segment operating profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                     $4,352                                                    $2,992
segment operating profit attributable to cbre group, inc.                                                            $515,649                                                  $254,708
_______________
(1)primarily represents costs incurred related to workforce optimization initiated and executed in the second quarter of 2020 as part of management's cost containment efforts in response to the covid-19 pandemic. the charges are cash expenditures primarily for severance costs incurred related to this effort and were included in the "operating, administrative and other" line in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020.
(2)during 2020, management began the implementation of certain transformation initiatives to enable the company to reduce costs, streamline operations and support future growth. the majority of expenses incurred were cash in nature and primarily related to employee separation benefits, lease termination costs and professional fees. see note 21 of our notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
year ended december 31, 2021 compared to year ended december 31, 2020
revenue increased by $260.2 million, or 31.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily driven by an increase in real estate sales in our development services line of business, primarily in the u.k. as we bounce back from the pandemic, and an increase in investment management fees related to growth in aum, slightly muted by lower carried interest than the year before. foreign currency translation had a 4.3% positive impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2021 primarily driven by strength in the british pound sterling and euro.
cost of revenue increased by $175.9 million, or 101.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily driven by an increase in real estate development which is consistent with an increase in sales in our development service line of business. foreign currency translation had a 7.7% negative impact on total cost of revenue during the year ended december 31, 2021.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $287.3 million, or 47.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the same period in 2020, primarily due to an increase in general compensation and related benefits, incentive compensation and bonuses in our development services and investment management line of business consistent with higher revenue growth. foreign currency translation had a 2.8% negative impact on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2021.
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries increased by $431.8 million, or 349.5%, during the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the same period in 2020, primarily driven by higher equity earnings associated with property sales reported in the development line of business.
a roll forward of our aum by product type for the year ended december 31, 2021 is as follows (dollars in billions):
funds                separate accounts                 securities                    total balance at december 31, 2020          $47.2                        $67.9                         $7.6                     $122.7
inflows                                10.8                          7.1                          3.6                       21.5
outflows                              (5.6)                        (5.1)                        (1.9)                     (12.6)
market appreciation                     4.2                          3.7                          2.4                       10.3
balance at december 31, 2021          $56.6                        $73.6                        $11.7                     $141.9
aum generally refers to the properties and other assets with respect to which we provide (or participate in) oversight, investment management services and other advice, and which generally consist of real estate properties or loans, securities portfolios and investments in operating companies and joint ventures. our aum is intended principally to reflect the extent of our presence in the real estate market, not the basis for determining our management fees. our assets under management consist of:
•the total fair market value of the real estate properties and other assets either wholly-owned or held by joint ventures and other entities in which our sponsored funds or investment vehicles and client accounts have invested or to which they have provided financing. committed (but unfunded) capital from investors in our sponsored funds is not included in this component of our aum. the value of development properties is included at estimated completion cost. in the case of real estate operating companies, the total value of real properties controlled by the companies, generally through joint ventures, is included in aum; and
•the net asset value of our managed securities portfolios, including investments (which may be comprised of committed but uncalled capital) in private real estate funds under our fund of funds investments.
our calculation of aum may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result, this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers.
corporate and other our corporate segment primarily consists of corporate overhead costs. other consists of activities from strategic non-core non-controlling equity investments and is considered an operating segment but does not meet the aggregation criteria for presentation as a separate reportable segment and is, therefore, combined with corporate and reported as corporate and other. the following table summarizes our results of operations for our corporate and other segment for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31, (1)
2021                                                                                                              2020
elimination of inter-segment revenue                               $(20,356)                                                 $(27,930)
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue                                                     (13,264)                                                  (21,379)
operating, administrative and other                                  452,384                                                   332,166
depreciation and amortization                                         28,606                                                    28,533
operating loss                                                     (488,082)                                                 (367,250)
equity income (loss) from unconsolidated subsidiaries                 36,858                                                   (2,003)
other income                                                         205,763                                                    13,387
add-back: depreciation and amortization                               28,606                                                    28,533
adjustments:
costs associated with transformation initiatives (2)                       -                                                    18,525
costs associated with workforce optimization efforts (3)                   -                                                    14,885
costs incurred related to legal entity restructuring                       -                                                     9,362
segment operating loss                                            $(216,855)                                                $(284,561)
_______________
(1)percentage of revenue calculations are not meaningful and therefore not included.
(2)primarily represents costs incurred related to workforce optimization initiated and executed in the second quarter of 2020 as part of management's cost containment efforts in response to the covid-19 pandemic. the charges are cash expenditures primarily for severance costs incurred related to this effort and were included in the "operating, administrative and other" line in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020.
(3)during 2020, management began the implementation of certain transformation initiatives to enable the company to reduce costs, streamline operations and support future growth. the majority of expenses incurred were cash in nature and primarily related to employee separation benefits, lease termination costs and professional fees. see note 21 of our notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
operating, administrative and other expenses were approximately $452.4 million during the year ended december 31, 2021, an increase of 36.2% as compared to the prior year. this was primarily due to an increase in general compensation and related benefits, as well as in stock compensation expense, bonus and other incentive compensation expense primarily tied to the overall profitability of the organization. in addition, operating expenses associated with our sponsorship of cbre acquisitions holdings, inc. (now known as altus power, inc.) up until its merger with and into altus on december 9, 2021 were also recorded in this segment.
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries was approximately $36.9 million, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. this was primarily due to elevated capital markets activity coupled with mark to market adjustments for investments where the fair value option has been elected. we recorded favorable fair value adjustments on our non-controlling investments, including a $6.5 million fair value adjustment on our equity investment and related interests in altus from the merger date through december 31, 2021. the valuation of common shares, private placement warrants and alignment shares are dependent on altus' stock price which could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various market conditions.
other income of $205.8 million is primarily comprised of $187.5 million in non-cash gain that was recorded as part of our deconsolidation of cbre acquisition holdings, inc. upon it merging with and into altus. as part of this transaction, we recorded our interest in altus' alignment shares and private placement warrants at fair value which factored into the recognition of the above gain. the remaining activity relates to unrealized and realized gain/loss on equity and available for sale debt securities owned by our wholly-owned captive insurance company and our non-controlling interest in additional equity securities.
liquidity and capital resources we believe that we can satisfy our working capital and funding requirements with internally generated cash flow and, as necessary, borrowings under our revolving credit facility. our expected capital requirements for 2022 include up to approximately $305 million of anticipated capital expenditures, net of tenant concessions. during the year ended december 31, 2021, we incurred $178.7 million of capital expenditures, net of tenant concessions received, which includes approximately $36.3 million related to technology enablement. as of december 31, 2021, we had aggregate commitments of $127.1 million to fund future co-investments in our real estate investments business, $42.6 million of which is expected to be funded in 2022. additionally, as of december 31, 2021, we are committed to fund additional capital of $40.7 million and $141.6 million to unconsolidated subsidiaries and to consolidated projects, respectively, within our real estate investments business. as of december 31, 2021, we had $3.2 billion of borrowings available under our revolving credit facility and $2.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents available for general corporate use.
we have historically relied on our internally generated cash flow and our revolving credit facility to fund our working capital, capital expenditure and general investment requirements (including strategic in-fill acquisitions) and have not sought other external sources of financing to help fund these requirements. in the absence of extraordinary events or a large strategic acquisition, we anticipate that our cash flow from operations and our revolving credit facility would be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for the foreseeable future, and at a minimum for the next 12 months. given compensation is our largest expense and our sales and leasing professionals are generally paid on a commission and/or bonus basis that correlates with their revenue production, the negative effect of difficult market conditions is partially mitigated by the inherent variability of our compensation cost structure. in addition, when negative economic conditions have been particularly severe, we have moved decisively to lower operating expenses to improve financial performance, and then have restored certain expenses as economic conditions improved. we may seek to take advantage of market opportunities to refinance existing debt instruments, as we have done in the past, with new debt instruments at interest rates, maturities and terms we deem attractive. we may also, from time to time in our sole discretion, purchase, redeem, or retire our existing senior notes, through tender offers, in privately negotiated or open market transactions, or otherwise.
on december 28, 2020, we redeemed the $425.0 million aggregate outstanding principal amount of our 5.25% senior notes due 2025 in full. we funded this redemption using cash on hand. in march 2021, we took advantage of favorable market conditions and low interest rates and conducted a new issuance for $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.500% senior notes due 2031. on november 23, 2021, we redeemed the $300.0 million aggregate outstanding principal amount of our tranche a term loan facility due 2024 in full. we funded this redemption using cash on hand.
as noted above, we believe that any future significant acquisitions we may make could require us to obtain additional debt or equity financing. in the past, we have been able to obtain such financing for material transactions on terms that we believed to be reasonable. however, it is possible that we may not be able to obtain acquisition financing on favorable terms, or at all, in the future if we decide to make any further significant acquisitions.
our long-term liquidity needs, other than those related to ordinary course obligations and commitments such as operating leases, are generally comprised of three elements. the first is the repayment of the outstanding and anticipated principal amounts of our long-term indebtedness. if our cash flow is insufficient to repay our long-term debt when it comes due, then we expect that we would need to refinance such indebtedness or otherwise amend its terms to extend the maturity dates. we cannot make any assurances that such refinancing or amendments would be available on attractive terms, if at all.
the second long-term liquidity need is the payment of obligations related to acquisitions. our acquisition structures often include deferred and/or contingent purchase consideration in future periods that are subject to the passage of time or achievement of certain performance metrics and other conditions. as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, we had accrued deferred purchase consideration totaling $630.1 million ($32.0 million of which was a current liability) and $82.5 million ($14.3 million of which was a current liability), respectively, which was included in "accounts payable and accrued expenses" and in "other liabilities" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
lastly, as described in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report, in february 2019, our board of directors authorized a program for the repurchase of up to $500.0 million of our class a common stock over three years (the 2019 program). during the year ended december 31, 2021, we repurchased 3,122,054 shares of our class a common stock at an average price of $92.03 per share for $287.3 million under the 2019 program. as of december 31, 2021, we had $62.7 million of capacity remaining under the 2019 program.
in november 2021, our board of directors authorized a new program for the company to repurchase up to $2.0 billion of our class a common stock over five years, effective november 19, 2021 (the 2021 program). during the year ended december 31, 2021, we spent $85.6 million to repurchase 832,315 shares of our class a common stock at an average price of $102.82 per share using cash on hand. as of december 31, 2021, we had $1.9 billion of capacity remaining under the 2021 program for a total capacity of approximately $1.98 billion. as of february 17, 2022, we had $1.91 billion of total capacity remaining under the above programs.
our stock repurchases have been funded with cash on hand and we intend to continue funding future repurchases with existing cash. we may utilize our stock repurchase programs to continue offsetting the impact of our stock-based compensation program and on a more opportunistic basis if we believe our stock presents a compelling investment compared to other discretionary uses. the timing of any future repurchases and the actual amounts repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the market price of our common stock, general market and economic conditions and other factors.
historical cash flows year ended december 31, 2021 compared to year ended december 31, 2020
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities totaled $2.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, an increase of $0.5 billion as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the primary drivers that contributed to the net increase were as follows - the company's net income more than doubled in 2021 as compared to 2020. this was partially muted by certain key non-cash items such as a $187.5 million gain recognized upon deconsolidation of cbre acquisition holdings, inc., and higher equity income than distributions received from unconsolidated subsidiaries. in addition, there were some non-cash charges during 2020 that did not occur in 2021, such as $88.7 million in asset impairment, that are offsetting the net increase in operating cash activities for 2021. we also experienced a drag on our working capital which negatively impacted the overall increase in operating cash flows by approximately $362.4 million. this was primarily due to a significant increase in our trade receivables fueled by revenue growth but our cash collection efforts fell behind. this was mitigated to some extent by an increase in accrued commission as our brokerage professionals are generally not paid until cash has been collected on the transaction. additionally, a smaller change in our real estate under development asset balance this year as compared to previous year contributed to the overall positive change in operating cash flow.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, an increase of $536.8 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. this increase was primarily driven by (i) our investment in industrious, (ii) a significant increase in mergers and acquisitions related activities with the major one being turner & townsend, and (iii) an investment of $220.0 million in altus' common shares. the increase in net cash used in investing activities was partially offset by an outflow from purchase of marketable securities from the spac trust account in 2020 of $402.5 million versus a $212.7 million inflow of proceeds from sale of marketable securities from the spac trust account in 2021.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities totaled $490.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, an increase of $267.9 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily due to an additional $318.6 million that was used to repurchase shares during the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to december 31, 2020, as well as, in 2021, a repayment of senior term loans of $300.0 million, and net payments of notes payable on real estate of $96.9 million. this was partially offset by the net proceeds of $492.3 million from the issuance of our 2.500% senior notes during 2021. net cash used in financing activities during 2021 was also impacted by the payment of $205.1 million for redemption of non-controlling interest for cbre acquisition holdings, inc. and payment of deferred underwriting costs related to its initial public offering. net cash used in financing in 2020 was impacted by our redemption in full of 5.25% senior notes in december 2020, partially offset by $393.7 million in proceeds from the sale of non-controlling interest from the spac.
summary of contractual obligations and other commitments the following is a summary of our various contractual obligations and other commitments as of december 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands):
payments due by period contractual obligations                                         total                            less than
1 year total gross long-term debt (1)                        $1,555,166                                  $-
short-term borrowings (2)                              1,310,119                           1,310,119
operating leases (3)                                   1,515,273                             233,249
financing leases (3)                                     321,349                              38,058
total gross notes payable on real estate (4)              49,207                              34,207
deferred purchase consideration (5)                      630,067                              32,036
total contractual obligations                         $5,381,181                          $1,647,669
amount of other commitments expiration other commitments                                total                                 less than
1 year self-insurance reserves (6)            $153,372                                  $153,372
tax liabilities (7)                      54,761                                         -
co-investments (8) (9)                  167,820                                    83,376
letters of credit (8)                   159,091                                   159,091
guarantees (8) (10)                      50,859                                    50,859
total other commitments                $585,903                                  $446,698
the table above excludes estimated payment obligations for our qualified defined benefit pension plans. for information about our future estimated payment obligations for these plans, see note 14 of our notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
_______________
(1)reflects gross outstanding long-term debt balances as of december 31, 2021, assumed to be paid at maturity, excluding unamortized discount, premium and deferred financing costs. see note 11 of our notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report. figures do not include scheduled interest payments. assuming each debt obligation is held until maturity, we estimate that we will make $244.1 million of interest payments, $45.2 million of which will be made in 2022.
(2)the majority of this balance represents our warehouse lines of credit, which are recourse only to our wholly-owned subsidiary cbre capital markets, inc. (cbre capital markets) and are secured by our related warehouse receivables. see notes 5 and 11 of our notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(3)see note 12 of our notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(4)reflects gross outstanding notes payable on real estate as of december 31, 2021 (none of which is recourse to us, beyond being recourse to the single-purpose entity that held the real estate asset and was the primary obligor on the note payable), assumed to be paid at maturity, excluding unamortized deferred financing costs. amounts do not include scheduled interest payments. the notes have either fixed or variable interest rates, ranging from 2.00% to 3.33% at december 31, 2021.
(5)represents deferred obligations related to previous acquisitions, which are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2021 set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(6)represents outstanding reserves for claims under certain insurance programs, which are included in other current and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2021 set forth in item 8 of this annual report. due to the nature of this item, payments could be due at any time upon the occurrence of certain events. accordingly, the entire balance has been reflected as expiring in less than one year.
(7)as of december 31, 2021, we have a remaining federal tax liability of $54.8 million associated with the transition tax on mandatory deemed repatriation of cumulative foreign earnings as of december 31, 2017. we are paying the federal tax liability for the transition tax in annual interest-free installments over a period of eight years through 2025 as allowed by the tax act. the next installment is due in 2023.
in addition, as of december 31, 2021, our gross unrecognized tax benefits, totaled $191.9 million. of this amount, we can reasonably estimate that none will require cash settlement in less than one year. we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions for the remaining $191.9 million. see note 15 of our notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(8)see note 13 of our notes to the consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(9)includes $127.1 million to fund future co-investments in our real estate investments segment, $42.6 million of which is expected to be funded in 2022, and $40.7 million committed to invest in unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries, which is callable at any time. this amount does not include capital committed to consolidated projects of $141.6 million as of december 31, 2021.
(10)due to the nature of guarantees, payments could be due at any time upon the occurrence of certain triggering events, including default. accordingly, all guarantees are reflected as expiring in less than one year.
indebtedness our level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to pay the principal amount of our indebtedness and other obligations when due. in addition, we may incur additional debt from time to time to finance strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or for other purposes, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our indebtedness. if we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt, would increase.
long-term debt we maintain credit facilities with third-party lenders, which we use for a variety of purposes. on march 4, 2019, cbre services, inc. (cbre services) entered into an incremental assumption agreement with respect to its credit agreement, dated october 31, 2017 (such agreement, as amended by a december 20, 2018 incremental term loan assumption agreement and such march 4, 2019 incremental assumption agreement, collectively, the 2019 credit agreement), which (i) extended the maturity of the u.s. dollar tranche a term loans under such credit agreement, (ii) extended the termination date of the revolving credit commitments available under such credit agreement and (iii) made certain changes to the interest rates and fees applicable to such tranche a term loans and revolving credit commitments under such credit agreement. the proceeds from a new tranche a term loan facility under the 2019 credit agreement were used to repay the $300.0 million of tranche a term loans outstanding under the credit agreement in effect prior to the entry into the 2019 incremental assumption agreement. on july 9, 2021, cbre services entered into an additional incremental assumption agreement with respect to the 2019 credit agreement for purposes of increasing the revolving credit commitments available under the 2019 credit agreement by an aggregate principal amount of $350.0 million (the 2019 credit agreement, as amended by the july 9, 2021 incremental assumption agreement is collectively referred to in this annual report as the 2021 credit agreement). on december 10, 2021, cbre services and certain of the other borrowers entered into an amendment of the 2021 credit agreement which (i) changed the interest rate applicable to revolving borrowings denominated in sterling from a libor-based rate to a rate based on the sterling overnight index average (sonia) and (ii) changed the interest rate applicable to revolving borrowings denominated in euros from a libor-based rate to a rate based on euribor. the revised interest rates effect described above went into effect as of january 1, 2022. we are evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
the 2021 credit agreement is a senior unsecured credit facility that is guaranteed by us. on may 21, 2021, we entered into a definitive agreement whereby our subsidiary guarantors were released as guarantors from the 2021 credit agreement. as of december 31, 2021, the 2021 credit agreement provided for the following: (1) a $3.15 billion revolving credit facility, which includes the capacity to obtain letters of credit and swingline loans and terminates on march 4, 2024; (2) a $300.0 million tranche a term loan facility maturing on march 4, 2024, requiring quarterly principal payments unless our leverage ratio (as defined in the 2021 credit agreement) is less than or equal to 2.50x on the last day of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding any such payment date and (3) a €400.0 million term loan facility due and payable in full at maturity on december 20, 2023. on november 23, 2021, we repaid our $300.0 million tranche a term loan facility under the 2021 credit agreement.
on march 18, 2021, cbre services issued $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.500% senior notes due april 1, 2031 at a price equal to 98.451% of their face value (the 2.500% senior notes). the 2.500% senior notes are unsecured obligations of cbre services, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its current and future secured indebtedness. interest accrues at a rate of 2.500% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on april 1 and october 1 of each year, beginning on october 1, 2021. the 2.500% senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, on or after january 1, 2031 at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount on that date, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding the date of redemption. at any time prior to january 1, 2031, we may redeem all or a portion of the notes at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed and (2) the sum of the present value at the date of redemption of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon to january 1, 2031, assuming the notes matured on january 1, 2031, discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis at an adjusted rate equal to the treasury rate plus treasury rate plus 20 basis points basis points, minus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. the amount of the 2.500% senior notes, net of unamortized discount and unamortized debt issuance costs, included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet was $488.1 million at december 31, 2021.
on august 13, 2015, cbre services issued $600.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875% senior notes due march 1, 2026 at a price equal to 99.24% of their face value. the 4.875% senior notes are unsecured obligations of cbre services, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its current and future secured indebtedness. the 4.875% senior notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior basis by us and each domestic subsidiary of cbre services that guarantees our 2019 credit agreement. interest accrues at a rate of 4.875% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on march 1 and september 1.
on september 26, 2014, cbre services issued $300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due march 15, 2025. on december 12, 2014, cbre services issued an additional $125.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due march 15, 2025 at a price equal to 101.5% of their face value, plus interest deemed to have accrued from september 26, 2014. the 5.25% senior notes were unsecured obligations of cbre services, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its current and future secured indebtedness. the 5.25% senior notes were jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior basis by us and each domestic subsidiary of cbre services that guaranteed our 2019 credit agreement. interest accrued at a rate of 5.25% per year and was payable semi-annually in arrears on march 15 and september 15. we redeemed these notes in full on december 28, 2020 and incurred charges of $75.6 million, including a premium of $73.6 million and the write-off of $2.0 million of unamortized premium and debt issuance costs. we funded this redemption using cash on hand.
the indentures governing our 4.875% senior notes and 2.500% senior notes contain restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to create or permit liens on assets securing indebtedness, enter into sale/leaseback transactions and enter into consolidations or mergers.
on may 21, 2021, we released all existing subsidiary guarantors from their guarantees of our 2021 credit agreement, 4.875% senior notes and 2.500% senior notes. our 2021 credit agreement, 4.875% senior notes and 2.500% senior notes remain fully and unconditionally guaranteed by cbre group, inc. combined summarized financial information for cbre group, inc. (parent) and cbre services (subsidiary issuer) is as follows (dollars in thousands):
december 31,
2021                                                                  2020 (1)
balance sheet data:
current assets                     $8,604                      $3,307,147
noncurrent assets (2)              34,711                       5,252,455
total assets (2)                   43,315                       8,559,602
current liabilities               $17,610                      $3,241,264
noncurrent liabilities          1,083,584                       1,884,629
total liabilities               1,101,194                       5,125,893
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                          2020 (1)
statement of operations data:
revenue                                    $-                         $13,117,846
operating (loss) income               (2,246)                             363,829
net income                             27,487                             353,068
_______________
(1)amounts include activity related to our subsidiaries that were still listed as guarantors for the period presented.
(2)includes $25.3 million and $360.0 million of intercompany loan receivables from non-guarantor subsidiaries as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. all intercompany balances and transactions between cbre group, inc., and cbre services have been eliminated.
for additional information on all of our long-term debt, see note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
short-term borrowings we maintain a $3.15 billion revolving credit facility under the 2021 credit agreement and warehouse lines of credit with certain third-party lenders. for additional information on all of our short-term borrowings, see notes 5 and 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
