item 1a. risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. these risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this report, including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. our separate section above, "cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information," should be considered in addition to the following statements.
government regulation we are conducting a formal internal review of our emission certification process and compliance with emission standards with respect to our pick-up truck applications and are working with the epa and carb to address their questions about these applications. due to the continuing nature of our formal internal review and on-going discussions with the epa and carb, we cannot predict the final results of this formal review and these regulatory processes, nor whether, or the extent to which, they could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
we previously announced that we are conducting a formal internal review of our emissions certification process and compliance with emission standards with respect to all of our pick-up truck applications, following conversations with the epa and carb regarding certification of our engines for model year 2019 ram 2500 and 3500 trucks. during conversations with the epa and carb about the effectiveness of our pick-up truck applications, the regulators raised concerns that certain aspects of our emissions systems may reduce the effectiveness of our emissions control systems and thereby act as defeat devices. as a result, our internal review focuses, in part, on the regulators' concerns. we are working closely with the regulators to enhance our emissions systems to improve the effectiveness of all of our pick-up truck applications and to fully address the regulators' requirements. based on discussions with the regulators, we have developed a new calibration for the engines in model year 2019 ram 2500 and 3500 trucks that has been included in all engines shipped since september 2019. during our discussions, the regulators turned their attention to other model years and other engines, most notably our pick-up truck applications for ram 2500 and 3500 trucks for model years 2013 through 2018. we will continue to work together closely with the relevant regulators to develop and implement recommendations for improvement as part of our ongoing commitment to compliance. due to the continuing nature of the formal review, our ongoing cooperation with the regulators and the presence of many unknown facts and circumstances, we are not yet able to estimate the financial impact of these matters. it is possible that the consequences of any remediation plans resulting from our formal review and these regulatory processes could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements that can significantly increase our costs and, along with increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies and unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent and fragmented emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the epa, the eu, state regulatory agencies (such as the carb) and other regulatory agencies around the world. regulatory agencies are making certification and compliance with emissions and noise standards more stringent and subjecting diesel engine products to an increasing level of scrutiny. the discovery of noncompliance issues could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
developing engines and components to meet more stringent and changing regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines and emission requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets. while we have met previous deadlines, our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive position in the engine applications and industries we serve. the successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties.
in addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards in our worldwide markets are unpredictable and subject to change. any delays in implementation or enforcement could result in a loss of our competitive advantage and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we operate our business on a global basis and changes in international, national and regional trade laws, regulations and policies affecting and/or restricting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position.
we manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. changes in laws, regulations and government policies on foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products and services, cause non-u.s. customers to shift preferences toward domestically manufactured or branded products and impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. our business benefits from free trade agreements, such as the united states-mexico-canada agreement and the u.s. trade relationship with china, brazil and france and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements or arrangements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs (including, but not limited to, additional tariffs on the import of steel or aluminum and imposition of new or retaliatory tariffs against certain countries, including based on developments in u.s., china and russia relations), import or export licensing requirements and exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could limit our ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets, impair our ability to expand the business by offering new technologies, products and services, and could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
embargoes, sanctions and export controls imposed by the u.s. and other governments restricting or prohibiting transactions with certain persons or entities, including financial institutions, to certain countries or regions, or involving certain products, limit the sales of our products. embargoes, sanctions and export control laws are changing rapidly for certain geographies, including with respect to china and russia. in particular, changing u.s. export controls and sanctions on china, as well as other restrictions affecting transactions involving china and chinese parties and russian and russian parties, could affect our ability to collect receivables, provide aftermarket and warranty support for our products, sell products and otherwise impact our reputation and business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the u.s. government's pending rules and regulations concerning mandatory covid-19 vaccination of u.s.-based employees of companies that work on or in support of federal contracts could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
on september 9, 2021, president biden issued an executive order requiring all employers with u.s. government contracts to ensure that their u.s.-based employees, contractors and subcontractors, that work on or in support of u.s. government contracts, are fully vaccinated against covid-19 as required by the executive order. the executive order includes on-site and remote u.s.-based employees, contractors and subcontractors and provides for limited medical and religious exceptions. as of december 2021, the executive order has been put on hold by numerous federal courts, pending a final outcome by one or more federal appellate courts and possibly the u.s. supreme court. in the meantime, we continue to track the status of our federal contracts and otherwise prepare for the possible implementation of the order.it is currently not possible to predict with certainty the impact the executive order will have on our workforce if it survives the legal challenges. additional vaccine mandates may be announced in jurisdictions in which our businesses operate. our implementation of these requirements may result in attrition, including attrition of critically skilled labor, and difficulty securing future labor needs, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous international jurisdictions. our income tax provision and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by the adoption of new tax legislation, changes in earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the u.s., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the u.s. we are also subject to ongoing tax audits. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and can be highly judgmental. tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision.
our global operations are subject to laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs and create reputational and legal risk.
due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of commercial and trade regulations around the world. recent years have seen an increase in the development and enforcement of laws regarding trade compliance and anti-
corruption, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws from other countries, as well as new regulatory requirements regarding data privacy, such as the european union general data protection regulation. our numerous foreign subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture partners are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the u.s. the activities of these entities may not comply with u.s. laws or business practices or our code of business conduct. violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
our operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations.
our plants and operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations governing air emission, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. while we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. we are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. if a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material.
future bans or limitations on the use of diesel-powered vehicles or other applications could have a material adverse impact on our business over the long term.
in an effort to limit greenhouse gas emissions and combat climate change, multiple countries and cities have announced that they plan to implement a ban on the use in their countries or cities of diesel-powered products in the near or distant future. these countries include china, india and germany. in addition, california government officials have called for the state to phase out sales of certain diesel-powered vehicles by 2035. to the extent that these types of bans are actually implemented in the future on a broad basis, or in one or more of our key markets, our diesel business over the long-term could experience material adverse impacts.
business conditions / disruptions we are vulnerable to raw material, transportation and labor price fluctuations and supply shortages, which impacted and could continue to impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we are experiencing supply chain disruptions and related challenges throughout the supply chain. we single source a significant number of parts and raw materials critical to our business operations. any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers (including the covid-19 pandemic, capacity constraints, port congestion, labor disputes, economic downturns, availability of credit or impaired financial condition), suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies, natural disasters, acts of government or acts of war or terrorism. in particular, if the covid-19 pandemic continues and results in extended periods of travel, commercial and other restrictions, we could continue to incur global supply disruptions. any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in addition, the current economic environment has resulted, and may continue to result, in price volatility and inflation of many of our raw material, transportation and other costs. further, the labor market for skilled manufacturing remains tight as the u.s. economy recovers after the covid-19 pandemic shutdowns, and our labor costs have increased as a result. material, transportation, labor and other cost inflation has impacted and could continue to impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand.
our markets are cyclical in nature and we face periods when demand fluctuates significantly higher or lower than our normal operating levels, including variability driven by supply chain inconsistency. accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity are important factors in determining our results of operations and cash flows. we manage our capacity by adjusting our manufacturing workforce, capital expenditures and purchases from suppliers. in periods of weak demand we may face under-utilized capacity and un-recovered overhead costs, while in periods of strong demand we may experience unplanned costs and could fail to meet customer demand. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to adequately adjust our manufacturing capacity in response to significant changes in customer demand, which could harm our business. if we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we derive significant earnings from investees that we do not directly control, with more than 50 percent of these earnings from our china-based investees.
for 2021, we recognized $506 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees, compared to $452 million in 2020. approximately half of our equity, royalty and interest income from investees is from three of our 50 percent owned joint ventures in china - beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd., dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd. and chongqing cummins engine company, ltd. although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their management or their operations, which puts a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these entities. a significant reduction in the level of contribution by these entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
our truck manufacturers and oem customers discontinuing outsourcing their engine supply needs, financial distress, particularly related to bankruptcy or a change-in-control of one of our large truck oem customers, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large on-highway truck oem customers which have been an integral part of our positive business results for several years. many are truck manufacturers or oems that manufacture engines for some of their own vehicles. despite their own engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emission compliance capabilities, our systems integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain company focus. however, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. in addition, increased levels of oem vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or oem customers, financial distress of one of our large truck oem customers due to bankruptcy or a change-in-control, could likely lead to significant reductions in our sales volumes, commercial disputes, receivable collection issues, and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
products and technology our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues.
our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. product recalls subject us to reputational risk, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to known or suspected performance or safety issues. any significant product recalls could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. see note 13, "product warranty liability" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs.
our businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of material and commodity market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. additionally, higher material and commodity costs around the world may offset our efforts to reduce our cost structure. while we customarily enter into financial transactions and contractual pricing adjustment provisions with our customers that attempt to address some of these risks (notably with respect to copper, platinum and palladium), there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. in addition, while the use of commodity price hedging instruments and contractual pricing adjustments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments, we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. as a result, higher material and commodity costs, as well as hedging these commodity costs during periods of decreasing prices, could result in declining margins.
the development of new technologies may materially reduce the demand for our current products and services.
we are investing in new products and technologies, including electrified powertrains, hydrogen production and fuel cells, for planned introduction into certain new and existing markets. given the early stages of development of some of these new products and technologies, there can be no guarantee of the future market acceptance and investment returns with respect to our planned products, which will face competition from an array of other technologies and manufacturers. the increased adoption of electrified powertrains in some market segments could result in lower demand for current diesel or natural gas engines and components and, over time, reduce the demand for related parts and service revenues from diesel or natural gas powertrains. furthermore, it is possible that we may not be successful in developing segment-leading electrified or alternate fuel powertrains and some of our existing customers could choose to develop their own, or source from other manufacturers, and any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of our new or existing products or services could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
although we conduct market research before launching new or refreshed engines and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace. offering engines and services that customers desire and value can mitigate the risks of increasing competition and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less than desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, overall value, fuel efficiency or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. with increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media and other media, mere allegations relating to poor quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate responsibility or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even if such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded.
our business is exposed to potential product liability claims.
we face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results, or is alleged to result, in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. at any given time, we are subject to various and multiple product liability claims, any one of which, if decided adversely to us, may have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operation in the period in which our liability with respect to any such claim is recognized. while we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability claims. in addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. furthermore, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us.
general we may not complete the separation of our filtration business within the time frame we anticipate or at all. the separation may present difficulties that could have an adverse effect on us and/or the independent business resulting from the separation and/or costs associated with the separation may be higher than anticipated. additionally, if we complete the separation, we may not realize some or all of the expected benefits of the separation.
in august 2021, we announced our exploration of strategic alternatives for our filtration business unit, including the potential separation of the business into a stand-alone company (the "separation"). any separation would be complex in nature, and unanticipated developments or changes, including changes in law, the macroeconomic environment and market conditions or regulatory or political conditions may affect our ability to complete the separation, within the anticipated time frame or at all.
whether or not the separation is completed, our businesses may face material challenges in connection with this transaction, including, without limitation:
•the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and impact on our businesses as a result of the devotion of management's attention to strategic alternatives for the filtration business, including the separation;
•maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees;
•retaining existing business and operational relationships, including with customers, suppliers, employees and other counterparties, and attracting new business and operational relationships;
•execution and related risks in connection with financing transactions undertaken in connection with the separation;
•foreseen and unforeseen dis-synergy costs, costs of restructuring transactions (including taxes) and other significant costs and expenses; and
•any potential negative reactions from the financial markets resulting from the separation.
any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, if the separation is completed, the new independent company will incur ongoing costs, including costs of operating as an independent company, that the separated business will no longer be able to share. those costs may exceed our estimates or could diminish the benefits we expect to realize from the separation.
our plan to reposition our portfolio of product offerings through exploration of strategic acquisitions and divestitures may expose us to additional costs and risks.
part of our strategic plan is to improve our revenue growth, gross margins and earnings by exploring the repositioning of our portfolio of product line offerings through the pursuit of potential strategic acquisitions and/or divestitures to provide future strategic, financial and operational benefits and improve shareholder value. there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates or consummate these transactions on favorable terms. the successful identification and completion of any strategic transaction depends on a number of factors that are not entirely within our control, including the availability of suitable candidates and our ability to negotiate terms acceptable to all parties involved, conclude satisfactory agreements and obtain all necessary regulatory approvals. accordingly, we may not be able to successfully negotiate and complete specific transactions. the exploration, negotiation and consummation of strategic transactions may involve significant expenditures by us, which may adversely affect our results of operations at the time such expenses are incurred, and may divert management's attention from our existing business. strategic transactions also may have adverse effects on our existing business relationships with suppliers and customers.if required, the financing for strategic acquisitions could result in an increase in our indebtedness, dilute the interests of our shareholders or both. any acquisition may not be accretive to us for a significant period of time following the completion of such acquisition. also, our ability to effectively integrate any potential acquisition into our existing business and culture may not be successful, which could jeopardize future financial and operational performance for the combined businesses. in addition, if an acquisition results in any additional goodwill or increase in other intangible assets on our balance sheet and subsequently becomes impaired, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition.similarly, any strategic divestiture of a product line or business may reduce our revenue and earnings, reduce the diversity of our business, result in substantial costs and expenses and cause disruption to our employees, customers, vendors and communities in which we operate.
we operate in challenging markets for talent and may fail to attract, develop and retain key personnel.
we depend on the skills, institutional knowledge, working relationships, and continued services and contributions of key personnel, including our leadership team and others at all levels of the company, as a critical part of our human capital resources. in addition, our ability to achieve our operating and strategic goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified individuals. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract other talented personnel. any such loss or failure could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we may be adversely impacted by the effects of climate change and may incur increased costs and experience other impacts due to new or more stringent greenhouse gas regulations designed to address climate change.
the scientific consensus indicates that emissions of greenhouse gases (ghg) continue to alter the composition of earth's atmosphere in ways that are affecting, and are expected to continue to affect, the global climate. the potential impacts of climate change on our customers, product offerings, operations, facilities and suppliers are accelerating and uncertain, as they will be particular to local and customer-specific circumstances. these potential impacts may include, among other items, physical long-term changes in freshwater availability and the frequency and severity of weather events as well as customer product changes either through preference or regulation.
concerns regarding climate change may lead to additional international, national, regional and local legislative and regulatory responses. various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, are continuing to look for ways to reduce ghg emissions. we could face risks to our brand reputation, investor confidence and market share due to an inability to innovate and develop new products that decrease ghg emissions. increased input costs, such as fuel, utility, transportation and compliance-related costs could increase our operating costs and negatively impact customer operations and demand for our products. as the impact of any future ghg legislative or regulatory requirements on our global businesses and products is dependent on the timing, scope and design of the mandates or standards, we are currently unable to predict its potential impact which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our information technology environment and our products are exposed to potential security breaches or other disruptions which may adversely impact our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology environment and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. we also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these technologies and related infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. as we implement new technologies, they may not perform as expected. we face the challenge of supporting our older technologies and implementing necessary upgrades. in addition, some of these technologies are managed by third-party service providers and are not under our direct control. if we experience a problem with an important technology, including during upgrades and/or new implementations of technologies, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. as customers adopt and rely on cloud-based digital technologies and services we offer, any disruption of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of those services could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
the data handled by our technologies is vulnerable to security threats. our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. while we continually work to safeguard our information technology environment and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that these actions will be sufficient to prevent information technology security threats, such as security breaches, computer malware, ransomware attacks and other "cyber attacks," which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication, along with power outages or hardware failures. these threats could result in unauthorized public disclosures of information, create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions, disrupt our ability to conduct our business, result in the loss of intellectual property or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic a large percentage of our salaried employees continue to work remotely full or part-time. this remote working environment may pose a heightened risk for security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology environment.
in addition, our products, including our engines, contain interconnected and increasingly complex technologies that control various processes and these technologies are potentially subject to "cyber attacks" and disruption. the impact of a significant information technology event on either our information technology environment or our products could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business. greater political, economic and social uncertainty and the evolving globalization of businesses could significantly change the dynamics of our competition, customer base and product offerings and impact our growth globally.
our business is subject to the political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. these risks include:
•public health crises, including the spread of a contagious disease, such as covid-19, and other catastrophic events;
•the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems;
•trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;
•the imposition of taxes on foreign income and tax rates in certain foreign countries that exceed those in the u.s.;
•the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions;
•difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations and the application of foreign labor regulations;
•required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and
•changes in general economic and political conditions, including changes in relationship with the u.s., in countries where we operate, particularly in china, russia and emerging markets.
as we continue to operate and grow our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. there can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to our multinational operations will not have a material adverse effect upon us.
in addition, there continues to be significant uncertainty about the future relationships between the u.s. and china and the u.s. and russia, including with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. any increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, especially trade with china or russia, could adversely impact our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we face significant competition in the regions we serve.
the markets in which we operate are highly competitive. we compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. we primarily compete with diesel engines and related diesel products; however, new technologies continue to be developed for gasoline, natural gas, hydrogen, electrification and other technologies, and we will continue to face new competition from these expanding technologies. our products primarily compete on the basis of performance, price, total cost of ownership, fuel economy, emissions compliance, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. we also face competitors in some emerging regions who have established local practices and long standing relationships with participants in these markets. there can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with the products of other companies and in other markets.
increasing global competition among our customers may affect our existing customer relationships and restrict our ability to benefit from some of our customers' growth.
as our customers in emerging markets continue to grow in size and scope, they are increasingly seeking to export their products to other countries. this has meant greater demand for our advanced engine technologies to help these customers meet the more stringent emissions requirements of developed markets, as well as greater demand for access to our distribution systems for purposes of equipment servicing. as these emerging market customers enter into, and begin to compete in more developed markets, they may increasingly begin to compete with our existing customers in these markets. our further aid to emerging market customers could adversely affect our relationships with developed market customers. in addition, to the extent the competition does not correspond to overall growth in demand, we may see little or no benefit from this type of expansion by our emerging market customers.
we may be adversely impacted by work stoppages and other labor matters.
at december 31, 2021, we employed approximately 59,900 persons worldwide. approximately 21,200 of our employees worldwide were represented by various unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2022 and 2026. while we have no reason to believe that we will be materially impacted by work stoppages or other labor matters, there can be no assurance that future issues with our labor unions will be resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, work stoppages, or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our employees. any of these consequences may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. in addition, many of our customers and suppliers have unionized work forces. work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by us, our customers or suppliers could result in slowdowns or closures that would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate and other related risks.
we conduct operations in many areas of the world involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. in addition, since our financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. we also face risks arising from the imposition of foreign exchange controls and currency devaluations. foreign exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. see management's discussion and analysis for additional information.
significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could diminish our pension plan asset performance and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we sponsor both funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and other retirement plans. our pension cost and the required contributions to our pension plans are directly affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rates of return on plan assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined benefit pension plan obligations, including the discount rate at which future projected and accumulated pension obligations are discounted to a present value. we could experience increased pension cost due to a combination of factors, including the decreased investment performance of pension plan assets, decreases in the discount rate and changes in our assumptions relating to the expected return on plan assets.significant declines in current and future financial and stock market conditions could cause material losses in our pension plan assets, which could result in increased pension cost in future years and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. depending upon the severity and length of market declines and government regulatory changes, we may be legally obligated to make pension payments in the u.s. and perhaps other countries and these contributions could be material.
we are exposed to risks arising from the price and availability of energy.
the level of demand for our products and services is influenced in multiple ways by the price and availability of energy. high energy costs generally drive greater demand for better fuel economy in almost all countries in which we operate. some of our engine products have been developed with a primary purpose of offering fuel economy improvements, and if energy costs decrease or increase less than expected, demand for these products may likewise decrease. the relative unavailability of electricity in some emerging market countries also influences demand for our electricity generating products, such as our diesel generators. if these countries add energy capacity by expanding their power grids at a rate equal to or faster than the growth in demand for energy, the demand for our generating products could also decrease or increase less than would otherwise be the case.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations organization of information the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) was prepared to provide the reader with a view and perspective of our business through the eyes of management and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to those financial statements. our md&a is presented in the following sections:
•executive summary and financial highlights
•results of operations
•operating segment results
•2022 outlook
•liquidity and capital resources
•application of critical accounting estimates the following is the discussion and analysis of changes in the financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. the discussion and analysis of fiscal year 2019 and changes in the financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2020 compared to fiscal year 2019 that are not included in this form 10-k may be found in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec) on february 10, 2021.
executive summary and financial highlights overview we are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel, natural gas, electric and hybrid powertrains and powertrain-related components including filtration, aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, controls systems, air handling systems, automated transmissions, electric power generation systems, batteries, electrified power systems, hydrogen production and fuel cell products. we sell our products to original equipment manufacturers (oems), distributors, dealers and other customers worldwide. we have long-standing relationships with many of the leading manufacturers in the markets we serve, including paccar inc, navistar international corporation, daimler trucks north america and stellantis n.v. we serve our customers through a service network of approximately 500 wholly-owned, joint venture and independent distributor locations and more than 10,000 cummins certified dealer locations in approximately 190 countries and territories.
our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components, power systems and new power. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. the engine segment produces engines (15 liters and smaller) and associated parts for sale to customers in on-highway and various off-highway markets. our engines are used in trucks of all sizes, buses and recreational vehicles, as well as in various industrial applications, including construction, agriculture, power generation systems and other off-highway applications. the distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various oems throughout the world. the components segment sells filtration products, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers, electronics, fuel systems and automated transmissions. the power systems segment is an integrated power provider, which designs, manufactures and sells engines (16 liters and larger) for industrial applications (including mining, oil and gas, marine and rail), standby and prime power generator sets, alternators and other power components. the new power segment designs, manufactures, sells and supports hydrogen production solutions as well as electrified power systems ranging from fully electric to hybrid along with innovative components and subsystems, including battery and fuel cell technologies. the new power segment is currently in the development phase with a primary focus on research and development activities for our power systems, components and subsystems. we continue to serve all our markets as they adopt electrification and alternative power technologies, meeting the needs of our oem partners and end customers.
our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. our sales may also be impacted by oem inventory levels, production schedules, stoppages and supply chain challenges. economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. as a worldwide business, our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, public health crises, epidemics or pandemics and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. as part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks such as china, brazil, india, mexico, russia and countries in the middle east and africa. at the same time, our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results.
covid-19 update the outbreak of covid-19 in early 2020 became a global pandemic with the resultant economic impacts evolving into a worldwide recession. the pandemic triggered a significant downturn in our markets globally, which negatively impacted our sales and results of operations during 2020. while the majority of the negative impacts to demand largely subsided in 2021, we are still experiencing supply chain disruptions and related financial impacts reflected as increased cost of sales. our industry continues to be unfavorably impacted by supply chain constraints leading to shortages across multiple components categories and limiting our collective ability to meet end-user demand. our customers are also experiencing other supply chain issues and slowing production. should the supply chain issues continue for an extended period of time or worsen, the impact on our production and supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. our board of directors (the board) continues to monitor and evaluate all of these factors and the related impacts on our business and operations, and we are diligently working to minimize the supply chain impacts to our business and to our customers.
2021 results a summary of our results is as follows:
years ended december 31, in millions, except per share amounts                                               2021                        2020                        2019
net sales                                                                    $24,021                     $19,811                     $23,571
net income attributable to cummins inc.                                        2,131                       1,789                       2,260
earnings per common share attributable to cummins inc.
basic                                                                         $14.74                      $12.07                      $14.54
diluted                                                                        14.61                       12.01                       14.48
worldwide revenues improved 21 percent in 2021 compared to 2020, as we experienced higher demand in all operating segments and all geographic regions due to an improved economic environment and fewer effects from the covid-19 pandemic. international demand (excludes the u.s. and canada) improved by 27 percent compared to 2020, with higher sales in all geographic regions. the increase in international sales was principally due to higher demand in all components businesses (primarily emission solutions in india and western europe), industrial (especially mining) and power generation equipment (mainly in china and india), most distribution product lines and most off-highway markets (principally construction markets in europe, asia pacific and china). favorable foreign currency fluctuations impacted international sales by 3 percent (mainly the chinese renminbi, euro and australian dollar). net sales in the u.s. and canada improved by 17 percent primarily due to increased demand in north american on-highway markets, which positively impacted all components businesses.
the following table contains sales and ebitda (defined as earnings or losses before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and noncontrolling interests) by operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020. see note 22, "operating segments," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information and a reconciliation of our segment information to the corresponding amounts in our consolidated statements of net income.
operating segments
2021                                                                              2020                                 percent change percent                                                                             percent                                                            2021 vs. 2020
of total                                                                            of total in millions                                          sales                     ebitda                       sales                       ebitda                      sales                    ebitda engine                                          $9,954                        42    %                  $1,411                      $8,022                         41    %               $1,235                    24   %                    14   %
distribution                                     7,772                        32    %                     731                       7,136                         36    %                  665                     9   %                    10   %
components                                       7,665                        32    %                   1,180                       6,024                         31    %                  961                    27   %                    23   %
power systems                                    4,415                        18    %                     496                       3,631                         18    %                  343                    22   %                    45   %
new power                                          116                         1    %                   (223)                          72                          -    %                (172)                    61   %                  (30)   %
intersegment eliminations                      (5,901)                      (25)    %                    (74)                     (5,074)                       (26)    %                   76                    16   %                        nm total                                          $24,021                       100    %                  $3,521                     $19,811                        100    %               $3,108                    21   %                    13   %
"nm" - not meaningful information cost of sales, selling, general and administrative and research, development and engineering expenses increased due to higher compensation costs (primarily driven by the restoration of 2020 salary reductions, higher variable compensation and 2020 salary increases deferred until 2021), which impacted the variances in gross margin and net income as well as all of our operating segments for the year ended december 31, 2021.
net income attributable to cummins inc. for 2021 was $2.1 billion, or $14.61 per diluted share, on sales of $24.0 billion, compared to 2020 net income attributable to cummins inc. of $1.8 billion, or $12.01 per diluted share, on sales of $19.8 billion.
the increases in net income attributable to cummins inc. and earnings per diluted share was driven by higher net sales, increased gross margin, higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees (primarily in china due to stronger demand for trucks and construction equipment in the first half of the year), favorable foreign currency fluctuations (principally the chinese renminbi and australian dollar, partially offset by the brazilian real and british pound) and a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by higher compensation expenses and incremental costs associated with supply chain constraints. the increase in gross margin was mainly due to higher volumes and favorable pricing, partially offset by higher compensation expenses, increased freight costs and higher material costs. the 1.0 percentage point decrease in gross margin as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to higher compensation expenses and increased freight costs due to supply chain constraints, which increased at a faster rate than the increase in net sales. diluted earnings per common share for 2021 benefited $0.34 per share from fewer weighted-average shares outstanding, primarily due to the stock repurchase program.
we generated $2.3 billion of operating cash flows in 2021, compared to $2.7 billion in 2020. see the section titled "cash flows" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section for a discussion of items impacting cash flows.
our debt to capital ratio (total capital defined as debt plus equity) at december 31, 2021, was 30.7 percent, compared to 31.7 percent at december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily due to a $412 million higher equity balance driven by strong returns on pension assets. at december 31, 2021, we had $3.2 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand and access to our $3.5 billion credit facilities, if necessary, to meet currently anticipated working capital, investment and funding needs.
in 2021, we repurchased $1.4 billion or 5.7 million shares of common stock. in december 2021, the board authorized the acquisition of up to $2.0 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the 2019 repurchase plan. see note 15, "cummins inc. shareholders' equity" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on august 18, 2021, we entered into an amended and restated five-year revolving credit agreement, which allows us to borrow up to $2 billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to august 18, 2026. on august 18, 2021, we also entered into an amended and restated 364-day credit agreement, which allows us to borrow up to $1.5 billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to august 17, 2022. this credit agreement amended and restated the prior $1.5 billion 364-day credit facility that matured on august 18, 2021.
on august 3, 2021, we announced our exploration of strategic alternatives for our filtration business. potential strategic alternatives to be explored include the separation of our filtration business into a stand-alone company. the execution of this exploration process is dependent upon business and market conditions, along with a number of other factors and considerations.
in july 2021, the board authorized an increase to our quarterly dividend of 7.4 percent from $1.35 per share to $1.45 per share.
in 2021, the investment gain on our u.s. pension trust was 8.1 percent while our u.k. pension trust gain was 5.1 percent. our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 121 percent funded at december 31, 2021. our u.s. defined benefit plan, which represented approximately 52 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, was 138 percent funded, and our u.k. defined benefit plan was 127 percent funded at december 31, 2021. we expect to contribute approximately $47 million in cash to our global pension plans in 2022. in addition, we expect our 2022 net periodic pension cost to approximate $33 million. see application of critical accounting estimates within md&a and note 10, "pensions and other postretirement benefits," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information concerning our pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
as of the date of this filing, our credit ratings and outlooks from the credit rating agencies remain unchanged.
results of operations favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                                        2021 vs. 2020                                             2020 vs. 2019
in millions (except per share amounts)                                                 2021                        2020                        2019                    amount                    percent                         amount                    percent net sales                                                                       $24,021                     $19,811                     $23,571                   $4,210                         21    %                  $(3,760)                       (16)    %
cost of sales                                                                    18,326                      14,917                      17,591                  (3,409)                       (23)    %                     2,674                         15    %
gross margin                                                                      5,695                       4,894                       5,980                      801                         16    %                   (1,086)                       (18)    %
operating expenses and income selling, general and administrative expenses                                      2,374                       2,125                       2,454                    (249)                       (12)    %                       329                         13    %
research, development and engineering expenses                                    1,090                         906                       1,001                    (184)                       (20)    %                        95                          9    %
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                                  506                         452                         330                       54                         12    %                       122                         37    %
restructuring actions                                                                 -                           -                         119                        -                          -    %                       119                        100    %
other operating expense, net                                                       (31)                        (46)                        (36)                       15                         33    %                      (10)                       (28)    %
operating income                                                                  2,706                       2,269                       2,700                      437                         19    %                     (431)                       (16)    %
interest expense                                                                    111                         100                         109                     (11)                       (11)    %                         9                          8    %
other income, net                                                                   156                         169                         243                     (13)                        (8)    %                      (74)                       (30)    %
income before income taxes                                                        2,751                       2,338                       2,834                      413                         18    %                     (496)                       (18)    %
income tax expense                                                                  587                         527                         566                     (60)                       (11)    %                        39                          7    %
consolidated net income                                                           2,164                       1,811                       2,268                      353                         19    %                     (457)                       (20)    %
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                            33                          22                           8                     (11)                       (50)    %                      (14)                              nm net income attributable to cummins inc.                                          $2,131                      $1,789                      $2,260                     $342                         19    %                    $(471)                       (21)    %
diluted earnings per common share attributable to cummins inc.                   $14.61                      $12.01                      $14.48                    $2.60                         22    %                   $(2.47)                       (17)    %
"nm" - not meaningful information favorable/(unfavorable) percentage points percent of sales                                                  2021               2020               2019                 2021 vs. 2020                             2020 vs. 2019
gross margin                                                  23.7   %           24.7   %           25.4   %                  (1.0)                                     (0.7)
selling, general and administrative expenses                   9.9   %           10.7   %           10.4   %                    0.8                                     (0.3)
research, development and engineering expenses                 4.5   %            4.6   %            4.2   %                    0.1                                     (0.4)
2021 vs. 2020
cost of sales, selling, general and administrative and research, development and engineering expenses increased due to higher compensation costs (primarily driven by the restoration of 2020 salary reductions, higher variable compensation and 2020 salary increases deferred until 2021), which impacted the variances in gross margin and net income as well as all of our operating segments for the year ended december 31, 2021.
net sales net sales increased $4.2 billion, primarily driven by the following:
•engine segment sales increased 24 percent principally due to higher volumes in global medium-duty truck markets and the north american heavy-duty truck and pick-up truck markets.
•components segment sales increased 27 percent largely due to higher emission solutions demand in north america, india and western europe.
•power systems segment sales increased 22 percent primarily due to higher demand in power generation markets in china, india and north america and global mining markets.
•distribution segment sales increased 9 percent mainly due to higher demand across all product lines in north america and improved demand in russia, asia pacific, africa and india.
•favorable foreign currency fluctuations of 2 percent of total sales, primarily in the chinese renminbi, euro and australian dollar.
•new power segment sales increased 61 percent principally due to higher sales in north america.
sales to international markets (excluding the u.s. and canada), based on location of customers, were 44 percent of total net sales in 2021, compared with 42 percent of total net sales in 2020. a more detailed discussion of sales by segment is presented in the "operating segment results" section.
cost of sales the types of expenses included in cost of sales are the following: parts and material consumption, including direct and indirect materials; salaries, wages and benefits; depreciation on production equipment and facilities and amortization of technology intangibles; estimated costs of warranty programs and campaigns; production utilities; production-related purchasing; warehousing, including receiving and inspection; freight costs; engineering support costs; repairs and maintenance; production and warehousing facility property insurance; rent for production facilities and other production overhead.
gross margin gross margin increased $801 million and decreased 1.0 points as a percentage of sales. the increase in gross margin was mainly due to higher volumes and favorable pricing, partially offset by higher compensation expenses, increased freight costs and higher material costs. the 1.0 percentage point decrease in gross margin as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to higher compensation expenses and increased freight costs due to supply chain constraints, which increased at a faster rate than the increase in net sales. the provision for base warranties issued as a percentage of sales, was 2.1 percent in 2021 and 2.2 percent in 2020.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses increased $249 million, primarily due to higher compensation expenses. overall, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales, decreased to 9.9 percent in 2021 from 10.7 percent in 2020. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales was mainly due to net sales increasing at a faster rate than the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses.
research, development and engineering expenses research, development and engineering expenses increased $184 million, primarily due to higher compensation expenses and increased spending on consulting. overall, research, development and engineering expenses, as a percentage of sales, decreased to 4.5 percent in 2021 from 4.6 percent in 2020, mainly due to net sales increasing at a faster rate than the increase in research, development and engineering expenses. research activities continue to focus on development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas-powered engines and related components as well as development activities around fully electric, hybrid and hydrogen powertrain solutions.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees equity, royalty and interest income from investees increased $54 million, primarily due to higher earnings at dongfeng cummins engine co., ltd., tata cummins ltd. (excluding the 2020 benefits noted below) and chongqing cummins engine co., ltd., as well as the absence of $13 million of impairment charges and an $8 million loss on sale of a joint venture both recorded in 2020. these increases were partially offset by the absence of a $37 million favorable adjustment ($18 million of which related to tata cummins ltd.) as the result of tax changes within india's 2020-2021 union budget (india tax law changes) passed in march 2020 and $18 million of technology fee revenue related to tata cummins ltd., both recorded in 2020. see note 4, "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on india tax law changes.
our joint venture agreement for cummins westport, inc. expired on december 31, 2021, and will not be renewed. beginning in january 2022, engines previously sold through the joint venture will now be included in our consolidated results.
other operating expense, net other operating (expense) income, net was as follows:
years ended december 31, in millions                                                2021                          2020
amortization of intangible assets                    $(22)                         $(22)
loss on write-off of assets                           (12)                          (20)
loss on sale of assets, net                            (2)                          (10)
royalty income, net                                      9                             5
other, net                                             (4)                             1
total other operating expense, net                   $(31)                         $(46)
interest expense interest expense increased $11 million, primarily due to increased interest expense associated with our $2 billion senior unsecured notes issued in august of 2020, partially offset by lower commercial paper interest expense.
other income, net other income, net was as follows:
years ended december 31, in millions                                                   2021                          2020
non-service pension and opeb credit                       $96                           $65
interest income                                            25                            21
gain on sale of land                                       18                             -
gain on marketable securities, net                          6                             9
foreign currency gain, net                                  2                             4
gain on corporate owned life insurance                      -                            57
other, net                                                  9                            13
total other income, net                                  $156                          $169
income tax expense our effective tax rate for 2021 was 21.3 percent compared to 22.5 percent for 2020.
the year ended december 31, 2021, contained unfavorable net discrete tax items of $9 million, primarily due to $12 million of unfavorable provision to return adjustments related to the 2020 filed tax returns, partially offset by $3 million of favorable other discrete tax items.
the year ended december 31, 2020, contained $26 million of unfavorable net discrete tax items, primarily due to $33 million of unfavorable changes in tax reserves and $10 million of withholding tax adjustments, partially offset by $15 million of favorable changes due to the india tax law change. the india tax law change eliminated the dividend distribution tax and replaced it with a lower rate withholding tax as the burden shifted from the dividend payor to the dividend recipient for a net favorable income statement impact of $35 million. see note 4, "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on india tax law changes.
the change in effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2021, versus year ended december 31, 2020, was primarily due to a $16 million decrease in net discrete tax items.
our effective tax rate for 2022 is expected to approximate 21.5 percent, excluding any discrete tax items that may arise.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests eliminate the income or loss attributable to non-cummins ownership interests in our consolidated entities. noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries increased $11 million principally due to higher earnings at cummins india limited and eaton cummins joint venture, partially offset by the absence of a $19 million unfavorable adjustment as the result
37
of india tax law changes passed in march 2020. see note 4, "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on india tax law changes.
net income attributable to cummins inc. and diluted earnings per common share attributable to cummins inc.
net income and diluted earnings per share attributable to cummins inc. decreased $342 million and $2.60 per share, respectively, primarily due to higher net sales, increased gross margin, higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees (primarily in china due to stronger demand for trucks and construction equipment in the first half of the year), favorable foreign currency fluctuations (principally the chinese renminbi and australian dollar, partially offset by the brazilian real and british pound) and a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by higher compensation expenses and incremental costs associated with supply chain constraints. diluted earnings per common share for 2021 benefited $0.34 per share from fewer weighted-average shares outstanding, primarily due to the stock repurchase program.
2020 vs. 2019
for prior year results of operations comparisons to 2019 see the results of operations section of our 2020 form 10-k.
comprehensive income - foreign currency translation adjustment the foreign currency translation adjustment was a net loss of $9 million and a net gain of $71 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the details were as follows:
years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                2020
in millions                                                                  translation adjustment               primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar                                                                          translation adjustment               primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar wholly-owned subsidiaries                                                           $(23)                         brazilian real, british pound, indian rupee, euro, partially offset by chinese renminbi                                   $23                         chinese renminbi, partially offset by brazilian real and british pound equity method investments                                                              19                         chinese renminbi, partially offset by indian rupee                                                                         58                         chinese renminbi consolidated subsidiaries with a noncontrolling interest                              (5)                         indian rupee                                                                                                             (10)                         indian rupee total                                                                                $(9)                                                                                                                                                   $71
2020 vs. 2019

38
operating segment results our reportable operating segments consist of the engine, distribution, components, power systems and new power segments. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. we use segment ebitda as the primary basis for the chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of each of our reportable operating segments. we believe ebitda is a useful measure of our operating performance as it assists investors and debt holders in comparing our performance on a consistent basis without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes or depreciation and amortization methods, which can vary significantly depending upon many factors. segment amounts exclude certain expenses not specifically identifiable to segments. see note 22, "operating segments," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information and a reconciliation of our segment information to the corresponding amounts in our consolidated statements of net income.
the outbreak of covid-19 in early 2020 became a global pandemic with the resultant economic impacts evolving into a worldwide recession. the pandemic triggered a significant downturn in our markets globally, which negatively impacted our sales and results of operations during 2020. while the majority of the negative impacts to demand largely subsided in 2021, we are still experiencing supply chain disruptions and related financial impacts reflected as increased cost of sales. our industry continues to be unfavorably impacted by supply chain constraints leading to shortages across multiple components categories and limiting our collective ability to meet end-user demand. our customers are also experiencing other supply chain issues and slowing production.
following is a discussion of results for each of our operating segments.
for all prior year segment results comparisons to 2019 see the results of operations section of our 2020 form 10-k.
engine segment results financial data for the engine segment was as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                                        2021 vs. 2020                                             2020 vs. 2019
in millions                                                                2021                        2020                        2019                    amount                    percent                         amount                    percent external sales                                                       $7,589                      $5,925                      $7,570                   $1,664                         28    %                  $(1,645)                       (22)    %
intersegment sales                                                    2,365                       2,097                       2,486                      268                         13    %                     (389)                       (16)    %
total sales                                                           9,954                       8,022                      10,056                    1,932                         24    %                   (2,034)                       (20)    %
research, development and engineering expenses                          399                         290                         337                    (109)                       (38)    %                        47                         14    %
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                      340                         312                         200                       28                          9    %                       112                         56    %
interest income                                                           8                           9                          15                      (1)                       (11)    %                       (6)                       (40)    %
restructuring actions                                                     -                           -                          18                        -                          -    %                        18                        100    %
segment ebitda                                                        1,411                       1,235                       1,454                      176                         14    %                     (219)                       (15)    %
percentage points                                         percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                          14.2   %                    15.4   %                    14.5   %                                           (1.2)                                                       0.9
sales for our engine segment by market were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                                        2021 vs. 2020               2020 vs. 2019
in millions                                                             2021                        2020                        2019                    amount                    percent               amount                              percent heavy-duty truck                                                  $3,328                      $2,648                      $3,555                     $680                         26    %               $(907)                            (26)    %
medium-duty truck and bus                                          2,777                       2,066                       2,707                      711                         34    %               (641)                             (24)    %
light-duty automotive                                              1,912                       1,547                       1,804                      365                         24    %               (257)                             (14)    %
total on-highway                                                   8,017                       6,261                       8,066                    1,756                         28    %               (1,805)                           (22)    %
off-highway                                                        1,937                       1,761                       1,990                      176                         10    %               (229)                             (12)    %
total sales                                                       $9,954                      $8,022                     $10,056                   $1,932                         24    %               $(2,034)                          (20)    %
percentage points               percentage points on-highway sales as percentage of total sales                         81   %                      78   %                      80   %                                               3                                                       (2)
39
unit shipments by engine classification (including unit shipments to power systems and off-highway engine units included in their respective classification) were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                               2021 vs. 2020                                             2020 vs. 2019
2021                                          2020                        2019           amount                    percent                         amount                    percent heavy-duty                            117,600                      92,500                     122,600          25,100                         27    %                  (30,100)                       (25)    %
medium-duty                           273,800                     220,900                     283,400          52,900                         24    %                  (62,500)                       (22)    %
light-duty                            273,300                     215,800                     245,900          57,500                         27    %                  (30,100)                       (12)    %
total unit shipments                  664,700                     529,200                     651,900         135,500                         26    %                 (122,700)                       (19)    %
2021 vs. 2020
sales engine segment sales increased $1,932 million across all markets. the following were the primary drivers by market:
•medium-duty truck and bus sales increased $711 million mainly due to higher global medium-duty demand, especially in north america, brazil and western europe, partially offset by lower bus sales, mainly in north america and western europe.
•heavy-duty truck engine sales increased $680 million principally due to higher volumes in north america with shipments up 37 percent.
•light-duty automotive sales increased $365 million primarily due to higher pick-up sales in north america with shipments up 27 percent.
•off-highway sales increased $176 million mainly due to increased demand in global construction markets, especially in asia pacific, europe and north america.
segment ebitda engine segment ebitda increased $176 million, primarily due to higher volumes and higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees mainly from our chinese joint ventures, partially offset by increased compensation expenses, higher freight costs due to supply chain constraints and increased material costs.
distribution segment results financial data for the distribution segment was as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                                      2021 vs. 2020                                           2020 vs. 2019
in millions                                                                2021                        2020                        2019                  amount                    percent                       amount                    percent external sales                                                       $7,742                      $7,110                      $8,040                   $632                          9    %                  $(930)                       (12)    %
intersegment sales                                                       30                          26                          31                      4                         15    %                     (5)                       (16)    %
total sales                                                           7,772                       7,136                       8,071                    636                          9    %                   (935)                       (12)    %
research, development and engineering expenses                           48                          31                          28                   (17)                       (55)    %                     (3)                       (11)    %
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                       63                          62                          52                      1                          2    %                      10                         19    %
interest income                                                           7                           4                          15                      3                         75    %                    (11)                       (73)    %
restructuring actions                                                     -                           -                          37                      -                          -    %                      37                        100    %
segment ebitda                                                          731                         665                         656                     66                         10    %                       9                          1    %
percentage points                                       percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                           9.4   %                     9.3   %                     8.1   %                                           0.1                                                     1.2
40
sales for our distribution segment by region were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                                      2021 vs. 2020                                           2020 vs. 2019
in millions                                     2021                        2020                        2019                  amount                    percent                       amount                    percent north america                             $4,912                      $4,696                      $5,533                   $216                          5    %                  $(837)                       (15)    %
asia pacific                                 906                         805                         878                    101                         13    %                    (73)                        (8)    %
europe                                       650                         598                         531                     52                          9    %                      67                         13    %
russia                                       335                         194                         159                    141                         73    %                      35                         22    %
china                                        330                         346                         358                   (16)                        (5)    %                    (12)                        (3)    %
africa and middle east                       259                         200                         235                     59                         30    %                    (35)                       (15)    %
india                                        198                         150                         201                     48                         32    %                    (51)                       (25)    %
latin america                                182                         147                         176                     35                         24    %                    (29)                       (16)    %
total sales                               $7,772                      $7,136                      $8,071                   $636                          9    %                  $(935)                       (12)    %
sales for our distribution segment by product line were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                                      2021 vs. 2020               2020 vs. 2019
in millions             2021                                          2020                        2019                  amount                    percent               amount                            percent parts                               $3,145                      $2,931                      $3,290                   $214                          7    %               $(359)                          (11)    %
power generation                     1,762                       1,692                       1,784                     70                          4    %               (92)                             (5)    %
engines                              1,499                       1,250                       1,518                    249                         20    %               (268)                           (18)    %
service                              1,366                       1,263                       1,479                    103                          8    %               (216)                           (15)    %
total sales                         $7,772                      $7,136                      $8,071                   $636                          9    %               $(935)                          (12)    %
2021 vs. 2020
sales distribution segment sales increased $636 million across all product lines. the following were the primary drivers by region:
•north american sales increased $216 million, representing 34 percent of the total change in distribution segment sales, due to higher demand in all product lines.
•improved demand in russia, asia pacific, africa and india.
•favorable foreign currency fluctuations, primarily in the australian dollar, canadian dollar and chinese renminbi.
segment ebitda distribution segment ebitda increased $66 million, primarily due to higher volumes and favorable foreign currency fluctuations (especially the australian dollar), partially offset by higher compensation expenses.
41
components segment results financial data for the components segment was as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                                        2021 vs. 2020                                           2020 vs. 2019
in millions                                                                2021                        2020                        2019                    amount                    percent                       amount                    percent external sales                                                       $5,932                      $4,650                      $5,253                   $1,282                         28    %                  $(603)                       (11)    %
intersegment sales                                                    1,733                       1,374                       1,661                      359                         26    %                   (287)                       (17)    %
total sales                                                           7,665                       6,024                       6,914                    1,641                         27    %                   (890)                       (13)    %
research, development and engineering expenses                          307                         264                         300                     (43)                       (16)    %                      36                         12    %
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                       50                          61                          40                     (11)                       (18)    %                      21                         53    %
interest income                                                           5                           4                           8                        1                         25    %                     (4)                       (50)    %
restructuring actions                                                     -                           -                          20                        -                          -    %                      20                        100    %
segment ebitda                                                        1,180                         961                       1,097                      219                         23    %                   (136)                       (12)    %
percentage points                                       percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                          15.4   %                    16.0   %                    15.9   %                                           (0.6)                                                     0.1
sales for our components segment by business were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                                        2021 vs. 2020                                           2020 vs. 2019
in millions                                           2021                        2020                        2019                    amount                    percent                       amount                    percent emission solutions                              $3,499                      $2,632                      $3,122                     $867                         33    %                  $(490)                       (16)    %
filtration                                       1,438                       1,232                       1,281                      206                         17    %                    (49)                        (4)    %
turbo technologies                               1,351                       1,098                       1,218                      253                         23    %                   (120)                       (10)    %
electronics and fuel systems                       899                         754                         759                      145                         19    %                     (5)                        (1)    %
automated transmissions                            478                         308                         534                      170                         55    %                   (226)                       (42)    %
total sales                                     $7,665                      $6,024                      $6,914                   $1,641                         27    %                  $(890)                       (13)    %
2021 vs. 2020
sales components segment sales increased $1,641 million across all businesses. the following were the primary drivers by business:
•emission solutions sales increased $867 million primarily due to stronger demand in north america, india and western europe.
•turbo technologies sales increased $253 million principally due to higher demand in north america and western europe.
•filtration sales increased $206 million mainly due to stronger demand in north america, europe, latin america and asia pacific.
•automated transmission sales increased $170 million principally due to higher demand in north america and expanded product offering in china.
•favorable foreign currency fluctuations primarily in the chinese renminbi and euro.
segment ebitda components segment ebitda increased $219 million, mainly due to higher volumes and favorable mix, partially offset by higher compensation expenses, increased material costs and higher freight costs due to supply chain constraints.
42
power systems segment results financial data for the power systems segment was as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                                      2021 vs. 2020                                           2020 vs. 2019
in millions                                                                2021                        2020                        2019                  amount                    percent                       amount                    percent external sales                                                       $2,650                      $2,055                      $2,670                   $595                         29    %                  $(615)                       (23)    %
intersegment sales                                                    1,765                       1,576                       1,790                    189                         12    %                   (214)                       (12)    %
total sales                                                           4,415                       3,631                       4,460                    784                         22    %                   (829)                       (19)    %
research, development and engineering expenses                          234                         212                         230                   (22)                       (10)    %                      18                          8    %
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                       56                          21                          38                     35                              nm                    (17)                       (45)    %
interest income                                                           5                           4                           8                      1                         25    %                     (4)                       (50)    %
restructuring actions                                                     -                           -                          12                      -                          -    %                      12                        100    %
segment ebitda                                                          496                         343                         512                    153                         45    %                   (169)                       (33)    %
percentage points                                       percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                          11.2   %                     9.4   %                    11.5   %                                           1.8                                                   (2.1)
"nm" - not meaningful information sales for our power systems segment by product line were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                                      2021 vs. 2020               2020 vs. 2019
in millions                                     2021                        2020                        2019                  amount                    percent               amount                            percent power generation                          $2,515                      $2,167                      $2,518                   $348                         16    %               $(351)                          (14)    %
industrial                                 1,534                       1,188                       1,576                    346                         29    %               (388)                           (25)    %
generator technologies                       366                         276                         366                     90                         33    %               (90)                            (25)    %
total sales                               $4,415                      $3,631                      $4,460                   $784                         22    %               $(829)                          (19)    %
2021 vs. 2020
sales power systems segment sales increased $784 million across all product lines. the following were the primary drivers:
•power generation sales increased $348 million due to higher demand in china, india and north america.
•industrial sales increased $346 million due to higher demand in global mining markets.
•favorable foreign currency fluctuations primarily in the chinese renminbi and british pound.
segment ebitda power systems segment ebitda increased $153 million, primarily due to higher volumes and increased earnings in equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by higher compensation expenses, increased freight costs due to supply chain constraints and higher material costs.
new power segment results the new power segment designs, manufactures, sells and supports hydrogen production solutions as well as electrified power systems ranging from fully electric to hybrid along with innovative components and subsystems, including battery and fuel cell technologies. the new power segment is currently in the development phase with a primary focus on research and development activities for our power systems, components and subsystems. financial data for the new power segment was as follows:
43
favorable/(unfavorable)                               favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                                         2021 vs. 2020                                         2020 vs. 2019
in millions                                                              2021                      2020                      2019                  amount                       percent                  amount                       percent external sales                                                       $108                       $71                       $38                    $37                            52    %                $33                            87    %
intersegment sales                                                      8                         1                         -                      7                                 nm                  1                                 nm total sales                                                           116                        72                        38                     44                            61    %                 34                            89    %
research, development and engineering expenses                        102                       109                       106                      7                             6    %                (3)                           (3)    %
equity, royalty and interest loss from investees                      (3)                       (4)                         -                      1                            25    %                (4)                                 nm restructuring actions                                                   -                         -                         1                      -                             -    %                  1                           100    %
segment ebitda                                                      (223)                     (172)                     (149)                   (51)                          (30)    %               (23)                          (15)    %
"nm" - not meaningful information new power segment sales increased 61 percent principally due to increased sales in north america.
2022 outlook covid-19 impacts the outbreak of covid-19 in early 2020 became a global pandemic with the resultant economic impacts evolving into a worldwide recession. the pandemic triggered a significant downturn in our markets globally, which negatively impacted our sales and results of operations during 2020. while the majority of the negative impacts to demand largely subsided in 2021, we are still experiencing supply chain disruptions and related financial impacts reflected as increased cost of sales. our industry continues to be unfavorably impacted by supply chain constraints leading to shortages across multiple components categories and limiting our collective ability to meet end-user demand. our customers are also experiencing other supply chain issues and slowing production. should the supply chain issues continue for an extended period of time or worsen, the impact on our production and supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. our board of directors (the board) continues to monitor and evaluate all of these factors and the related impacts on our business and operations, and we are diligently working to minimize the supply chain impacts to our business and to our customers.
business outlook our outlook reflects the following positive trends and challenges to our business that could impact our revenue and earnings potential in 2022.
positive trends
•we expect demand for pick-up trucks in north america to remain strong.
•we estimate north american medium-duty and heavy-duty truck demand will continue to improve.
•we believe market demand for trucks in india will continue the improvement trend from the second half of 2021.
•we anticipate our aftermarket business will continue to improve, driven primarily by increased truck utilization in north america.
•our liquidity of $6.4 billion in cash, marketable securities and available credit facilities puts us in a strong position to deal with any uncertainties that may arise in 2022.
challenges
•supply constraints driven by strong demand in multiple end markets and regions may lead to increased costs, including higher freight and conversion costs.
•continued increases in material and commodity costs could negatively impact earnings.
•our industry's sales continue to be unfavorably impacted by supply chain constraints leading to shortages across multiple components categories and limiting our collective ability to meet end-user demand. our customers are also experiencing other supply chain issues slowing production.
•we expect market demand in truck and construction markets in china to decline from 2021 full year levels.
separation of filtration business on august 3, 2021, we announced our exploration of strategic alternatives for our filtration business. potential strategic alternatives to be explored include the separation of our filtration business into a stand-alone company. the execution of this exploration process is dependent upon business and market conditions, along with a number of other factors and considerations.
liquidity and capital resources key working capital and balance sheet data we fund our working capital with cash from operations and short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, when necessary. various assets and liabilities, including short-term debt, can fluctuate significantly from month to month depending on short-term liquidity needs. as a result, working capital is a prime focus of management's attention. working capital and balance sheet measures are provided in the following table:
dollars in millions                                                           december 31,                  december 31,
2021                          2020
working capital (1)                                                          $5,225                        $5,562
current ratio                                                                  1.74                          1.88
accounts and notes receivable, net                                           $3,990                        $3,820
days' sales in receivables                                                       59                            69
inventories                                                                  $4,355                        $3,425
inventory turnover                                                              4.6                           4.2
accounts payable (principally trade)                                         $3,021                        $2,820
days' payable outstanding                                                        57                            68
total debt                                                                   $4,159                        $4,164
total debt as a percent of total capital                                       30.7      %                   31.7      %
(1) working capital includes cash and cash equivalents.
cash flows cash and cash equivalents were impacted as follows:
years ended december 31,                                                      change in millions                                                                            2021                        2020                        2019                 2021 vs. 2020                 2020 vs. 2019
net cash provided by operating activities                                        $2,256                      $2,722                      $3,181                     $(466)                        $(459)
net cash used in investing activities                                             (873)                       (719)                     (1,150)                      (154)                           431
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                             (2,227)                         280                     (2,095)                    (2,507)                         2,375
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                         35                        (11)                       (110)                         46                            99
net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                             $(809)                      $2,272                      $(174)                   $(3,081)                        $2,446
2021 vs. 2020
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $466 million, primarily due to higher working capital requirements of $724 million and a net decrease in changes in other liabilities of $195 million, partially offset by higher consolidated net income of $353 million and lower restructuring payments of $109 million. during 2021, higher working capital requirements resulted in a cash outflow of $359 million compared to a cash inflow of $365 million in 2020, mainly due to higher inventories, partially offset by higher accrued expenses.
net cash used in investing activities increased $154 million, principally due to higher capital expenditures of $206 million, partially offset by favorable changes in cash flows from derivatives not designated as hedges of $45 million and increased proceeds from sale of land of $20 million.
net cash used in financing activities increased $2,507 million, primarily due to lower proceeds from borrowings of $1,935 million, mainly resulting from our $2 billion bond issuance in 2020, and higher repurchases of common stock of $761 million, partially offset by lower net payments of commercial paper of $327 million.
the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents increased $46 million, primarily due to favorable fluctuations in the british pound of $55 million, partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in the south korean won, chinese renminbi and australian dollar.
2020 vs. 2019
for prior year liquidity comparisons see the liquidity and capital resources section of our 2020 form 10-k.
sources of liquidity we generate significant ongoing cash flow. cash provided by operations is our principal source of liquidity with $2.3 billion provided in 2021. at december 31, 2021, our sources of liquidity included:
december 31, 2021
in millions                                                                                                                                                                    total                                                                                                              u.s.                                                                                                     international                                                                                       primary location of international balances cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                  $2,592                                                                                                              $509                                                                                                            $2,083                                                                                   china, singapore, netherlands, belgium, australia, mexico, canada marketable securities (1)                                                                                                                                     595                                                                                                               106                                                                                                               489                                                                                                                                               india total                                                                                                                                                      $3,187                                                                                                              $615                                                                                                            $2,572
available credit capacity revolving credit facilities (2)                                                                                                                            $3,187
international and other uncommitted domestic credit facilities                                                                                               $234
(1) the majority of marketable securities could be liquidated into cash within a few days.
(2) the five-year credit facility for $2.0 billion and the 364-day credit facility for $1.5 billion, maturing august 2026 and august 2022, respectively, are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2021, we had $313 million of commercial paper outstanding, which effectively reduced the available capacity under our revolving credit facilities to $3.2 billion.
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities a significant portion of our cash flows are generated outside the u.s. we manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. as a result, we do not anticipate any local liquidity restrictions to preclude us from funding our operating needs with local resources.
if we distribute our foreign cash balances to the u.s. or to other foreign subsidiaries, we could be required to accrue and pay withholding taxes, for example, if we repatriated cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings we asserted are completely or partially permanently reinvested. foreign earnings for which we assert permanent reinvestment outside the u.s. consist primarily of earnings of our china, india and netherlands domiciled subsidiaries. at present, we do not foresee a need to repatriate any earnings for which we asserted permanent reinvestment. however, to help fund cash needs of the u.s. or other international subsidiaries as they arise, we repatriate available cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings are not permanently reinvested when it is cost effective to do so.
debt facilities and other sources of liquidity on august 18, 2021, we entered into an amended and restated five-year revolving credit agreement, which allows us to borrow up to $2 billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to august 18, 2026. on august 18, 2021, we also entered into an amended and restated 364-day credit agreement, which allows us to borrow up to $1.5 billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to august 17, 2022. this credit agreement amended and restated the prior $1.5 billion 364-day credit facility that matured on august 18, 2021. see note 12, "debt," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we have access to committed credit facilities that total $3.5 billion, including the $1.5 billion 364-day facility that expires august 17, 2022 and our $2.0 billion five-year facility that expires on august 18, 2026. we intend to maintain credit facilities at the current or higher aggregate amounts by renewing or replacing these facilities at or before expiration. these revolving credit facilities are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes. both credit agreements include various financial covenants, including, among others, maintaining a net debt to capital ratio of no more than 0.65 to 1.0. at december 31, 2021, our leverage ratio was 0.12 to 1.0. there were no outstanding borrowings under these facilities at december 31, 2021.
we can issue up to $3.5 billion of unsecured, short-term promissory notes (commercial paper) pursuant to the board authorized commercial paper programs. the programs facilitate the private placement of unsecured short-term debt through third-party brokers. we intend to use the net proceeds from the commercial paper borrowings for general corporate purposes. the total combined borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs should not exceed $3.5 billion. see note 12, "debt," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
at december 31, 2021, we had $313 million of commercial paper outstanding, which effectively reduced the available capacity under our revolving credit facilities to $3.2 billion.
in the second half of 2021, we entered into a series of interest rate swaps to effectively convert our $500 million senior notes, due in 2025, from a fixed rate of 0.75 percent to a floating rate equal to the three-month libor plus a spread. we also entered into a series of interest rate swaps to effectively convert $765 million of our $850 million senior notes, due in 2030, from a fixed rate of 1.50 percent to a floating rate equal to the three-month libor plus a spread. the swaps were designated, and will be accounted for, as fair value hedges.
as a well-known seasoned issuer, we filed an automatic shelf registration for an undetermined amount of debt and equity securities with the sec on february 13, 2019. under this shelf registration we may offer, from time to time, debt securities, common stock, preferred and preference stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units. we plan to file a new shelf registration statement in the first quarter of 2022, prior to the expiration of the shelf registration statement currently in effect.
in july 2017, the u.k.'s financial conduct authority, which regulates the london interbank offered rate (libor), announced it intends to phase out libor by the end of 2021. the cessation date for submission and publication of rates for certain tenors of libor has since been extended until mid-2023. various central bank committees and working groups continue to discuss replacement of benchmark rates, the process for amending existing libor-based contracts and the potential economic impacts of different alternatives. the alternative reference rates committee has identified the secured overnight financing rate (sofr) as its preferred alternative rate for u.s. dollar libor. sofr is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by u.s. treasury securities, and is based on directly observable u.s. treasury-backed repurchase transactions. we have evaluated the potential impact of the replacement of the libor benchmark interest rate including risk management, internal operational readiness and monitoring the financial accounting standards board standard-setting process to address financial reporting issues that might arise in connection with transition from libor to a new benchmark rate. while we do not believe the change will materially impact us due to our operational and system readiness coupled with relevant contractual fallback language, we continue to evaluate all eventual transition risks. in anticipation of libor's phase out, our most recent revolving credit agreements include a well-documented transition mechanism for selecting a benchmark replacement rate for libor, subject to our agreement. additionally, with respect to our $1.3 billion in libor-based fixed to variable rate swaps maturing in 2025 and 2030, we reviewed and believe our adherence to the 2020 libor fallback protocol will allow for a smooth transition to the designated replacement rate when that transition occurs.
supply chain financing we currently have supply chain financing programs with financial intermediaries, which provide certain vendors the option to be paid by financial intermediaries earlier than the due date on the applicable invoice. when a vendor utilizes the program and receives an early payment from a financial intermediary, they take a discount on the invoice. we then pay the financial intermediary the face amount of the invoice on the regularly scheduled due date. the maximum amount that we may have outstanding under the program is $361 million. we do not reimburse vendors for any costs they incur for participation in the program and their participation is completely voluntary. as a result, all amounts owed to the financial intermediaries are presented as "accounts payable" in our consolidated balance sheets. amounts due to the financial intermediaries reflected in accounts payable at december 31, 2021, were $147 million.
uses of cash stock repurchases in december 2021, the board authorized the acquisition of up to $2.0 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the 2019 repurchase plan. in december 2019, the board authorized the acquisition of up to $2.0 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the 2018 repurchase plan. for the year ended december 31, 2021, we made the following purchases under our stock repurchase program:
in millions (except per share amounts)                                                          shares                                                average cost                                               total cost of                                                                             remainingauthorizedcapacity (1)
for each quarter ended                                                                       purchased                                                   per share                                                 repurchases april 4                                                                                  1.7                                                     $247.35                                                        $418                                                                                                   $1,576
july 4                                                                                   2.7                                                      252.66                                                         672                                                                                                      904
october 3                                                                                0.6                                                      231.57                                                         138                                                                                                      766
december 31                                                                              0.7                                                      222.14                                                         174                                                                                                    2,592
total                                                                                    5.7                                                      244.73                                                      $1,402
(1) the remaining $592 million authorized capacity under the 2019 plan was calculated based on the cost to purchase the shares, but excludes commission expenses in accordance with the authorized plan.
we intend to repurchase outstanding shares from time to time during 2022 to enhance shareholder value.
dividends total dividends paid to common shareholders in 2021, 2020 and 2019 were $809 million, $782 million and $761 million, respectively. declaration and payment of dividends in the future depends upon our income and liquidity position, among other factors, and is subject to declaration by the board, who meets quarterly to consider our dividend payment. we expect to fund dividend payments with cash from operations.
in july 2021, the board authorized an increase to our quarterly dividend of 7.4 percent from $1.35 per share to $1.45 per share. cash dividends per share paid to common shareholders and the board authorized increases for the last three years were as follows:
quarterly dividends
2021                        2020                      2019
first quarter                   $1.35                      $1.311                     $1.14
second quarter                   1.35                       1.311                      1.14
third quarter                    1.45                       1.311                     1.311
fourth quarter                   1.45                        1.35                     1.311
total                           $5.60                       $5.28                     $4.90
capital expenditures capital expenditures, including spending on internal use software, were $786 million, $575 million and $775 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. we continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions. we plan to spend an estimated $850 million to $900 million in 2022 on capital expenditures, excluding internal use software, with over 60 percent of these expenditures expected to be invested in north america. in addition, we plan to spend an estimated $70 million to $80 million on internal use software in 2022.
current maturities of short and long-term debt we had $313 million of commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2021, that matures in less than one year. the maturity schedule of our existing long-term debt does not require significant cash outflows until 2023 when our 3.65 percent senior notes and 2025 when our 0.75 percent senior notes are due. required annual long-term debt principal payments range from $24 million to $536 million over the next five years. see note 12, "debt," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
pensions our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 121 percent funded at december 31, 2021. our u.s. defined benefit plan, which represented approximately 52 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, was 138 percent funded, and our u.k. defined benefit plan was 127 percent funded at december 31, 2021. the funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans. in 2021, the investment gain on our u.s. pension trust was 8.1 percent while our u.k. pension trust gain was 5.1 percent. approximately 69 percent of our pension plan assets are held in highly liquid investments such as fixed income and equity securities. the remaining 31 percent of our plan assets are held in less liquid, but market valued investments, including real estate, private equity, venture capital, opportunistic credit and insurance contracts.
we sponsor funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plans. contributions to the u.s. and u.k. plans were as follows:
years ended december 31, in millions                                                               2021                    2020                  2019
defined benefit pension contributions                                  $78                     $92                   $121
defined contribution pension plans                                      92                      85                    102
we anticipate making total contributions of approximately $47 million to our global defined benefit pension plans in 2022. expected contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in 2022 will meet or exceed the current funding requirements.
future uses of cash a summary of our contractual obligations and other commercial commitments at december 31, 2021, are as follows:
contractual cash obligations                                                                                                                payments due by period in millions                                                                                          current                                             long-term long-term debt and finance lease obligations (1)                                               $172                                                $5,463
operating leases (1)                                                                            138                                                   348
capital expenditures                                                                            264                                                     -
purchase commitments for inventory                                                            1,037                                                     2
other purchase commitments                                                                      383                                                    59
transitional tax liability                                                                       34                                                   255
other postretirement benefits                                                                    19                                                   134
international and other domestic letters of credit                                               77                                                    46
performance and excise bonds                                                                     29                                                    74
guarantees, indemnifications and other commitments                                               25                                                    14
total                                                                                        $2,178                                                $6,395
(1) includes principal payments and expected interest payments based on the terms of the obligations.
the contractual obligations reported above exclude our unrecognized tax benefits of $89 million as of december 31, 2021. we are not able to reasonably estimate the period in which cash outflows relating to uncertain tax contingencies could occur. see note 4, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
credit ratings our rating and outlook from each of the credit rating agencies as of the date of filing are shown in the table below:
long-term                                                                                                                                                                                                   short-term credit rating agency (1)                                                                              senior debt rating                                                                                                                                                                                          debt rating                                        outlook standard &amp; poor's rating services                                                                 a+                                                                                                                                                                                                          a1                                                 stable moody's investors service, inc.                                                                       a2                                                                                                                                                                                                          p1                                                 stable
(1) credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, are subject to change, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. in addition, we undertake no obligation to update disclosures concerning our credit ratings, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
management's assessment of liquidity our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. we believe our existing cash and marketable securities, operating cash flow and revolving credit facilities provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund common stock repurchases, dividend payments, targeted capital expenditures, projected pension obligations, acquisitions, working capital and debt service obligations through 2022 and beyond. we continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs as noted above.
application of critical accounting estimates a summary of our significant accounting policies is included in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," of our consolidated financial statements which discusses accounting policies that we selected from acceptable alternatives.
our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. which often requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts presented and disclosed in the financial statements. management reviews these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in business conditions and other relevant factors they believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. in any given reporting period, our actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates are defined as follows: the estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the estimate was made; different estimates reasonably could have been used; or if changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period to period and the change would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. our senior management has discussed the development and selection of our accounting policies, related accounting estimates and the disclosures set forth below with the audit committee of the board. we believe our critical accounting estimates include estimating liabilities for warranty programs, assessing goodwill impairments, accounting for income taxes and pension benefits.
warranty programs we estimate and record a liability for base warranty programs at the time our products are sold. our estimates are based on historical experience and reflect management's best estimates of expected costs at the time products are sold and subsequent adjustment to those expected costs when actual costs differ. as a result of the uncertainty surrounding the nature and frequency of product recall programs, the liability for such programs is recorded when we commit to a recall action or when a recall becomes probable and estimable, which generally occurs when management internally approves or commits to the action. our warranty liability is generally affected by component failure rates, repair costs and the point of failure within the product life cycle. future events and circumstances related to these factors could materially change our estimates and require adjustments to our liability. new product launches require a greater use of judgment in developing estimates until historical experience becomes available. product specific experience is typically available four or five quarters after product launch, with a clear experience trend evident eight quarters after launch. we generally record warranty expense for new products upon shipment using a preceding product's warranty history and a multiplicative factor based upon preceding similar product experience and new product assessment until sufficient new product data is available for warranty estimation. we then use a blend of actual new product experience and preceding product historical experience for several subsequent quarters and new product specific experience thereafter. note 13, "product warranty liability," to our consolidated financial statements contains a summary of the activity in our warranty liability account for 2021, 2020 and 2019 including adjustments to pre-existing warranties.
goodwill impairment we are required to make certain subjective and complex judgments in assessing whether a goodwill impairment event has occurred, including assumptions and estimates used to determine the fair value of our reporting units. we test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level and our reporting units are the operating segments or the components of operating segments that constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and is regularly reviewed by management.
we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform an annual quantitative goodwill impairment test. we elected this option on certain reporting units. the following events and circumstances are considered when evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount:
•macroeconomic conditions, such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and/or other developments in equity and credit markets;
•industry and market considerations, such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates, material loss in market share and significant declines in product pricing;
•cost factors, such as an increase in raw materials, labor or other costs;
•overall financial performance, such as negative or declining cash flows or a decline in actual or forecasted revenue;
•other relevant entity-specific events, such as material changes in management or key personnel and
•events affecting a reporting unit, such as a change in the composition or carrying amount of its net assets including acquisitions and dispositions.
the examples noted above are not all-inclusive, and we consider other relevant events and circumstances that affect the fair value of a reporting unit in determining whether to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test.
our goodwill recoverability assessment is based on our annual strategic planning process. this process includes an extensive review of expectations for the long-term growth of our businesses and forecasted future cash flows. in order to determine the valuation of our reporting units, we use either the market approach or the income approach using a discounted cash flow model. our income approach method uses a discounted cash flow model in which cash flows anticipated over several periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are discounted to their present value using an appropriate rate of return. our estimates are based upon our historical experience, our current knowledge from our commercial relationships and available external information about future trends.
the discounted cash flow model requires us to make projections of revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, working capital investment and fixed asset additions for the reporting units over a multi-year period. additionally, management must estimate a weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects a market rate, for each reporting unit for use as a discount rate. the discounted cash flows are compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit and, if less than the carrying value, the difference is recorded as a goodwill impairment loss. in addition, we also perform a sensitivity analysis to determine how much our forecasts can fluctuate before the fair value of a reporting unit would be lower than its carrying amount. we perform the required procedures as of the end of our fiscal third quarter.
accounting for income taxes we determine our income tax expense using the asset and liability method. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. future tax benefits of net operating loss and credit carryforwards are also recognized as deferred tax assets. we evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. at december 31, 2021, we recorded net deferred tax assets of $25 million. the assets included $395 million for the value of net operating loss and credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance of $360 million was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized. in the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets.
in addition, we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to tax audits in these jurisdictions. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. we accrue for the estimated additional tax and interest that may result from tax authorities disputing uncertain tax positions. we believe we made adequate provisions for income taxes for all years that are subject to audit based upon the latest information available. a more complete description of our income taxes and the future benefits of our net operating loss and credit carryforwards is disclosed in note 4, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements.
pension benefits we sponsor a number of pension plans globally, with the majority of assets in the u.s. and the u.k. in the u.s. and the u.k., we have major defined benefit plans that are separately funded. we account for our pension programs in accordance with employers' accounting for defined benefit pension plans, which requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined using an actuarial basis. as a result, our pension benefit programs are based on a number of statistical and judgmental assumptions that attempt to anticipate future events and are used in calculating the expense and liability related to our plans each year at december 31. these assumptions include discount rates used to value liabilities, assumed rates of return on plan assets, future compensation increases, employee turnover rates, actuarial assumptions relating to retirement age, mortality rates and participant withdrawals. the actuarial assumptions we use may differ significantly from actual results due to changing economic conditions, participant life span and withdrawal rates. these differences may result in a material impact to the amount of net periodic pension cost to be recorded in our consolidated financial statements in the future.
the expected long-term return on plan assets is used in calculating the net periodic pension cost. we considered several factors in developing our expected rate of return on plan assets. the long-term rate of return considers historical returns and expected returns on current and projected asset allocations. projected returns are based primarily on broad, publicly traded passive fixed income and equity indices and forward-looking estimates of the value added by active investment management. at december 31, 2021, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.s. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 30-year projection period equal to or in excess of 6.25 percent, including the additional positive returns expected from active investment management.
the one-year return for our u.s. plans was 8.1 percent for 2021. our u.s. plan assets averaged annualized returns of 8.61 percent over the prior ten years and resulted in approximately $431 million of actuarial gains in accumulated other comprehensive loss (aocl) in the same period. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations for capital markets, as plan assets continue to be de-risked, consistent with our investment policy, we believe our investment return assumption of 6.25 percent in 2022 for u.s. pension assets is reasonable and attainable.
the methodology used to determine the rate of return on pension plan assets in the u.k. was based on establishing an equity-risk premium over current long-term bond yields adjusted based on target asset allocations. at december 31, 2021, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.k. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 20-year projection period equal to or in excess of 4 percent. the one-year return for our u.k. plans was 5.1 percent for 2021. we generated average annualized returns of 9.14 percent over ten years, resulting in approximately $767 million of actuarial gains in aocl. our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations as the plan assets continue to be de-risked, we believe that an investment return assumption of
3.75 percent in 2022 for u.k. pension assets is reasonable and attainable. our target allocation for 2022 and pension plan asset allocations at december 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:
u.s. plans                                                                                                     u.k. plans target allocation                                  percentage of plan assets at december 31,                   target allocation                                  percentage of plan assets at december 31, investment description                                     2022                             2021                                      2020                                2022        2021                                      2020
liability matching                                 72.0       %                      70.0      %                               66.0      %                        57.0       %                      52.0      %                               57.0      %
risk seeking                                       28.0       %                      30.0      %                               34.0      %                        43.0       %                      48.0      %                               43.0      %
total                                             100.0       %                     100.0      %                              100.0      %                       100.0       %                     100.0      %                              100.0      %
the differences between the actual return on plan assets and expected long-term return on plan assets are recognized in the asset value used to calculate net periodic cost over five years. the table below sets forth our expected rate of return for 2022 and the expected return assumptions used to develop our pension cost for the period 2019-2021.
long-term expected return assumptions
2022                    2021                    2020                    2019
u.s. plans                  6.25   %                6.25   %                6.25   %                6.25   %
u.k. plans                  3.75   %                4.00   %                4.00   %                4.00   %
pension accounting offers various acceptable alternatives to account for the differences that eventually arise between the estimates used in the actuarial valuations and the actual results. it is acceptable to delay or immediately recognize these differences. under the delayed recognition alternative, changes in pension obligations (including those resulting from plan amendments) and changes in the value of assets set aside to meet those obligations are not recognized in net periodic pension cost as they occur but are recognized initially in aocl and subsequently amortized as components of net periodic pension cost systematically and gradually over future periods. in addition to this approach, we may also adopt immediate recognition of actuarial gains or losses. immediate recognition introduces volatility in financial results. we have chosen to delay recognition and amortize actuarial differences over future periods. if we adopted the immediate recognition approach, we would record a loss of $545 million ($418 million after-tax) from cumulative actuarial net losses for our u.s. and u.k. pension plans.
the difference between the expected return and the actual return on plan assets is deferred from recognition in our results of operations and under certain circumstances, such as when the difference exceeds 10 percent of the greater of the market value of plan assets or the projected benefit obligation, the difference is amortized over future years of service. this is also true of changes to actuarial assumptions. under the delayed recognition alternative, the actuarial gains and losses are recognized and recorded in aocl. as our losses related to the u.s. and u.k. pension plans exceed 10 percent of their respective plan assets, the excess is amortized over the average remaining service lives of participating employees. net actuarial gains increased our shareholders' equity by $280 million after-tax in 2021. the gain is primarily due to strong asset returns and higher discount rates in the u.s. and u.k.
the table below sets forth the net periodic pension cost for the years ended december 31 and our expected cost for 2022.
in millions                      2022                             2021                  2020                2019
net periodic pension cost                   $33                 $78                  $102                 $65
we expect 2022 net periodic pension cost to decrease compared to 2021, primarily due to higher discount rates in the u.s. and u.k., and favorable actuarial experience in the u.s., partially offset by a lower expected rate of return in the u.k. the decrease in net periodic pension cost in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to favorable actuarial experience and investment returns, partially offset by lower discount rates in the u.s. and u.k. the increase in net periodic pension cost in 2020 compared to 2019 was due to lower discount rates in the u.s. and u.k.
the weighted-average discount rates used to develop our net periodic pension cost are set forth in the table below.
discount rates
2022               2021               2020               2019
u.s. plans                3.01   %           2.62   %           3.36   %           4.36   %
u.k. plans                1.95   %           1.50   %           2.00   %           2.80   %
the discount rate enables us to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. the guidelines for setting this rate suggest the use of a high-quality corporate bond rate. we used bond information provided by moody's investor services, inc. and standard & poor's rating services. all bonds used to develop our hypothetical portfolio in the u.s. and u.k. were deemed high-quality, non-callable bonds (aa or better) at december 31, 2021, by at least one of the bond rating agencies.
our model called for projected payments until near extinction for the u.s. and the u.k. for both countries, our model matches the present value of the plan's projected benefit payments to the market value of the theoretical settlement bond portfolio. a single equivalent discount rate is determined to align the present value of the required cash flow with the value of the bond portfolio. the resulting discount rate is reflective of both the current interest rate environment and the plan's distinct liability characteristics.
the table below sets forth the estimated impact on our 2022 net periodic pension cost relative to a change in the discount rate and a change in the expected rate of return on plan assets.
in millions                  impact on pension cost increase/(decrease)
discount rate used to value liabilities
0.25 percent increase                                      $(10)
0.25 percent decrease                                         16
expected rate of return on assets
1 percent increase                                       (55)
1 percent decrease                                         55
the above sensitivities reflect the impact of changing one assumption at a time. a higher discount rate decreases the plan obligations and decreases our net periodic pension cost. a lower discount rate increases the plan obligations and increases our net periodic pension cost. it should be noted that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and the effects of changes in key assumptions are not necessarily linear. note 10, "pensions and other postretirement benefits," to our consolidated financial statements provides a summary of our pension benefit plan activity, the funded status of our plans and the amounts recognized in our consolidated financial statements.
