item 1a. risk factors.
you should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. the trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, in which case you could lose all or part of your investment. you should also refer to the other information in this filing, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. the risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect our company. additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we currently deem immaterial also may become important factors that affect our company. unless the context otherwise requires, the terms the "company," "we," "us," "our" or similar terms and "centene" refer to centene corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries.
risks relating to our business our business could be materially adversely affected by the effects of widespread public health pandemics, such as covid-19.
public health pandemics or widespread outbreaks of contagious diseases, such as covid-19, could materially adversely impact our business. our business has been affected by the spread of covid-19, and the extent to which covid-19 continues to impact our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. factors that may determine the severity of the impact include the duration and scale of the outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of covid-19, (including new strains, which may be more contagious, more severe or less responsive to treatment or vaccines), the costs of prevention and treatment of covid-19 and the potential that we will not receive government reimbursement of additional expenses incurred by our members who contract or require testing for covid-19 or who experience other health impacts as a result of the pandemic, employee retention, mobility, productivity and utilization of leave and other benefits, financial and other impacts on the healthcare provider community, disruptions or delays in the supply chain for testing and treatment supplies, protective equipment and other products and services, and the actions to contain covid-19 or address its impact (including laws, regulations and emergency orders, such as stay at home orders, physical distancing requirements, forced business closures and vaccine requirements or mandates and directives related to the timing and scope of vaccine distribution), among other factors. in addition, increased utilization patterns (including deferred demand) have had, and may continue to have, an impact on our business as members' pattern of seeking healthcare fluctuates. for example, risk adjustment could be adversely impacted by covid-19 related impacts such as disrupted member utilization patterns, access to members for in-home assessments and regulatory changes such as the retroactive disallowance of hydroxychloroquine adversely impacting our second quarter 2021 results. additionally, the spread of covid-19 has previously caused disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, and future disruptions could adversely impact our access to capital. similarly, a decline in interest rates has reduced, and could further reduce, our investment income. finally, the impact of the above items on our government partners could result in program changes or delays or reduced capitation payments to us. we cannot at this time predict the ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic, but it could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
our medicare programs are subject to a variety of unique risks that could adversely impact our financial results.
if we fail to design and maintain programs that are attractive to medicare participants; if our medicare operations are subject to negative outcomes from program audits, sanctions, penalties or other actions; if we do not submit adequate bids in our existing markets or any expansion markets; if our existing contracts are modified or terminated; or if we fail to maintain or improve our quality star ratings, our current medicare business and our ability to expand our medicare operations could be materially and adversely affected, negatively impacting our financial performance. for example, in october 2021, the cms published updated medicare star quality ratings for the 2022 rating year. over 50% of our medicare members are in a 4 star or above plan for the 2023 bonus year, compared to approximately 30% for the 2022 bonus year, and 46% for the 2021 bonus year. the increase in star quality ratings for the 2022 rating year is primarily due to certain disaster relief provisions, which we do not expect to be applicable in future years. as a result, we expect to experience a meaningful decrease to our star ratings for the 2023 star rating year, which impacts the 2024 bonus year. our quality bonus and rebates may be negatively impacted and the attractiveness of our medicare advantage plans may be reduced if we are unable to maintain or improve these ratings.
there are also specific additional risks under title xviii, part d of the social security act associated with our provision of medicare part d prescription drug benefits as part of our medicare advantage plan offerings. these risks include potential uncollectibility of receivables, inadequacy of pricing assumptions, inability to receive and process information and increased pharmaceutical costs, as well as the underlying seasonality of this business, and extended settlement periods for claims submissions. our failure to comply with part d program requirements can result in financial and/or operational sanctions on our part d products, as well as on our medicare advantage products that offer no prescription drug coverage.
although we do not anticipate that a single-payer health insurance system or other major healthcare reform provisions will be enacted by the current congress or state regulators, certain members of congress and certain state regulators have proposed legislative initiatives that would establish some form of a single public or quasi-public agency that organizes healthcare financing, but under which healthcare delivery would remain private. additionally, the potential impact of the current administration on healthcare reform efforts is unknown. we are unable to predict the nature and success of these or other initiatives or political changes, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
failure to accurately estimate and price our medical expenses or effectively manage our medical costs or related administrative costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
our profitability depends to a significant degree on our ability to estimate and effectively manage expenses related to health benefits through, among other things, our ability to contract favorably with hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers. for example, our government-sponsored health programs revenue is often based on bids submitted before the start of the initial contract year. if our actual medical expenses exceed our estimates, our health benefits ratio (hbr), or our expenses related to medical services as a percentage of premium revenues, would increase and our profits would decline. because of the narrow margins of our health plan business, relatively small changes in our hbr can create significant changes in our financial results. changes in healthcare regulations and practices, the level of utilization of healthcare services, out-of-network utilization and pricing, hospital and pharmaceutical costs, unexpected events, such as disasters, the effects of climate change, major epidemics, pandemics or newly emergent diseases (such as covid-19), new medical technologies, new pharmaceutical compounds, increases in provider fraud and other external factors, including general economic conditions such as inflation and unemployment levels, are generally beyond our control and could reduce our ability to accurately predict and effectively control the costs of providing health benefits. also, member behavior could continue to be influenced by the uncertainty surrounding the aca, including legal challenges to the aca or potential changes in premium subsidies.
our medical expenses include claims reported but not paid, estimates for claims incurred but not reported, and estimates for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period. our development of the medical claims liability estimate is a continuous process which we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as claims receipts and payment information as well as inpatient acuity information becomes available. as more complete information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimate, and include the changes in estimates in medical expenses in the period in which the changes are identified. given the uncertainties inherent in such estimates, there can be no assurance that our medical claims liability estimate will be adequate, and any adjustments to the estimate may unfavorably impact our results of operations and may be material.
additionally, when we commence operations in a new state or region or launch a new product, we have limited information with which to estimate our medical claims liability. for a period of time after the inception of the new business, we base our estimates on government-provided historical actuarial data and limited actual incurred and received claims and inpatient acuity information. the addition of new categories of eligible individuals, as well as evolving health insurance marketplace plans, may pose difficulty in estimating our medical claims liability.
from time to time in the past, our actual results have varied from our estimates, particularly in times of significant changes in the number of our members. if it is determined that our estimates are significantly different than actual results, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. in addition, if there is a significant delay in our receipt of premiums, our business operations, cash flows, or earnings could be negatively impacted.
risk-adjustment payment systems make our revenue and results of operations more difficult to estimate and could result in retroactive adjustments that have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
most of our government customers employ risk-adjustment models to determine the premium amount they pay for each member. this model pays more for members with predictably higher costs according to the health status of each beneficiary enrolled. premium payments are generally established at fixed intervals according to the contract terms and then adjusted on a retroactive basis. we reassess the estimates of the risk adjustment settlements each reporting period and any resulting adjustments are made to premium revenue. in addition, revisions by our government customers to the risk-adjustment models have reduced, and may continue to reduce, our premium revenue.
as a result of the variability of certain factors that determine estimates for risk-adjusted premiums, including plan risk scores, the actual amount of retroactive payments could be materially more or less than our estimates. consequently, our estimate of our plans' risk scores for any period, and any resulting change in our accrual of premium revenues related thereto, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. the data provided to our government customers to determine the risk score are subject to audit by them even after the annual settlements occur. these audits may result in the refund of premiums to the government customer previously received by us, which could be significant and would reduce our premium revenue in the year that repayment is required. for example, risk adjustment could be adversely impacted by covid-19 related impacts such as disrupted member utilization patterns, access to members for in-home assessments and regulatory changes such as the retroactive disallowance of hydroxychloroquine adversely impacting our second quarter 2021 results.
government customers have performed and continue to perform audits of selected plans to validate the provider coding practices under the risk adjustment model used to calculate the premium paid for each member. in 2018, cms proposed the removal of the fee for service adjuster from the risk adjustment data validation audit methodology. if adopted, this proposal, or any similar cms rule making initiative, could increase our audit error scores. we anticipate that cms will continue to conduct audits of our medicare contracts and contract years on an on-going basis. an audit may result in the refund of premiums to cms. it is likely that a payment adjustment could occur as a result of these audits; and any such adjustment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
any failure to adequately price products offered or any reduction in products offered in the health insurance marketplaces may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we may be adversely selected by individuals who have higher acuity levels than those individuals who selected us in the past and healthy individuals may decide to opt out of the pool altogether. in addition, the risk adjustment provisions of the aca established to apportion risk amongst insurers may not be effective in appropriately mitigating the financial risks related to the health insurance marketplace product, are subject to a high degree of estimation and variability, and are affected by our members' acuity relative to the membership acuity of other insurers. further, changes in the competitive marketplace over time, changes to member eligibility in the program design or changes in the financial incentives of individuals to participate in such products may exacerbate the uncertainty in these relatively new markets. for example, competitors seeking to gain a foothold in the changing market may introduce pricing that we may not be able to match, which may adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. competitors may also choose to exit the market altogether or otherwise suffer financial difficulty, which could adversely impact the pool of potential insured, or require us to increase premium rates. any significant variation from our expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, out-of-network costs, or other assumptions utilized in setting adequate premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we derive a portion of our cash flow and gross margin from our prescription drug plan (pdp) operations, for which we submit annual bids for participation. the results of our bids could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
a significant portion of our pdp membership is obtained from the auto-assignment of beneficiaries in cms-designated regions where our pdp premium bids are below benchmarks of other plans' bids. in general, our premium bids are based on assumptions regarding pdp membership, utilization, drug costs, drug rebates and other factors for each region. our 2022 pdp bids resulted in 34 of the 34 cms regions in which we were below the benchmarks, compared with our 2021 pdp bids in which we were below the benchmarks in 33 regions, and within the de minimis range in the remaining region.
if our future part d premium bids are not below the cms benchmarks, we risk losing pdp members who were previously assigned to us and we may not have additional pdp members auto-assigned to us, which could materially reduce our revenue and profits.
our encounter data may be inaccurate or incomplete, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and ability to bid for, and continue to participate in, certain programs.
our contracts require the submission of complete and correct encounter data. the accurate and timely reporting of encounter data is increasingly important to the success of our programs because more states are using encounter data to determine compliance with performance standards and to set premium rates. we have expended and may continue to expend additional effort and incur significant additional costs to collect or correct inaccurate or incomplete encounter data and have been, and continue to be, exposed to operating sanctions and financial fines and penalties for noncompliance. in some instances, our government clients have established retroactive requirements for the encounter data we must submit. there also may be periods of time in which we are unable to meet existing requirements. in either case, it may be prohibitively expensive or impossible for us to collect or reconstruct this historical data.
we may experience challenges in obtaining complete and accurate encounter data, due to difficulties with providers and third-party vendors submitting claims in a timely fashion in the proper format, and with state agencies in coordinating such submissions. as states increase their reliance on encounter data, these difficulties could adversely affect the premium rates we receive and how membership is assigned to us and subject us to financial penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and our ability to bid for, and continue to participate in, certain programs.
if any of our government contracts are terminated or are not renewed on favorable terms or at all, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business may be adversely affected.
a substantial portion of our business relates to the provision of managed care programs and selected services to individuals receiving benefits under governmental assistance or entitlement programs. we provide these and other healthcare services under contracts with government entities in the areas in which we operate. our government contracts are generally intended to run for a fixed number of years and may be extended for an additional specified number of years if the contracting entity or its agent elects to do so. when our contracts with government entities expire, they may be opened for bidding by competing healthcare providers, and there is no guarantee that our contracts will be renewed or extended. competitors may buy their way into the market by submitting bids with lower pricing. even if our responsive bids are successful, the bids may be based upon assumptions or other factors which could result in the contracts being less profitable than we had anticipated. further, our government contracts contain certain provisions regarding eligibility, enrollment and dis-enrollment processes for covered services, eligible providers, periodic financial and informational reporting, quality assurance, timeliness of claims payment, compliance with contract terms and law, and agreement to maintain a medicare plan in the state and financial standards, among other things, and are subject to cancellation if we fail to perform in accordance with the standards set by regulatory agencies.
we are also subject to various reviews, audits and investigations to verify our compliance with the terms of our contracts with various governmental agencies, as well as compliance with applicable laws and regulations. any adverse review, audit or investigation could result in, among other things: cancellation of our contracts; refunding of amounts we have been paid pursuant to our contracts; imposition of fines, penalties and other sanctions on us; loss of our right to participate in various programs; increased difficulty in selling our products and services; loss of one or more of our licenses; lowered quality star ratings; harm to our reputation; or required changes to the way we do business. for example, march 2021, the state of ohio filed a civil action against us. the complaint alleged breaches of contract with the ohio department of medicaid relating to the provision of pharmacy benefits management (pbm) services and violations of ohio law relating to such contracts including among other things, by (i) seeking payment for services already reimbursed, (ii) not accurately disclosing to the ohio department of medicaid the true cost of the pbm services and (iii) inflating dispensing fees for prescription drugs. we have reached no-fault agreements with the attorneys general of nine states, including ohio, to resolve claims made by the states related to services provided by envolve, our pharmacy benefits manager subsidiary. as a result of the settlement, the ohio attorney general's litigation against us was dismissed. additionally, we are in discussions to bring final resolution to these concerns in other affected states. consistent with those discussions, we recorded a reserve estimate of $1,250 million in the second quarter of 2021 related to the issue, inclusive of the above settlements and rebates that we determined in the course of the matter are payable across our products. notwithstanding such settlement and other ongoing discussions, additional claims, reviews or investigations relating to our pbm business may still be brought by other states, the federal government or shareholder litigants, and there is no guarantee we will have the ability to settle such claims with other states within the reserve estimate we have recorded and on other acceptable terms, or at all. in addition, under government procurement regulations and practices, a negative determination resulting from a government audit of our business practices could result in a contractor being fined, debarred and/or suspended from being able to bid on, or be awarded, new government contracts for a period of time.
if any of our government contracts are terminated, not renewed, renewed on less favorable terms, or not renewed on a timely basis, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business and reputation may be adversely impacted, our goodwill could be impaired and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows may be materially affected.
we contract with independent third-party vendors and service providers who provide services to us and our subsidiaries or to whom we delegate selected functions. violations of, or noncompliance with, laws and regulations governing our business by such third parties, or governing our dealings with such parties, could, among other things, subject us to additional audits, reviews and investigations and other adverse effects.
ineffectiveness of state-operated systems and subcontractors could adversely affect our business.
a number of our health plans rely on other state-operated systems or subcontractors to qualify, solicit, educate and assign eligible members into managed care plans. the effectiveness of these state operations and subcontractors can have a material effect on a health plan's enrollment in a particular month or over an extended period. when a state implements either new programs to determine eligibility or new processes to assign or enroll eligible members into health plans, or when it chooses new subcontractors, there is an increased potential for an unanticipated impact on the overall number of members assigned to managed care plans.
execution of our value creation strategy may create disruptions in our business.
our value creation strategy has included, and may continue to include the acquisition and expansion of health plans participating in government sponsored healthcare programs and specialty services businesses, contract rights and related assets of other health plans both in our existing service areas and in new markets and start-up operations in new markets or new products in existing markets. while we may continue to pursue opportunistic acquisitions to expand into new geographies and complementary business lines as well as to augment existing operations, our acquisition strategies may shift as we implement our value creation plan. although we review the records of companies or businesses we plan to acquire, it is possible that we could assume unanticipated liabilities or adverse operating conditions, or an acquisition may not perform as well as expected or may not achieve timely profitability. we also face the risk that we will not be able to effectively integrate acquisitions into our existing operations effectively without substantial expense, delay or other operational or financial problems, including due to conditions on regulatory approval of such acquisitions, and we may need to divert more management resources to integration than we planned.
in connection with start-up operations and system migrations, we may incur significant expenses prior to commencement of operations and the receipt of revenue. for example, in order to obtain a certificate of authority in most jurisdictions, we must first establish a provider network, have systems in place and demonstrate our ability to administer a state contract and process claims. we may experience delays in operational start dates, including those related to the impacts of covid-19. as a result of these factors, start-up operations may decrease our profitability. the timing of operating our new east coast headquarters in charlotte, and the expected benefits of its completion, may also be negatively impacted as a result of these factors.
although our value creation plan is designed to enable us to build upon our strong foundation and unlock value and drive margin expansion through various initiatives, including, without limitation, targeted sg&a initiatives; share repurchases; divestitures; refinancing activities; using data-driven and innovative approaches to enhance efficiency, lower costs, and drive better health outcomes for our members and providers; streamlining procurement and improving our bid process; and further scaling through standardization of our operating model and consolidation of our platform, these initiatives are subject to a variety of risks including, without limitation: anticipated benefits not being realized or not at the levels or on the timing anticipated; that implementation will be materially delayed or more difficult than expected; the diversion of management's time and attention; and initiatives being more expensive to complete than anticipated, including as a result of unexpected factors or events.
if we are unable to effectively implement or integrate our value creation strategy, including as a result of the continued impact of covid-19, our future growth will suffer and our results of operations could be harmed.
if competing managed care programs are unwilling to purchase specialty services from us, we may not be able to successfully implement our strategy of diversifying our business lines.
we have sought and continue to seek to diversify our business lines into areas that complement our government sponsored health plan business in order to grow our revenue stream and diversify our business. in order to diversify our business, we must succeed in selling the services of our specialty subsidiaries not only to our managed care plans, but to programs operated by third parties. some of these third-party programs may compete with us in some markets, and they therefore may be unwilling to purchase specialty services from us. in any event, the offering of these services will require marketing activities that differ significantly from the manner in which we seek to increase revenues from our government sponsored programs. our ineffectiveness in marketing specialty services to third parties may impair our ability to execute our business strategy.
if state regulators do not approve payments of dividends and distributions by our subsidiaries to us, we may not have sufficient funds to implement our business strategy.
we principally operate through our health plan subsidiaries. as part of normal operations, we may make requests for dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries to fund our operations. in addition to state corporate law limitations, these subsidiaries are subject to more stringent state insurance and hmo laws and regulations that limit the amount of dividends and distributions that can be paid to us without prior approval of, or notification to, state regulators. if these regulators were to deny or delay our subsidiaries' requests to pay dividends, the funds available to us would be limited, which could harm our ability to implement our business strategy.
we derive a significant portion of our premium revenues from operations in a limited number of states, and our results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be materially affected by a decrease in premium revenues or profitability in any one of those states.
operations in a limited number of states have accounted for a significant portion of our premium revenues to date. if we were unable to continue to operate in any of those states or if our current operations in any portion of one of those states were significantly curtailed, our revenues could decrease materially. our reliance on operations in a limited number of states could cause our revenues and profitability to change suddenly and unexpectedly depending on legislative or other governmental or regulatory actions and decisions, economic conditions and similar factors in those states. for example, states we currently serve may open the bidding for their medicaid program to other health insurers through a request for proposal process. our inability to continue to operate in any of the states in which we operate could harm our business.
competition may limit our ability to increase penetration of the markets that we serve.
we compete for members principally on the basis of size and quality of provider networks, benefits provided and quality of service. we compete with numerous types of competitors, including other health plans and traditional state medicaid programs that reimburse providers as care is provided, as well as technology companies, new joint ventures, financial services firms, consulting firms and other non-traditional competitors. in addition, the administration of the aca has the potential to shift the competitive landscape in our segment.
some of the health plans with which we compete have greater financial and other resources and offer a broader scope of products than we do. in addition, significant merger and acquisition activity has occurred in the managed care industry, as well as complementary industries, such as the hospital, physician, pharmaceutical, medical device and health information systems businesses. to the extent that competition intensifies in any market that we serve, as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise, our ability to retain or increase members and providers, or maintain or increase our revenue growth, pricing flexibility and control over medical cost trends may be adversely affected.
if we are unable to maintain relationships with our provider networks, our profitability may be harmed.
our profitability depends, in large part, upon our ability to contract at competitive prices with hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers. our provider arrangements with our primary care physicians, specialists and hospitals generally may be canceled by either party without cause upon 90 to 120 days prior written notice. we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to continue to renew our existing contracts or enter into new contracts on a timely basis or under favorable terms enabling us to service our members profitably. healthcare providers with whom we contract may not properly manage the costs of, and access to services, be able to provide effective telehealth services, maintain financial solvency, including due to the impact of covid-19, or avoid disputes with other providers. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our operations.
in any particular market, physicians and other healthcare providers could refuse to contract, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs or difficulty in meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements, among other things. in some markets, certain healthcare providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions or near monopolies that could result in diminished bargaining power on our part. in addition, accountable care organizations, practice management companies, which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage, and other organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and other healthcare providers choose may change the way in which these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape. such organizations or groups of healthcare providers may compete directly with us, which could adversely affect our operations, and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows by impacting our relationships with these providers or affecting the way that we price our products and estimate our costs, which might require us to incur costs to change our operations. provider networks may consolidate, resulting in a reduction in the competitive environment. in addition, if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate contracts unfavorable to us or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected.
from time to time, healthcare providers assert or threaten to assert claims seeking to terminate non-cancelable agreements due to alleged actions or inactions by us. if we are unable to retain our current provider contract terms or enter into new provider contracts timely or on favorable terms, our profitability may be harmed. in addition, from time to time, we may be subject to class action or other lawsuits by healthcare providers with respect to claim payment procedures or similar matters. for example, our wholly owned subsidiary, health net life insurance company (hnl), is and may continue to be subject to such disputes with respect to hnl's payment levels in connection with the processing of out-of-network provider reimbursement claims for the provision of certain substance abuse related services. hnl expects to vigorously defend its claims payment practices. nevertheless, in the event hnl receives an adverse finding in any related legal proceeding or from a regulator, or is otherwise required to reimburse providers for these claims at rates that are higher than expected or for claims hnl otherwise believes are unallowable, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. in addition, regardless of whether any such lawsuits brought against us are successful or have merit, they will still be time-consuming and costly and could distract our management's attention. as a result, under such circumstances we may incur significant expenses and may be unable to operate our business effectively.
if we are unable to integrate and manage our information systems effectively, our operations could be disrupted.
our operations depend significantly on effective information systems. the information gathered and processed by our information systems assists us in, among other things, monitoring utilization and other cost factors, processing provider claims, and providing data to our regulators. our healthcare providers also depend upon our information systems for membership verifications, claims status and other information. our information systems and applications require continual maintenance, upgrading and enhancement to meet our operational needs and regulatory requirements. we regularly upgrade and expand our information systems' capabilities. if we experience difficulties with the transition to or from information systems or do not appropriately integrate, maintain, enhance or expand our information systems, we could suffer, among other things, operational disruptions, loss of existing members and difficulty in attracting new members, regulatory problems and increases in administrative expenses. in addition, our ability to integrate and manage our information systems may be impaired as the result of events outside our control, including acts of nature, such as earthquakes or fires, or acts of terrorists, which may include cyber-attacks by terrorists or other governmental or non-governmental actors. in addition, we may from time to time obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or facilities from independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable if such third parties fail to perform adequately.
an impairment charge with respect to our recorded goodwill and intangible assets could have a material impact on our results of operations.
we periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may be impaired, in which case a charge to earnings may be necessary. changes in business strategy, government regulations or economic or market conditions have resulted and may result in impairments of our goodwill and other intangible assets at any time in the future. our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on, among other things, legal factors, market conditions, and operational performance. for example, the non-renewal of our health plan contracts with the state in which they operate may be an indicator of impairment. if an event or events occur that would cause us to revise our estimates and assumptions used in analyzing the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets, such revision could result in a non-cash impairment charge that could have a material impact on our results of operations in the period in which the impairment occurs.
a failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties with which we do business, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
information security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct our operations, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state agents. our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks.
security breaches may arise from external or internal threats. external breaches include hacking personal information for financial gain, attempting to cause harm or interruption to our operations, or intending to obtain competitive information. we experience attempted external hacking or malicious attacks on a regular basis. we maintain a rigorous system of prevention and detection controls through our security programs; however, our prevention and detection controls may not prevent or identify all such attacks on a timely basis, or at all. internal breaches may result from inappropriate security access to confidential information by rogue employees, consultants or third party service providers. any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential member information, financial data, competitively sensitive information, or other proprietary data, whether by us or a third party, could have a material adverse effect on our business reputation, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
we may be unable to attract, retain or effectively manage the succession of key personnel.
we are highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. we may be adversely impacted if we are unable to adequately plan for the succession of our executives and senior management. in july 2021, mr. neidorff informally communicated to the board that he may decide for personal reasons to step down before the end of his contract, after which the board and mr. neidorff established a succession planning initiative to ensure a full continuity plan. this succession planning process was discussed in the company's preliminary prospectus supplement, filed july 29, 2021. subsequently, in december 2021, mr. neidorff communicated his intent to retire as chief executive officer in 2022. mr. neidorff will serve as executive chairman throughout the remainder of 2022, upon his retirement as chief executive officer. while we have succession plans in place for members of our executive and senior management team, including our chief executive officer in 2022, these plans do not guarantee that the services of our executive and senior management team will continue to be available to us. our ability to replace any departed members of our executive and senior management team or other key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in the managed care and specialty services industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to operate and successfully expand a business such as ours. competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these personnel. if we are unable to attract, retain and effectively manage the succession plans for key personnel, executives and senior management, our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be harmed.
risks relating to regulatory and legal matters reductions in funding, changes to eligibility requirements for government sponsored healthcare programs in which we participate and any inability on our part to effectively adapt to changes to these programs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
the majority of our revenues come from government subsidized healthcare programs including medicaid, medicare, tricare, chip, ltss, abd, foster care and health insurance marketplace premiums. under most programs, the base premium rate paid for each program differs, depending on a combination of factors such as defined upper payment limits, a member's health status, age, gender, county or region and benefit mix. since medicaid was created in 1965, the federal government and the states have shared the costs for this program, with the federal share currently averaging approximately 60%. we are therefore exposed to risks associated with federal and state government contracting or participating in programs involving a government payor, including but not limited to the general ability of the federal and/or state governments to terminate or modify contracts with them, in whole or in part, without prior notice, for convenience or for default based on performance; potential regulatory or legislative action that may materially modify amounts owed; our dependence upon congressional or legislative appropriation and allotment of funds and the impact that delays in government payments could have on our operating cash flow and liquidity; and other regulatory, legislative or judicial actions that may have an impact on the operations of government subsidized healthcare programs including ongoing litigation involving the aca. for example, future levels of funding and premium rates may be affected by continuing government efforts to contain healthcare costs and may further be affected by state and federal budgetary constraints. governments periodically consider reducing or reallocating the amount of money they spend for medicaid, medicare, tricare, chip, ltss, abd and foster care. furthermore, medicare remains subject to the automatic spending reductions imposed by the budget control act of 2011 and the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 ("sequestration"), subject to a 2% cap, which was extended by the bipartisan budget act of 2019 through 2029. the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act of 2020 temporarily suspended the medicare sequestration for the period of may 1, 2020 through december 31, 2020, while also extending the mandatory sequestration policy by an additional one year, through 2030. the bipartisan-bicameral omnibus covid relief deal passed in december 2020 further extended the suspension of the medicare sequestration until march 31, 2021, and the protecting medicare and american farmers from sequester cuts act passed in december 2021 extended the sequester through march 31, 2022 and will adjust the sequester to 1% between april 1, 2022 and june 30, 2022.
in addition, reductions in defense spending could have an adverse impact on certain government programs in which we currently participate by, among other things, terminating or materially changing such programs, or by decreasing or delaying payments made under such programs. adverse economic conditions may put pressures on state budgets as tax and other state revenues decrease while the population that is eligible to participate in these programs remains steady or increases, creating more need for funding. we anticipate this will require government agencies to find funding alternatives, which may result in reductions in funding for programs, contraction of covered benefits, and limited or no premium rate increases or premium rate decreases. a reduction (or less than expected increase), a protracted delay, or a change in allocation methodology in government funding for these programs, as well as termination of one or more contracts for the convenience of the government, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, if another federal government shutdown were to occur for a prolonged period of time, federal government payment obligations, including its obligations under medicaid, medicare, tricare, chip, ltss, abd, foster care and the health insurance marketplaces, may be delayed. similarly, if state government shutdowns were to occur, state payment obligations may be delayed. if the federal or state governments fail to make payments under these programs on a timely basis, our business could suffer, and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows may be materially affected.
payments from government payors may be delayed in the future, which, if extended for any significant period of time, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, cash flows or liquidity. in addition, delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain or maintain, governmental approvals, or moratoria imposed by regulatory authorities, could adversely affect our revenues or membership, increase costs or adversely affect our ability to bring new products to market as forecasted. other changes to our government programs could affect our willingness or ability to participate in any of these programs or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
finally, changes in these programs could change the number of persons enrolled in or eligible for these programs and increase our administrative and healthcare costs under these programs. for example, we expect medicaid eligibility redeterminations, which have been suspended during covid, to begin in 2022, which we expect to reduce our membership. maintaining current eligibility levels could cause states to reduce reimbursement or reduce benefits in order for states to afford to maintain eligibility levels. if any state in which we operate were to decrease premiums paid to us or pay us less than the amount necessary to keep pace with our cost trends, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
significant changes or judicial challenges to the aca could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
the enactment of the aca in march 2010 transformed the u.s. healthcare delivery system through a series of complex initiatives; however, the aca has faced, and continues to face, administrative, judicial and legislative challenges to repeal or change certain of its significant provisions. changes to, or repeal of, portions or the entirety of the aca, as well as judicial interpretations in response to constitutional and other legal challenges, as well as the uncertainty generated by such actual or potential challenges, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
among the most significant of the aca's provisions was the establishment of the health insurance marketplace for individuals and small employers to purchase health insurance coverage that included a minimum level of benefits and restrictions on coverage limitations and premium rates, as well as the expansion of medicaid coverage to all individuals under age 65 with incomes up to 138% of the federal poverty level beginning january 1, 2014, subject to each state's election. the department of health and human services (the hhs) additionally indicated that it would consider a limited number of premium assistance demonstration proposals from states that want to privatize medicaid expansion. several states in which we operate have obtained section 1115 waivers to implement the aca's medicaid expansion in ways that extend beyond the flexibility provided by the federal law, with additional states pursuing section 1115 waivers regarding eligibility criteria, benefits, and cost-sharing, and provider payments across their medicaid programs. litigation challenging section 1115 waiver activity for both new and previously approved waivers is expected to continue both through administrative actions and the courts.
there have been significant efforts from the previous administration to repeal or amend certain provisions of the aca through changes in regulations. such initiatives included repeal of the individual mandate effective in 2019, as well as easing the regulatory restrictions placed on short-term health plans and association health plans (ahps), which plans often provide fewer benefits than the traditional aca insurance benefits.
additionally, the u.s. department of labor issued a final rule on june 19, 2018 which expanded flexibility regarding the regulation and formation of ahps provided by small employer groups and associations. on june 13, 2019, the hhs, the u.s. department of labor and the u.s. treasury issued a final rule allowing employers of all sizes that do not offer a group coverage plan to fund a new kind of health reimbursement arrangement (hra), known as an individual coverage hra (ichra). beginning january 1, 2020, employees became able to use employer-funded ichras to buy individual-market insurance, including insurance purchased on the public exchanges formed under the aca.
it remains uncertain whether the current administration will propose changes to restrict these insurance plan options that are not required to meet aca requirements, and what the impact of such potential changes may be. there have also been efforts by the previous administration to address the aca's non-deductible tax imposed on health insurers based on prior year net premiums written (the hif). congress passed a spending bill in december 2019, which repealed the health insurance tax indefinitely, effective in 2021.
the constitutionality of the aca itself continues to face judicial challenge. the ultimate content, timing or effect of any potential future legislation or litigation and the outcome of other lawsuits cannot be predicted and may be delayed as a result of court closures and reduced court dockets as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
in contrast to previous executive and legislative efforts to restrict or limit certain provisions of the aca, the american rescue act, enacted on march 11, 2021, contained provisions aimed at leveraging medicaid and the health insurance marketplace to expand health insurance coverage and affordability to consumers. the american rescue act authorized an additional $1.9 trillion in federal spending to address the covid-19 public health emergency, and contained several provisions designed to increase coverage of certain healthcare services, expand eligibility and benefits, incentivize state medicaid expansion, and adjust federal financing for state medicaid programs, the ultimate impact of which remain uncertain. the american rescue act enhanced eligibility for the advance premium tax credit for certain enrollees in the health insurance marketplace currently expires on december 31, 2022, and if it is not extended, our health insurance marketplace membership may be reduced.
these changes and other potential changes involving the functioning of the health insurance marketplace as a result of additional new legislation, regulation, executive action or litigation, including those related to extending enrollment periods, increasing eligibility in the program design, changing the eligibility and amount of the advanced premium tax credit and expanding navigator services, could impact our business and results of operations adversely or in other ways that we do not currently anticipate.
our business activities are highly regulated and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could force us to change how we operate and could harm our business.
our business is extensively regulated by the states in which we operate and by the federal government. in addition, the managed care industry has received negative publicity that has led to increased legislation, regulation, review of industry practices and private litigation in the commercial sector. such negative publicity may adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation in various markets.
in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we are regulated by the relevant insurance, health and/or human services or government departments that oversee the activities of managed care organizations providing or arranging to provide services to medicaid, medicare, health insurance marketplace enrollees or other beneficiaries. for example, our health plan subsidiaries, as well as our applicable specialty companies, must comply with minimum statutory capital and other financial solvency requirements, such as deposit and surplus requirements.
the frequent enactment of, changes to, or interpretations of laws and regulations could, among other things: force us to restructure our relationships with providers within our network; require us to implement additional or different programs and systems; restrict revenue and enrollment growth; increase our healthcare and administrative costs; impose additional capital and surplus requirements; and increase or change our liability to members in the event of malpractice by our contracted providers. in addition, changes in political party or administrations at the state or federal level in the united states or internationally may change the attitude towards healthcare programs and result in changes to the existing legislative or regulatory environment.
additionally, the taxes and fees paid to federal, state local and international governments may increase due to several factors, including: enactment of, changes to, or interpretations of tax laws and regulations, audits by governmental authorities, geographic expansions into higher taxing jurisdictions and the effect of expansions into international markets.
we are often required to maintain a minimum hbr or share profits in excess of certain levels, which may be retroactive. in certain circumstances, our plans have returned premiums back to the states, enrollees or other beneficiaries in the event profits exceed established levels or hbr does not meet the minimum requirement. the amount of premium returned may include transparent pharmacy pricing and rebate initiatives. other states may require us to meet certain performance and quality metrics in order to maintain our contract or receive additional or full contractual revenue.
the governmental healthcare programs in which we participate are subject to the satisfaction of certain regulations and performance standards. regulators require numerous steps for continued implementation of the aca, including the promulgation of a substantial number of potentially more onerous federal regulations. if we fail to effectively implement or appropriately adjust our operational and strategic initiatives with respect to the implementation of healthcare reform, or do not do so as effectively as our competitors, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. for example, under the aca, congress authorized cms and the states to implement managed care demonstration programs to serve dually eligible beneficiaries to improve the coordination of their care. participation in these demonstration programs is subject to cms approval and the satisfaction of conditions to participation, including meeting certain performance requirements. our inability to improve or maintain adequate quality scores and star ratings to meet government performance requirements or to match the performance of our competitors could result in limitations to our participation in or exclusion from these or other government programs. specifically, several of our medicaid contracts require us to maintain a medicare health plan.
in april 2016, cms issued final regulations that revised existing medicaid managed care rules by establishing a minimum mlr standard for medicaid of 85% and strengthening provisions related to network adequacy and access to care, enrollment and disenrollment protections, beneficiary support information, continued service during beneficiary appeals, and delivery system and payment reform initiatives, among others. on november 13, 2020, cms finalized revisions to the medicaid managed care regulations, many of which became effective in december 2020. while not a wholesale revision of the 2016 regulations, the november 2020 final rule adopted changes in areas including network adequacy, beneficiary protections, quality oversight, and the establishment of capitation rates and payment policies. although we strive to comply with all existing regulations and to meet performance standards applicable to our business, failure to meet these requirements could result in financial fines and penalties. also, states or other governmental entities may not allow us to continue to participate in their government programs, or we may fail to win procurements to participate in such programs, either of which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in addition, as a result of the expansion of our businesses and operations conducted in foreign countries, we face political, economic, legal, compliance, regulatory, operational and other risks and exposures that are unique and vary by jurisdiction. these foreign regulatory requirements with respect to, among other items, environmental, tax, licensing, intellectual property, privacy, data protection, investment, capital, management control, labor relations, and fraud and corruption regulations are different than those faced by our domestic businesses. in addition, we are subject to u.s. laws that regulate the conduct and activities of u.s.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa). any failure to comply with laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the united states or to successfully navigate international regulatory regimes that apply to us could adversely affect our ability to market our products and services, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our businesses providing pharmacy benefits management and specialty pharmacy services face regulatory and other risks and uncertainties which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we provide pbm and specialty pharmacy services, including through our envolve pharmacy solutions product and magellan health. these businesses are subject to federal and state laws and regulations that, among other requirements, govern the relationships of the business with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies, customers and consumers. for example, in march 2021, the state of ohio filed a civil action against us. the complaint alleged breaches of contract with the ohio department of medicaid relating to the provision of pbm services and violations of ohio law relating to such contracts, including among other things, by (i) seeking payment for services already reimbursed, (ii) not accurately disclosing to the ohio department of medicaid the true cost of the pbm services and (iii) inflating dispensing fees for prescription drugs. we have reached no-fault agreements with the attorneys general of nine states, including ohio, to resolve claims made by the states related to services provided by envolve, our pharmacy benefits manager subsidiary. as a result of the settlement, the ohio attorney general's litigation against us was dismissed. additionally, we are in discussions to bring final resolution to these concerns in other affected states. consistent with those discussions, we recorded a reserve estimate of $1,250 million in the second quarter of 2021 related to this issue, inclusive of the above settlements and rebates that we determined in the course of the matter are payable across our products. notwithstanding such settlement and other ongoing discussions, additional claims, reviews or investigations relating to our pbm business may still be brought by other states, the federal government or shareholder litigants, and there is no guarantee we will have the ability to settle such claims with other states within the reserve estimate we have recorded and on other acceptable terms, or at all.
we also conduct business as a mail order pharmacy and specialty pharmacy, which subjects these businesses to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. in addition, federal and state legislatures and regulators regularly consider new regulations for the industry that could materially and adversely affect current industry practices, including the receipt or disclosure of rebates from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies, and the use of average wholesale prices.
our pbm and specialty pharmacy businesses would be materially and adversely affected by an inability to contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers and other suppliers, including with respect to the structuring of rebates and pricing of new specialty and generic drugs. in addition, our pbm and specialty pharmacy businesses could face potential claims in connection with purported errors by our mail order or specialty pharmacies, including in connection with the risks inherent in the authorization, compounding, packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other healthcare products. disruptions at any of our mail order or specialty pharmacies due to an event that is beyond our control could affect our ability to process and dispense prescriptions in a timely manner and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we have been and may from time to time become involved in costly and time-consuming litigation and other regulatory proceedings, which require significant attention from our management and could adversely affect our business.
from time to time, we are a defendant in lawsuits and regulatory actions and are subject to investigations relating to our business, including, without limitation, medical malpractice claims, claims by members alleging failure to pay for or provide healthcare, claims related to non-payment or insufficient payments for out-of-network services, claims related to network adequacy, claims alleging bad faith, investigations regarding our submission of risk adjuster claims, putative securities class actions, protests and appeals related to medicaid procurement awards, employment-related disputes, including wage and hour claims, submissions to state agencies related to payments or state false claims acts and claims related to the imposition of new taxes, including but not limited to claims that may have retroactive application. for example, in march 2021, the state of ohio filed a civil action against us. the complaint alleged breaches of contract with the ohio department of medicaid relating to the provision of pbm services and violations of ohio law relating to such contracts, including among other things, by (i) seeking payment for services already reimbursed, (ii) not accurately disclosing to the ohio department of medicaid the true cost of the pbm services and (iii) inflating dispensing fees for prescription drugs. we have reached no-fault agreements with the attorneys general of nine states, including ohio, to resolve claims made by the states related to services provided by envolve, our pharmacy benefits manager subsidiary. as a result of the settlement, the ohio attorney general's litigation against us was dismissed. additionally, we are in discussions to bring final resolution to these concerns in other affected states. consistent with those discussions, we recorded a reserve estimate of $1,250 million in the second quarter of 2021 related to this issue, inclusive of the above settlements and rebates that we determined in the course of the matter are payable across our products. additional claims, reviews or investigations relating to our pbm business may be brought by other states, the federal government or shareholder litigants, and there is no guarantee we will have the ability to settle such claims with other states within the reserve estimate we have recorded and on other acceptable terms, or at all. in addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, such proceedings are costly and time consuming and require significant attention from our management, and could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
if we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security, and data laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers that utilize sensitive personal information on our behalf, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
as part of our normal operations, we collect, process and retain confidential member information. we are subject to various federal, state and international laws, regulations, rules and contractual requirements regarding the use and disclosure of confidential member information, including the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (hipaa), the health information technology for economic and clinical health (hitech) act of 2009, the gramm-leach-bliley act, and the european union's general data protection regulation, which require us to protect the privacy of medical records and safeguard personal health information we maintain and use. certain of our businesses are also subject to the payment card industry data security standard, which is a multifaceted security standard that is designed to protect credit card account data as mandated by payment card industry entities. despite our best attempts to maintain adherence to information privacy and security best practices, as well as compliance with applicable laws, rules and contractual requirements, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to privacy or security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, malware or other forms of cyber-attack, misplaced or lost data including paper or electronic media, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. in the past, we have had data breaches resulting in disclosure of confidential or protected health information that have not resulted in any material financial loss or penalty to date. for example, in 2021, we learned that accellion, a third-party data transfer provider with whom we contract, had a system vulnerability that resulted in unauthorized access to certain sensitive data of our customers, including protected health information, as well as unauthorized access to the data of several of accellion's other clients. this incident led to putative class action lawsuits that were filed against us and our subsidiaries, health net, llc, health net of california, inc., health net life insurance company, health net community solutions, inc., and california health & wellness, and accellion on behalf of the affected customers. we do not believe that this incident is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. however, there can be no assurance that this incident and other privacy or security breaches will not require us to expend significant resources to remediate any damage, interrupt our operations and damage our business or reputation, subject us to state, federal, or international agency review, and result in enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, litigation or other actions which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in addition, hipaa broadened the scope of fraud, waste and abuse laws applicable to healthcare companies and established enforcement mechanisms to combat fraud, waste and abuse, including civil and, in some instances, criminal penalties for failure to comply with specific standards relating to the privacy, security and electronic transmission of protected health information. the hitech act expanded the scope of these provisions by mandating individual notification in instances of breaches of protected health information, providing enhanced penalties for hipaa violations, and granting enforcement authority to states' attorneys general in addition to the hhs office for civil rights. it is possible that congress may enact additional legislation in the future to increase the amount or application of penalties and to create a private right of action under hipaa, which could entitle patients to seek monetary damages for violations of the privacy rules.
if we fail to comply with the extensive federal and state fraud, waste and abuse laws, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
we, along with other companies involved in public healthcare programs, have been, and from time to time are, the subject of federal and state fraud, waste and abuse investigations. the regulations and contractual requirements applicable to participants in these public sector programs are complex and subject to change. violations of fraud, waste and abuse laws applicable to us could result in civil monetary penalties, criminal fines and imprisonment, and/or exclusion from participation in medicaid, medicare, tricare, and other federal healthcare programs and federally funded state health programs. fraud, waste and abuse prohibitions encompass a wide range of activities, including kickbacks for referral of members, incorrect and unsubstantiated billing or billing for unnecessary medical services, improper marketing and violations of patient privacy rights. these fraud, waste and abuse laws include the federal false claims act, which prohibits the known filing of a false claim or the known use of false statements to obtain payment from the federal government, and the federal anti-kickback statute, which prohibits the payment or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals or recommendations of healthcare items or services. many states have fraud, waste and abuse laws, including false claim act and anti-kickback statutes that closely resemble the federal false claims act and the federal anti-kickback statute. in addition, the deficit reduction act of 2005 encouraged states to enact state-versions of the federal false claims act that establish liability to the state for false and fraudulent medicaid claims and that provide for, among other things, claims to be filed by qui tam relators (private parties acting on the government's behalf). federal and state governments have made investigating and prosecuting healthcare fraud, waste and abuse a priority. in the event we fail to comply with the extensive federal and state fraud, waste and abuse laws, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
risks relating to conditions in the financial markets and economy our investment portfolio may suffer losses which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or liquidity.
we maintain a significant investment portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments in a variety of securities, which are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks and will decline in value if interest rates increase or one of the issuers' credit ratings is reduced. furthermore, covid-19 has impacted, and may continue to impact, the global economy resulting in significant market volatility and fluctuating interest rates. as a result, we may experience a reduction in value or loss of our investments, which may have a negative adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
adverse credit market conditions may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity or our ability to obtain credit on acceptable terms.
in the past, the securities and credit markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption, including due to the effects of covid-19. the availability of credit, from virtually all types of lenders, has at times been restricted. in the event we need access to additional capital to pay our operating expenses, fund subsidiary surplus requirements, make payments on or refinance our indebtedness, pay capital expenditures, or fund acquisitions, our ability to obtain such capital may be limited and the cost of any such capital may be significant, particularly if we are unable to access our existing revolving credit facility.
our access to additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as prevailing economic and credit market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to our industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, and perceptions of our financial prospects. similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. if one or any combination of these factors were to occur, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain sufficient additional financing on favorable terms, within an acceptable time, or at all.
we have substantial indebtedness outstanding and may incur additional indebtedness in the future. such indebtedness could reduce our agility and may adversely affect our financial condition.
as of december 31, 2021, we had consolidated indebtedness of $18.8 billion. we may further increase our indebtedness in the future.
this may have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and increasing borrowing costs.
among other things, our revolving credit facility and term loan facility (collectively, the company credit facility) and the indentures governing our notes require us to comply with various covenants that impose restrictions on our operations, including our ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, pay dividends, make certain investments or other restricted payments, sell or otherwise dispose of substantially all of our assets and engage in other activities. our company credit facility also requires us to comply with a maximum debt-to-ebitda ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. these restrictive covenants could limit our ability to pursue our business strategies. in addition, any failure by us to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default under our company credit facility and, in some circumstances, under the indentures governing our notes, which, in any case, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
changes in the method pursuant to which the libor rates are determined and the phasing out of libor may affect the value of the financial obligations to be held or issued by us that are linked to libor or our results of operations or financial condition.
as of december 31, 2021, borrowings under our company credit facility bear interest based upon various reference rates, including libor, which is in the process of being phased out. the u.k. financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, has announced that it intends to phase out libor. banks currently reporting information used to set u.s. dollar libor are currently expected to stop doing so during 2023, and in 2021, the u.s. federal reserve board and other regulatory bodies issued guidance encouraging banks and other financial market participants to cease entering into new contracts that use u.s. dollar libor as a reference rate as soon as practicable and in any event no later than december 31, 2021.
while various bodies, including government agencies, are seeking to identify an alternative rate to replace libor, including the secured overnight financing rate (sofr), there is uncertainty regarding which alternative reference rate will replace libor. we may need to amend certain agreements that use libor as a benchmark, and we cannot predict what alternative index or other amendments may be negotiated with our counterparties. as a result, our interest expense could increase and our available cash flow for general corporate requirements may be adversely affected. additionally, uncertainty as to the nature of the discontinuation or modification of libor, alternative reference rates or other reforms could have an adverse impact on the market for, or value of, any libor-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us or on our overall financial condition or results of operations.
risks associated with mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures mergers and acquisitions may not be accretive and may cause dilution to our earnings per share, which may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
the market price of our common stock is generally subject to volatility, and there can be no assurances regarding the level or stability of our share price at any time. the market price of our common stock may decline as a result of acquisitions if, among other things, we are unable to achieve the expected cost and revenue synergies or growth in earnings, the operational cost savings estimates in connection with the integration of acquired businesses with ours are not realized as rapidly or to the extent anticipated, the transaction costs related to the acquisitions and integrations are greater than expected or if any financing related to the acquisitions is on unfavorable terms. the market price also may decline if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of the acquisitions, including the magellan acquisition, as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts or if the effect of the acquisitions on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows is not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts.
we may be unable to successfully integrate our existing business with acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions.
the success of acquisitions we make, will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine the existing business of centene with such acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, growth in earnings, innovation and operational efficiencies, from the combinations. if we are unable to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected and the value of our common stock may be harmed.
the integration of acquired businesses, including magellan health, with our existing business is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. the integration may result in material challenges, including, without limitation:
the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls as a result of the devotion of management's attention to the integration;
managing a larger company;
maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees;
the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;
retaining existing business and operational relationships and attracting new business and operational relationships;
consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations;
coordinating geographically separate organizations;
unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems;
unanticipated changes in federal or state laws or regulations, including the aca and any regulations enacted thereunder;
unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the acquisition and/or integration;
achieving actual cost savings at the anticipated levels; and
decreases in premiums paid under government sponsored healthcare programs by any state in which we operate.
many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. our ability to successfully manage the expanded business following any given acquisition, including the magellan acquisition, will depend, in part, upon management's ability to design and implement strategic initiatives that address not only the integration of two independent stand-alone companies, but also the increased scale and scope of the combined business with its associated increased costs and complexity. there can be no assurances that we will be successful in managing our expanded operations as a result of acquisitions or that we will realize the expected growth in earnings, operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits.
our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected if we fail to manage and complete divestitures.
we regularly evaluate our portfolio in order to determine whether an asset or business is still consistent with our business strategy or whether there may be a more advantaged owner for that asset or business. when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies, which could delay the achievement of our business strategy. further, divestitures may be delayed due to failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or may become more difficult to execute due to conditions placed upon approval that could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of a transaction. we might have financial exposure in a divested business, such as through minority equity ownership, financial or performance guarantees, indemnities or other obligations, such that conditions outside of our control might negate the expected benefits of the disposition. we could also incur higher costs or charges than planned or incur unexpected charges and could experience greater dis-synergies than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
general risk factors future issuances and sales of additional shares of preferred or common stock could reduce the market price of our shares of common stock.
we may, from time to time, issue additional securities to raise capital or in connection with acquisitions. we often acquire interests in other companies by using a combination of cash and our common stock or just our common stock. further, shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series as our board of directors may from time to time determine each such series to be distinctively designated. the issuance of any such preferred stock could materially adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock. any of these events may dilute your ownership interest in our company and have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this filing. the discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under part i, item 1a."risk factors" of this form 10-k. the following discussion and analysis does not include certain items related to the year ended december 31, 2019, including year-to-year comparisons between the year ended december 31, 2020 and the year ended december 31, 2019. for a comparison of our results of operations for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, filed with the sec on february 22, 2021.
executive overview general we are a leading multi-national healthcare enterprise that is committed to helping people live healthier lives. we take a local approach - with local brands and local teams - to provide fully integrated, high-quality, and cost-effective services to government-sponsored and commercial healthcare programs, focusing on under-insured and uninsured individuals.
results of operations depend on our ability to manage expenses associated with health benefits (including estimated costs incurred) and selling, general and administrative (sg&a) costs. we measure operating performance based upon two key ratios. the health benefits ratio (hbr) represents medical costs as a percentage of premium revenues, excluding premium tax and health insurer fee (hif) revenues that are separately billed, and reflects the direct relationship between the premiums received and the medical services provided. the sg&a expense ratio represents sg&a costs as a percentage of premium and service revenues, excluding premium tax and health insurer fee revenues that are separately billed.
prior to 2021, before the affordable care act (aca) health insurer fee repeal was effected, our insurance subsidiaries were subject to the hif. we recognized revenue for reimbursement of the hif, including the "gross-up" to reflect the non-deductibility of the hif. collectively, this revenue was recorded as premium tax and health insurer fee revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. for certain products, premium taxes, state assessments and the hif were not pass-through payments and were recorded as premium revenue and premium tax expense or health insurer fee expense in the consolidated statements of operations. due to the size of the health insurer fee, one of the primary drivers of the year-over-year variances discussed throughout this section is related to the repeal of the hif in 2021.
magellan acquisition on january 4, 2022, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of magellan health, inc. (magellan). total consideration for the acquisition was approximately $2.6 billion, consisting of $2.5 billion in cash ($95.00 per share) and an estimated $67 million related to the fair value replacement equity awards associated with pre-combination service. the magellan acquisition enables us to provide whole-health, integrated healthcare solutions to deliver better health outcomes at lower costs for complex, high-cost populations.
acquisitions and divestitures in june 2019, we acquired 40% of circle health, one of the u.k.'s largest independent operators of hospitals. the initial 40% investment was accounted for as an equity method investment. in july 2021, we acquired the remaining 60% interest of circle health for $705 million. beginning in july 2021, we consolidate 100% of circle health.
in the fourth quarter of 2020, we acquired pantherx and apixio. pantherx is one of the largest and fastest-growing specialty pharmacies in the united states specializing in orphan drugs and treating rare diseases. pantherx and its management team operate independently as part of our envolve pharmacy solutions business unit. apixio is a healthcare analytics company offering artificial intelligence technology solutions. apixio remains an operationally independent entity as part of our health care enterprises group, bringing value to its clients and the industry, while also realizing the benefits of enhanced scale.
one of the primary drivers of the year-over-year variances discussed throughout this section are related to the acquisitions of circle health and pantherx.
in december 2021, we sold a majority stake in u.s. medical management, llc (usmm) and recognized a pre-tax gain of $150 million. we believe this best positions usmm to expand its reach and impact while helping us to deliver on our value creation plan. we used proceeds from the divestiture of usmm and cash on hand to repurchase 2.4 million shares of centene common stock for $200 million.
value creation plan as introduced in june 2021, the value creation plan is designed to drive margin expansion by leveraging our scale and generating sustainable profitable growth. in order to execute the value creation plan, we created the value creation office, which includes members of executive leadership. the three major pillars of the value creation plan are: sg&a expense savings, gross margin expansion and strategic capital management. the first pillar, sg&a expense savings, includes initiatives targeting improving productivity, driving efficiencies and reducing costs throughout the organization, including real estate optimization. the second pillar, gross margin expansion, will be achieved through initiatives including bid discipline, clinical initiatives, quality improvement and pharmacy cost management. the third pillar, strategic capital management, focuses on value-creating capital deployment activities such as share repurchases, portfolio optimization and debt and investment management.
covid-19 trends and uncertainties the covid-19 outbreak has created unique and unprecedented challenges. in 2020, we saw significant decreases in traditional utilization as stay-at-home orders were put in place, partially offset by covid-19 treatment costs. as stay-at-home orders were lifted and vaccinations became available in 2021, utilization has returned in varying degrees. as a result, one of the primary drivers of the year-over-year variances discussed throughout this section is related to covid-19. in 2021, we launched several initiatives which encourage our health plan members, as well as all americans, to receive the covid-19 vaccine.
the impact of covid-19 on our business in both the short-term and long-term is uncertain and difficult to predict. the outlook for 2022 depends on future developments, including but not limited to: the length and severity of the outbreak (including new variants, which may be more contagious, more severe or less responsive to treatment or vaccines), the effectiveness of containment actions, the timing and effectiveness of vaccinations and achievement of herd immunity, and the timing and rate at which members return to accessing healthcare. the pandemic and these future developments have impacted and will continue to affect our membership and medical utilization. from march 31, 2020 through december 31, 2021, our medicaid membership has increased by 2.5 million members (excluding the new north carolina membership). in addition, the pandemic has and continues to have the potential to impact the administration of state and federal healthcare programs, premium rates and risk sharing mechanisms. we continue to have active dialogues with our state partners to ensure our rates are actuarially sound.
medical utilization continues to lack consistency and will be influenced by the intensity of additional waves of the pandemic. we continue to watch external trends closely, as covid-19 costs could increase based upon macro trends. new variants and additional waves of the pandemic could create new dynamics and uncertainties around our expectations.
we are confident we have the team, systems, expertise and financial strength to continue to effectively navigate this challenging pandemic landscape.
regulatory trends and uncertainties the united states government, politicians, and healthcare experts continue to discuss and debate various elements of the united states healthcare model. we remain focused on the promise of delivering access to high quality, affordable healthcare to all of our members and believe we are well positioned to meet the needs of the changing healthcare landscape. we have more than three decades of experience, spanning seven presidents from both sides of the aisle, in delivering high-quality healthcare services on behalf of states and the federal government to under-insured and uninsured families, commercial organizations and military families. this expertise has allowed us to deliver cost effective services to our government sponsors and our members. while healthcare experts maintain focus on personalized healthcare technology, we continue to make strategic decisions to accelerate development of new software platforms and analytical capabilities. we continue to believe we have both the capacity and capability to successfully navigate industry changes to the benefit of our members, customers and shareholders.
for additional information regarding regulatory trends and uncertainties, see part i, item 1 "business - regulation" and item 1a, "risk factors."
2021 highlights our financial performance for 2021 is summarized as follows:
year-end managed care membership of 26.6 million, an increase of 1.1 million members, or 4% over 2020.
total revenues of $126.0 billion, representing 13% growth year-over-year.
premium and service revenues of $118.0 billion, representing 14% growth year-over-year.
hbr of 87.8% for 2021, compared to 86.2% for 2020.
sg&a expense ratio of 8.6% for 2021, compared to 9.5% for 2020.
adjusted sg&a expense ratio of 8.4% for 2021, compared to 8.9% for 2020.
diluted eps of $2.28 for 2021, compared to $3.12 for 2020.
adjusted diluted eps of $5.15 for 2021, compared to $5.00 for 2020.
operating cash flows of $4.2 billion, or 3.1 times net earnings, for 2021.
a reconciliation from gaap diluted eps to adjusted diluted eps is highlighted below, and additional detail is provided under the heading "non-gaap financial presentation":
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                                     2020
gaap diluted eps attributable to centene             $2.28                         $3.12
amortization of acquired intangible assets            1.00                          0.95
acquisition related expenses                          0.24                          0.86
other adjustments (1)                                 1.63                          0.07
adjusted diluted eps                                 $5.15                         $5.00
(1) other adjustments include the following items:
2021:
(a) legal settlement expense and related legal fees of $1,264 million, or $1.76 per diluted share, net of an income tax benefit of $0.38;
(b) debt extinguishment costs of $125 million, or $0.16 per diluted share, net of an income tax benefit of $0.05;
(c) severance costs due to a restructuring of $54 million, or $0.06 per diluted share, net of an income tax benefit of $0.03;
(d) a reduction to the previously reported gain due to the finalization of the working capital adjustment related to the divestiture of certain products of our illinois health plan of $62 million, or $0.08 per diluted share, net of an income tax benefit of $0.02;
(e) non-cash gain related to the acquisition of the remaining 60% interest of circle health of $309 million, or $0.52 per diluted share, net of income tax expense of $0.00;
(f) non-cash impairment of our equity method investment in rxadvance of $229 million, or $0.32 per diluted share, net of an income tax benefit of $0.07; and
(g) gain related to the divestiture of u.s. medical management (usmm) of $150 million, or $0.23 per diluted share, net of income tax expense of $0.02.
2020:
(a) debt extinguishment costs of $61 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, net of an income tax benefit of $0.04;
(b) gain related to the divestiture of certain products of our illinois health plan of $104 million, or $0.10 per diluted share, net of income tax expense of $0.08; and
(c) non-cash impairment of $72 million, or $0.10 per diluted share, net of an income tax benefit of $0.02.
the following items contributed to our revenue and membership growth in 2021:
apixio. in december 2020, we acquired apixio inc., a healthcare analytics company offering artificial intelligence technology solutions. with this transaction, we intend to continue to digitize the administration of healthcare and accelerate innovation.
circle health. in july 2021, we acquired the remaining interest in our equity method investment in circle health, one of the u.k.'s largest independent operators of hospitals.
correctional. in july 2021, centurion commenced a contract with the indiana department of corrections. in october 2021, centurion commenced a contract with the idaho department of corrections. in november 2021, centurion commenced a contract with the missouri department of corrections. in july 2020, centurion commenced a two-year contract with the kansas department of administration to provide healthcare services in the department of corrections' facilities. in april 2020, centurion began providing medical services, behavioral healthcare, and substance abuse treatment within four prisons and six community corrections centers across the state of delaware.
hawaii. in july 2021, we began operating under two new statewide contracts in hawaii to continue administering covered services to eligible medicaid and children's health insurance program (chip) members for medically necessary medical, behavioral health, and long-term services and support and to continue administering services through the community care services program in partnership with the hawaii department of human services' med-quest division.
health insurance marketplace. in january 2021, we expanded our offerings in the health insurance marketplace. we expanded our marketplace product, branded ambetter, in nearly 400 new counties across 13 existing states. in addition, ambetter-branded marketplace products are now offered in two new states, new mexico and michigan. centers for medicare and medicaid services (cms) extended the health insurance marketplace special enrollment period until august 15, 2021, which resulted in membership growth.
illinois. in july 2020, meridian health plan of illinois, inc. (meridian) began serving medicaid members in cook county, illinois, as a result of a member transfer agreement under which meridian was assigned 100% of nextlevel health partners, inc.'s approximately 54,000 members who access benefits from the illinois department of healthcare and family services' healthchoice illinois program. in february 2020, we began operating in illinois under the first phase of an expanded contract for the medicaid managed care program. the expanded contract includes children who are in need through the department of children and family services/youth care by illinois department of healthcare and family services and foster care.
north carolina. in july 2021, wellcare of north carolina commenced operations under a new statewide contract in north carolina providing medicaid managed care services. in addition, we also began operating under a new contract to provide medicaid managed care services in three regions in north carolina through our provider-led north carolina joint venture, carolina complete health.
pantherx. in december 2020, we acquired pantherx, one of the largest and fastest-growing specialty pharmacies in the united states specializing in orphan drugs and treating rare diseases.
spain. in september 2021, our spanish subsidiary, ribera salud, acquired the remaining 65% interest in marina salud, s.a., which is public-private partnership in denia.
tricare. in january 2021, we began administering the buckley prime service area pilot in the denver, colorado area, which is a tricare pilot program for value-based payment arrangements not currently an option in the fee-for-service t2017 reimbursement model.
wellcare. on january 23, 2020, we completed the wellcare acquisition. the wellcare acquisition brings a high-quality medicare platform and further extends our robust medicaid offerings. the wellcare acquisition is a key part of our growth as we become one of the nation's largest sponsors of government health coverage.
in addition, revenue growth was significantly driven by medicaid membership increases resulting from the ongoing suspension of eligibility redeterminations as well as medicare membership growth.
the growth items listed above were partially offset by the following items:
effective january 2021, we no longer serve non-risk members under our management services program in maryland.
effective october 2020, we no longer serve members under the correctional contract in mississippi.
in october 2020, cms published medicare star quality ratings for the 2021 rating year. approximately 30% of our medicare members are in a 4.0 star or above plan for the 2022 bonus year compared to 46% for the 2021 bonus year.
in september 2020, our oregon subsidiary, trillium community health plan, began operating under an expanded contract serving as a coordinated care organization for six counties in the state; however, an additional competitor was added to lane county. as a result, our membership decreased.
effective august 2020, we no longer serve members under the military & family life counseling program contract.
effective july 2020, we no longer serve members under the state-wide correctional contract in vermont.
in january 2020, in connection with the wellcare acquisition, we completed the divestiture of certain products in our illinois health plan, including the medicaid and medicare advantage lines of business.
we experienced a decrease in our 2021 health insurance marketplace membership driven primarily by a reduction of members in the state of florida, resulting from price competition in three highly populated counties.
beginning in the second quarter of 2020, we experienced medicaid state premium rate reductions and risk corridor actions as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
we expect the following items to contribute to our future results of operations:
we expect to realize the benefit in 2022 of acquisitions, investments, and business commenced during 2021, as discussed above.
in february 2022, our louisiana subsidiary, louisiana healthcare connections was awarded a medicaid contract by the louisiana department of health to continue administering quality, integrated healthcare services to members across the state. the contract is expected to commence in july 2022.
in january 2022, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of magellan for a total purchase price of approximately $2.6 billion. the magellan acquisition enables us to provide whole-health, integrated healthcare solutions to deliver better health outcomes at lower costs for complex, high-cost populations.
in january 2022, our nevada subsidiary, silversummit healthplan, inc., commenced the contract awarded from the nevada department of health and human services - health care financing and policy to continue providing managed care services for its medicaid managed care program in both clark and washoe counties.
in december 2021, we converted our equity method investment in rxadvance, a pharmacy benefit manager, into a secured note receivable. this conversion was consistent with our focus on the simplification of our pharmacy operations.
in october 2021, cms published updated medicare star quality ratings for the 2022 rating year. over 50% of our medicare members are in a 4.0 star or above plan for the 2023 bonus year, compared to approximately 30% for the 2022 bonus year. this increase in star quality ratings is primarily due to certain disaster relief provisions, which we do not expect to be applicable in future years. as a result, we expect to experience a meaningful decrease to our star ratings for the 2023 star rating year, which impacts the 2024 bonus year, followed by a subsequent increase to our star ratings for the 2024 star rating year, which impacts the 2025 bonus year.
in october 2021, we announced the expansion of our medicare advantage offerings for 2022. our medicare plans expect to operate in 1,575 counties across 36 states in 2022, a 26% increase in counties and three new states compared to 2021.
in august 2021, we announced that our north carolina subsidiaries, carolina complete health and wellcare of north carolina, will coordinate physical and/or other health services with local management entities/managed care organizations under the state's new tailored plans. the tailored plans, which are expected to launch in december 2022, are integrated health plans designed for individuals with significant behavioral health needs and intellectual/developmental disabilities.
in august 2021, our ohio subsidiary, buckeye health plan, was awarded a medicaid contract by the ohio department of medicaid to continue servicing members with quality healthcare, coordinated services, and benefits. the contract is expected to commence in july 2022.
we expect medicaid eligibility redeterminations to begin in 2022.
the anticipated and previously disclosed carve out of california pharmacy services in january 2022 in connection with the state's transition of pharmacy services from managed care to fee for service.
the anticipated carve out of ohio pharmacy services in july 2022 in connection with the state's transition of pharmacy services from managed care to a single pharmacy benefit manager.
potential medicaid state rate actions and risk corridor mechanisms as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
in addition, in december 2021, we sold a majority stake in usmm, our physician home health business. we believe this best positions usmm to expand its reach and impact while helping to deliver on our value creation plan.
membership from december 31, 2020 to december 31, 2021, we increased our managed care membership by 1.1 million, or 4%. the following table sets forth our membership by line of business:
december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2020
traditional medicaid (1)                                                               13,328,400                                                                                                              12,055,400
high acuity medicaid (2)                                                                1,686,100                                                                                                               1,554,700
total medicaid                                                                         15,014,500                                                                                                              13,610,100
commercial                                                                              2,602,600                                                                                                               2,633,600
medicare (3)                                                                            1,252,200                                                                                                                 955,400
medicare pdp                                                                            4,070,500                                                                                                               4,469,400
international                                                                             597,600                                                                                                                 597,700
correctional                                                                              194,500                                                                                                                 147,200
total at-risk membership                                                               23,731,900                                                                                                              22,413,400
tricare eligibles                                                                       2,874,700                                                                                                               2,877,900
non-risk membership                                                                         4,000                                                                                                                 231,600
total                                                                                  26,610,600                                                                                                              25,522,900
(1) membership includes tanf, medicaid expansion, chip, foster care and behavioral health.(2) membership includes abd, idd, ltss and mmp duals.(3) membership includes medicare advantage and medicare supplement.
the following table sets forth additional membership statistics, which are included in the membership information above:
december 31,
2021                                                                                                          2020
dual-eligible (4)                                  1,178,000                                    1,066,800
health insurance marketplace                       2,140,500                                    2,131,600
medicaid expansion                                 2,468,100                                    2,181,400
(4) membership that is eligible for both medicaid and medicare benefits.
results of operations the following discussion and analysis is based on our consolidated statements of operations, which reflect our results of operations for years ended december 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ($ in millions, except per share data in dollars):
2021                                                                                                              2020                  % change 2020-2021
premium                                                                          $112,319                  $100,055                            12        %
service                                                                             5,664                     3,745                            51        %
premium and service revenues                                                      117,983                   103,800                            14        %
premium tax and health insurer fee                                                  7,999                     7,315                             9        %
total revenues                                                                    125,982                   111,115                            13        %
medical costs                                                                      98,602                    86,264                            14        %
cost of services                                                                    4,894                     3,303                            48        %
selling, general and administrative expenses                                       10,166                     9,867                             3        %
amortization of acquired intangible assets                                            770                       719                             7        %
premium tax expense                                                                 8,287                     6,332                            31        %
health insurer fee expense                                                              -                     1,476                                   n.m.
goodwill and intangible impairment                                                    229                        72                           218        %
legal settlement                                                                    1,250                         -                                   n.m.
earnings from operations                                                            1,784                     3,082                          (42)        %
other income (expense):
investment and other income                                                           819                       480                            71        %
debt extinguishment costs                                                           (125)                      (61)                           105        %
interest expense                                                                    (665)                     (728)                           (9)        %
earnings before income tax expense                                                  1,813                     2,773                          (35)        %
income tax expense                                                                    477                       979                          (51)        %
net earnings                                                                        1,336                     1,794                          (26)        %
loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                                          11                        14                          (21)        %
net earnings attributable to centene corporation                                   $1,347                    $1,808                          (25)        %
diluted earnings per common share attributable to centene corporation:              $2.28                     $3.12                          (27)        %
n.m.: not meaningful year ended december 31, 2021 compared to year ended december 31, 2020
total revenues the following table sets forth supplemental revenue information for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
2021                                                                         2020                              % change 2020-2021
medicaid                 $84,139                                   $74,785                                            13        %
commercial                16,956                                    17,071                                           (1)        %
medicare (1)              17,512                                    14,379                                            22        %
other                      7,375                                     4,880                                            51        %
total revenues          $125,982                                  $111,115                                            13        %
(1) medicare includes medicare advantage, medicare supplement and medicare pdp.
total revenues increased 13% in the year ended december 31, 2021, over the corresponding period in 2020, primarily due to medicaid membership growth resulting from the ongoing suspension of eligibility redeterminations, membership growth in the medicare business, our acquisitions of pantherx and circle health in 2021 and the commencement of our contracts in north carolina, partially offset by the repeal of the health insurer fee. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, we received premium rate adjustments which yielded approximately a net 2.5% composite increase across all of our markets.
operating expenses medical costs the hbr for the year ended december 31, 2021 was 87.8%, an increase of 160 basis points over the comparable period in 2020. the hbr for 2021 was negatively impacted by higher traditional medical utilization in the marketplace business, higher testing and treatment costs associated with covid-19, and the repeal of the health insurer fee. the hbr in 2020 was favorably impacted by the aca risk corridor receivable settlement from the federal government based on the supreme court ruling in 2020.
cost of services cost of services increased by $1.6 billion in the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the corresponding period in 2020, primarily attributable to the acquisitions of pantherx and circle health, which was partially offset by the expiration of the pharmacy contract with our previously divested illinois health plan.
the cost of service ratio for the year ended december 31, 2021 was 86.4%, compared to 88.2% in 2020. the decrease in the cost of service ratio was driven by the acquisition of the circle health business, which operates at a lower cost of service ratio.
selling, general & administrative expenses the sg&a expense ratio was 8.6% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to 9.5% for the year ended december 31, 2020. the adjusted sg&a expense ratio was 8.4% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to 8.9% for the year ended december 31, 2020. the sg&a ratios in 2021 benefited from leveraging of expenses over higher revenues as a result of increased membership and the acquisition of pantherx, partially offset by addition of the circle health business, which operates at a significantly higher sg&a ratio due to the nature of the business. the sg&a expense ratio in 2021 also benefited from lower acquisition related costs. the sg&a expense ratios in 2020 were negatively impacted by the $275 million charitable contribution to our foundation.
health insurer fee expense as a result of the repeal of the health insurer fee, we did not have health insurer fee expense for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, compared to $1.5 billion in the corresponding period in 2020.
impairment during the third quarter of 2021, we recorded a $229 million non-cash impairment of our equity method investment in rxadvance, a pharmacy benefit manager. the impairment was the result of our focus on simplification of our pharmacy operations. specifically, during the third quarter, we made a strategic decision to transition from using the rxadvance platform and consolidate our business on an alternative external platform. during the fourth quarter of 2021, we converted our equity method investment in rxadvance into a secured note receivable. during the first quarter of 2020, we recorded $72 million of non-cash impairment of our third-party care management software business.
legal settlement during the second quarter of 2021, we recorded a legal settlement reserve of $1.25 billion (inclusive of the nine states with which we have reached no-fault agreements) related to services provided by envolve, our pharmacy benefits manager subsidiary, essentially during 2017 and 2018.
other income (expense)
the following table summarizes the components of other income (expense) for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
2021                                             2020
investment and other income            $819                    $480
debt extinguishment costs             (125)                    (61)
interest expense                      (665)                   (728)
other income (expense), net             $29                  $(309)
investment and other income. investment and other income increased by $339 million for year ended december 31, 2021 compared to 2020. the increase in investment income in 2021 was due to a gain related to the acquisition of the remaining 60% interest of circle health of $309 million and a gain related to the divestiture of usmm of $150 million, partially offset by a $62 million reduction related to the gain due to the finalization of the working capital adjustment related to the divestiture of certain products of our illinois health plan recorded for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the previously reported $104 million gain recorded in the year-ended 2020. the increase was also partially offset by lower interest rates.
debt extinguishment costs. in august 2021, we redeemed all of our outstanding 5.375% senior notes due 2026 and all of wellcare health plans, inc.'s outstanding 5.375% senior notes due 2026, including all premiums, accrued interest and costs and expenses related and recognized a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of approximately $79 million. the loss includes the call premium and the write-off of the unamortized premium and debt issuance costs, and expenses related to the redemption.
in february 2021, we tendered or redeemed all of our outstanding $2.2 billion 4.75% senior notes, due 2025 and recognized a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of approximately $46 million. the loss includes the call premium and the write-off of unamortized premium and debt issuance costs.
in october 2020, we redeemed all of the $1.0 billion 4.75% senior notes due 2022 (the 2022 notes) and the $1.2 billion 5.25% senior notes due 2025 (the 2025 notes). we recognized a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of $17 million on the redemption of the 2022 notes and the 2025 notes in the fourth quarter of 2020, including the call premiums and write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs.
in february 2020, we redeemed all of our outstanding $1.0 billion 6.125% senior notes, due february 15, 2024 (the 2024 notes) and recognized a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of $44 million. the loss includes the call premium, the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and the loss on the termination of the $1.0 billion interest rate swap associated with the 2024 notes.
interest expense. interest expense decreased by $63 million in the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the corresponding period in 2020. the decrease was driven by our senior note refinancing actions.
income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2021, we recorded income tax expense of $477 million on pre-tax earnings of $1.8 billion, or an effective tax rate of 26.3%. the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2021 reflects the repeal of the health insurer fee, the non-taxable gain related to the acquisition of the remaining 60% interest in circle health, the partial non-deductibility of the legal settlement reserve, and the gain on the sale of our majority stake in usmm. for the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded income tax expense of $979 million on pre-tax earnings of $2.8 billion, or an effective tax rate of 35.3%, which reflects the tax impact associated with the illinois divestiture and the reinstatement of the health insurer fee in 2020, partially offset by a favorable tax settlement.
segment results the following table summarizes our consolidated operating results by segment for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
2021                                                                 2020                   % change
2020-2021
total revenues managed care                        $120,125                  $106,867                      12     %
specialty services                    18,652                    14,994                      24     %
eliminations                        (12,795)                  (10,746)                          n.m.
consolidated total                  $125,982                  $111,115                      13     %
earnings from operations managed care                          $1,789                    $3,031                    (41)     %
specialty services                       (5)                        51                   (110)     %
consolidated total                    $1,784                    $3,082                    (42)     %
n.m.: not meaningful managed care total revenues increased 12% in the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the corresponding period in 2020, primarily due to medicaid membership growth resulting from the ongoing suspension of eligibility redeterminations, membership growth in the medicare business, our recent acquisition of circle health and the commencement of our contracts in north carolina, partially offset by the repeal of the health insurer fee. earnings from operations decreased $1.2 billion between years primarily due to a legal settlement reserve of $1.25 billion related to services provided by envolve, higher utilization in the marketplace business in 2021, the repeal of the health insurer fee in 2021 and an unfavorable 2020 risk adjustment in 2021. these decreases were partially offset by lower acquisition related expenses and a full twelve months of wellcare results.
specialty services total revenues increased 24% in the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the corresponding period in 2020, resulting primarily from newly acquired businesses, including pantherx, increased services associated with membership growth in the managed care segment and newly awarded contracts in our correctional business. these increases were partially offset by the expiration of the pharmacy contract with our previously divested illinois health plan. earnings from operations decreased $56 million between years. the decline in earnings from operations was negatively affected by the previously discussed impairment of our equity method investment in rxadvance, a pharmacy benefits manager, partially offset by favorable results related to the shared savings programs in our physician home health business. earnings from operations in 2020 was negatively affected by the previously discussed $72 million impairment related to our third-party care management software business.
liquidity and capital resources shown below is a condensed schedule of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, used in the discussion of liquidity and capital resources ($ in millions).
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                            2020
net cash provided by operating activities                                              $4,205                            $5,503
net cash used in investing activities                                                 (3,299)                           (6,955)
net cash provided by financing activities                                               1,362                               260
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                             (11)                                18
net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and equivalents            $2,257                          $(1,174)
cash flows provided by operating activities normal operations are funded primarily through operating cash flows and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. in 2021, operating activities provided cash of $4.2 billion, or 3.1 times net earnings, compared to $5.5 billion in 2020. cash flow provided by operations in 2021 was due to net earnings before the legal settlement reserve, the majority of which is expected to be paid in future periods, an increase in state risk sharing payables, partially offset by risk adjustment and minimum mlr payments for the health insurance marketplace 2020 plan year.
cash flows provided by operations in 2020 was primarily due to net earnings, an increase in medical claims liabilities from growth and expansions, and an increase in other long-term liabilities related to minimum mlr payables and a delay in employer payroll tax payments related to the covid-19 extensions to payment deadlines.
cash flows used in investing activities investing activities used cash of $3.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021 and $7.0 billion in 2020. cash flows used in investing activities in 2021 consisted of the net additions to the investment portfolio of our regulated subsidiaries (including transfers from cash and cash equivalents to long-term investments), capital expenditures, and acquisition and divestiture activity primarily related to the acquisition of the remaining 60% interest of circle health for $705 million, offset by proceeds received related to the sale of our majority interest in usmm.
we spent $910 million and $869 million in the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, on capital expenditures for system enhancements, market growth, and corporate headquarters expansions.
as of december 31, 2021, our investment portfolio consisted primarily of fixed-income securities with a weighted average duration of 3.6 years. we had unregulated cash and investments of $3.4 billion at december 31, 2021, including $538 million in our international subsidiaries, compared to $1.9 billion at december 31, 2020. unregulated cash and investments include private equity investments and company owned life insurance contracts.
cash flows used in investing activities in 2020 were driven by our acquisitions of wellcare, pantherx and apixio, partially offset by divestiture proceeds. cash flows used in investing activities in 2020 also consisted of net additions to the investment portfolio of our regulated subsidiaries (including transfers from cash and cash equivalents to long-term investments) and capital expenditures.
cash flows provided by financing activities our financing activities provided cash of $1.4 billion in 2021, compared to $260 million in 2020. during 2021, our net financing activities were primarily related to the issuance of $1.8 billion 2.45% senior notes due 2028 (the 2028 notes) to fund a portion of cash consideration for the magellan acquisition, which closed in january 2022, and a $750 million increase to our unsecured term loan facility. this was partially offset by the repayment and refinancing of senior notes, resulting in a net decrease in debt of $800 million, along with common stock repurchases, including the repurchase of $200 million of common stock through our stock repurchase program.
during 2020, our net financing activities were primarily driven by net proceeds from the issuance and refinancing of senior notes resulting in a net increase in senior debt of $1.0 billion, offset by common stock repurchases, including the repurchase of $500 million of common stock through our stock repurchase program.
liquidity metrics the credit agreement underlying our revolving credit facility and term loan facility contains customary covenants as well as financial covenants, including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum debt-to-ebitda ratio. our maximum debt-to-ebitda ratio under the credit agreement may not exceed 4.0 to 1.0. as of december 31, 2021, we had $149 million of borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility, $2.2 billion of borrowings outstanding under our term loan facility, and we were in compliance with all covenants. as of december 31, 2021, there were no limitations on the availability of our revolving credit facility as a result of the debt-to-ebitda ratio.
in october 2017, we executed a $200 million non-recourse construction loan to fund the expansion of our corporate headquarters. until the final completion of the project, which occurred in july 2021, the loan bore interest based on the one month libor plus 2.70%, which reduced to libor plus 2.00% at the time construction completed. the agreement contains financial and non-financial covenants similar to those contained in our credit facility. we guaranteed completion of the construction project associated with the loan. in april 2021, we finalized the one year extension of the construction loan maturing in april 2022. as of december 31, 2021, we had $184 million in borrowings outstanding under the loan, which is included in the current portion of long-term debt.
we had outstanding letters of credit of $128 million as of december 31, 2021, which were not part of our revolving credit facility. the letters of credit bore weighted interest of 0.6% as of december 31, 2021. in addition, we had outstanding surety bonds of $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2021.
the indentures governing our various maturities of senior notes contain limited restrictive covenants. as of december 31, 2021, we were in compliance with all covenants.
at december 31, 2021, we had working capital, defined as current assets less current liabilities, of $2.7 billion, compared to $1.8 billion at december 31, 2020. unregulated cash was substantially reduced in january 2022 upon the closing of the magellan acquisition for the purchase price payment and corresponding closing costs. we manage our short-term and long-term investments with the goal of ensuring that a sufficient portion is held in investments that are highly liquid and can be sold to fund short-term requirements as needed.
at december 31, 2021, our debt to capital ratio, defined as total debt divided by the sum of total debt and total equity, was 41.2%, compared to 39.3% at december 31, 2020. excluding $184 million of non-recourse debt, our debt to capital ratio was 40.9% as of december 31, 2021, compared to 39.0% at december 31, 2020. we utilize the debt to capital ratio as a measure, among others, of our leverage and financial flexibility.
we have a stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase common stock from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. we have $800 million remaining under the program for repurchases as of december 31, 2021. no duration has been placed on the repurchase program. we reserve the right to discontinue the repurchase program at any time. in 2021, we used proceeds from the divestiture of usmm to repurchase 2.4 million shares of centene common stock for $200 million through our stock repurchase program. in 2020 we used proceeds from divestitures to repurchase 8.7 million shares of centene common stock for $500 million through our stock repurchase program.
during the year ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, we received dividends of $2.5 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively, from our regulated subsidiaries.
2022 expectations during 2022, we expect to receive net dividends of approximately $1.1 billion from our regulated subsidiaries and expect to spend approximately $1.1 billion in capital expenditures primarily associated with system enhancements and the completion of our offices in charlotte, north carolina. in february 2021, our board of directors approved an increase in our existing share repurchase program for our common stock. with the increase, we are authorized to repurchase up to $1.0 billion of shares of our common stock, inclusive of the previously approved stock repurchase program. we have $800 million remaining under the program for repurchases as of december 31, 2021. no duration has been placed on the repurchase program.
on january 4, 2022, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of magellan health. total consideration for the acquisition was approximately $2.6 billion, consisting of $2.5 billion in cash ($95.00 per share) and an estimated $67 million related to the fair value replacement equity awards associated with pre-combination service. in january 2022, we paid off magellan's debt of $535 million acquired in the transaction using magellan's cash on hand.
we have material debt, lease, contingencies and short-term medical claims obligations. refer to note 10. debt, note 11. leases, note 18. contingencies and note 8. medical claims liability, respectively, for further information. in addition, we have material commitments as a result of our fidelis care acquisition. refer to note 17. commitments for detail.
based on our operating plan, we expect that our available cash, cash equivalents and investments, cash from our operations and cash available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to finance our general operations and capital expenditures for at least 12 months from the date of this filing. while we are currently in a strong liquidity position and believe we have adequate access to capital, we may elect to increase borrowings on our revolving credit facility. in addition, from time to time we may elect to raise additional funds for these and other purposes, either through issuance of debt or equity, the sale of investment securities or otherwise, as appropriate. in addition, we may strategically pursue refinancing or redemption opportunities to extend maturities and/or improve terms of our indebtedness if we believe such opportunities are favorable to us.
we intend to continue to evaluate strategic actions in connection with our value creation plan, targeting initiatives to improve productivity, efficiencies and reduced organizational costs, as well as capital deployment activities, including share repurchases, portfolio optimization and the evaluation of refinancing opportunities.
regulatory capital and dividend restrictions our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. as managed care organizations, most of our subsidiaries are subject to state regulations and other requirements that, among other things, require the maintenance of minimum levels of statutory capital, as defined by each state, and restrict the timing, payment and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to us. generally, the amount of dividend distributions that may be paid by a regulated subsidiary without prior approval by state regulatory authorities is limited based on the entity's level of statutory net income and statutory capital and surplus.
as of december 31, 2021, our subsidiaries had aggregate statutory capital and surplus of $14.0 billion, compared with the required minimum aggregate statutory capital and surplus requirements of $6.7 billion. during the year ended december 31, 2021, we received $1.5 billion of net dividends from our regulated subsidiaries. for our subsidiaries that file with the national association of insurance commissioners (naic), we estimate our risk based capital (rbc) percentage to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level.
under the california knox-keene health care service plan act of 1975, as amended (knox-keene), certain of our california subsidiaries must comply with tangible net equity (tne) requirements. under these knox-keene tne requirements, actual net worth less unsecured receivables and intangible assets must be more than the greater of (i) a fixed minimum amount, (ii) a minimum amount based on premiums or (iii) a minimum amount based on healthcare expenditures, excluding capitated amounts.
under the new york state department of health codes, rules and regulations title 10, part 98, our new york subsidiary must comply with contingent reserve requirements. under these requirements, net worth based upon admitted assets must equal or exceed a minimum amount based on annual net premium income.
the naic has adopted rules which set minimum risk-based capital requirements for insurance companies, managed care organizations and other entities bearing risk for healthcare coverage. as of december 31, 2021, each of our health plans was in compliance with the risk-based capital requirements enacted in those states.
as a result of the above requirements and other regulatory requirements, certain of our subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to make dividend payments, loans or other transfers of cash to their parent companies. such restrictions, unless amended or waived or unless regulatory approval is granted, limit the use of any cash generated by these subsidiaries to pay our obligations. the maximum amount of dividends that can be paid by our insurance company subsidiaries without prior approval of the applicable state insurance departments is subject to restrictions relating to statutory surplus, statutory income and unassigned surplus. as of december 31, 2021, the amount of capital and surplus or net worth that was unavailable for the payment of dividends or return of capital to us was $6.7 billion in the aggregate.
recent accounting pronouncements for this information, refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, included herein.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 2. summary of significant accounting policies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. our accounting policies regarding intangible assets, medical claims liability and revenue recognition are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by our management. as a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. we have reviewed these critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the audit committee of our board of directors.
goodwill and intangible assets we have made several acquisitions that have resulted in our recording of intangible assets. these intangible assets primarily consist of purchased contract rights and customer relationships, provider contracts, trade names, developed technologies, and goodwill. key assumptions used in the valuation of these intangible assets include, but are not limited to, member attrition rates, contract renewal probabilities, revenue growth rates, expectations of profitability, and discount and royalty rates. we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the acquisition date. the excess of the fair value of consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. goodwill is generally attributable to the value of the synergies between the combined companies and the value of the acquired assembled workforce, neither of which qualifies for recognition as an intangible asset. at december 31, 2021, we had $19.8 billion of goodwill and $7.8 billion of other intangible assets.
intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the following periods:
intangible asset                                                 amortization period purchased contract rights and customer relationships                    3 - 21 years provider contracts                                                      4 - 15 years trade names                                                             7 - 20 years developed technologies                                                   2 - 7 years our management evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred that may affect the estimated useful life or the recoverability of the remaining balance of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. if the events or circumstances indicate that the remaining balance of the intangible asset or goodwill may be impaired, the potential impairment will be measured based upon the difference between the carrying amount of the intangible asset or goodwill and the fair value of such asset. our management must make assumptions and estimates, such as the discount factor, future utility and other internal and external factors, in determining the estimated fair values. while we believe these assumptions and estimates are appropriate, other assumptions and estimates could be applied and might produce significantly different results.
goodwill is reviewed annually during the fourth quarter for impairment. in addition, an impairment analysis of intangible assets would be performed based on other factors. these factors include significant changes in membership, financial performance, state funding, medical contracts and provider networks and contracts.
if a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an entity will record an impairment charge based on that difference. the impairment charge will be limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. we first assess qualitative factors to determine if a quantitative impairment test is necessary. we generally do not calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless we determine, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. however, in certain circumstances, such as recent acquisitions, we may elect to perform a quantitative assessment without first assessing qualitative factors.
we do not believe any of our reporting units are currently at risk for impairment. however, as part of our value creation plan, we are completing a portfolio review and may identify changes in strategic focus, which could result in future impairments of goodwill or intangibles based on market indicators at that time.
medical claims liability our medical claims liability includes claims reported but not yet paid, or inventory, estimates for claims incurred but not reported, or ibnr, and estimates for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period. we estimate our medical claims liability using actuarial methods that are commonly used by health insurance actuaries and meet actuarial standards of practice. these actuarial methods consider factors such as historical data for payment patterns, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, utilization of healthcare services and other relevant factors.
actuarial standards of practice generally require that the medical claims liability estimates be adequate to cover obligations under moderately adverse conditions. moderately adverse conditions are situations in which the actual claims are expected to be higher than the otherwise estimated value of such claims at the time of estimate. the claims amounts ultimately settled will most likely be different than the estimate that satisfies the actuarial standards of practice. we include in our ibnr an estimate for medical claims liability under moderately adverse conditions which represents the risk of adverse deviation of the estimates in our actuarial method of reserving.
we use our judgment to determine the assumptions to be used in the calculation of the required estimates. the assumptions we consider when estimating ibnr include, without limitation, claims receipt and payment experience (and variations in that experience), changes in membership, provider billing practices, healthcare service utilization trends, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, prior authorization of medical services, benefit changes, known outbreaks of disease or increased incidence of illness such as influenza, provider contract changes, changes to fee schedules, and the incidence of high dollar or catastrophic claims.
we apply various estimation methods depending on the claim type and the period for which claims are being estimated. for more recent periods, incurred non-inpatient claims are estimated based on historical per member per month claims experience adjusted for known factors. incurred hospital inpatient claims are estimated based on known inpatient utilization data and prior claims experience adjusted for known factors. for older periods, we utilize an estimated completion factor based on our historical experience to develop ibnr estimates. the completion factor is an actuarial estimate of the percentage of claims that have been received or adjudicated as of the end of a reporting period relative to the estimate of the total ultimate incurred costs for that same period. when we commence operations in a new state or region, we have limited information with which to estimate our medical claims liability. see "risk factors - failure to accurately estimate and price our medical expenses or effectively manage our medical costs or related administrative costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows." these approaches are consistently applied to each period presented.
additionally, we contract with independent actuaries to review our estimates on a quarterly basis. the independent actuaries provide us with a review letter that includes the results of their analysis of our medical claims liability. we do not solely rely on their report to adjust our claims liability. we utilize their calculation of our claims liability only as additional information, together with management's judgment, to determine the assumptions to be used in the calculation of our liability for claims.
our development of the medical claims liability estimate is a continuous process which we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as additional claims receipts and payment information becomes available. as more complete claims information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimates, and include the changes in estimates in medical costs in the period in which the changes are identified. in every reporting period, our operating results include the effects of more completely developed medical claims liability estimates associated with previously reported periods. we consistently apply our reserving methodology from period to period. as additional information becomes known to us, we adjust our actuarial models accordingly to establish medical claims liability estimates.
the paid and received completion factors, claims per member per month and per diem cost trend factors are the most significant factors affecting the ibnr estimate. the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our operating results caused by changes in these factors based on december 31, 2021 data:
completion factors: (1)                                                                                     cost trend factors: (2)
(decrease)                                              increase                                            (decrease)                                              increase increase                                         (decrease) in                                              increase                                         (decrease) in in factors                                        medical claims                                            in factors                                        medical claims liabilities                                                                                                 liabilities
(in millions)                                                                                               (in millions)
(1.00)        %                                         $718                                                (1.00)        %                                       $(188)
(0.75)                                                   537                                                (0.75)                                                 (141)
(0.50)                                                   357                                                (0.50)                                                  (94)
(0.25)                                                   178                                                (0.25)                                                  (47)
0.25                                                 (177)                                                  0.25                                                    47
0.50                                                 (354)                                                  0.50                                                    94
0.75                                                 (529)                                                  0.75                                                   141
1.00                                                 (703)                                                  1.00                                                   188
(1) reflects estimated potential changes in medical claims liability caused by changes in completion factors.
(2) reflects estimated potential changes in medical claims liability caused by changes in cost trend factors for the most recent periods.
while we believe our estimates are appropriate, it is possible future events could require us to make significant adjustments for revisions to these estimates. for example, a 1% increase or decrease in our estimated medical claims liability would have affected net earnings by $105 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, excluding the effect of any return of premium, risk corridor, or minimum mlr programs. the estimates are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of trends in the industry, information provided by our providers and information available from other outside sources.
the change in medical claims liability is summarized as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                     2020                                                                    2019
balance, january 1,                               $12,438                                                                  $7,473                                                                  $6,831
less: reinsurance recoverable                          23                                                                      20                                                                      27
balance, january 1, net                            12,415                                                                   7,453                                                                   6,804
acquisitions                                            -                                                                   3,856                                                                      59
incurred related to:
current year                                      100,385                                                                  86,765                                                                  59,539
prior years                                       (1,783)                                                                   (501)                                                                   (677)
total incurred                                     98,602                                                                  86,264                                                                  58,862
paid related to:
current year                                       87,427                                                                  78,838                                                                  52,453
prior years                                         9,370                                                                   6,320                                                                   5,819
total paid                                         96,797                                                                  85,158                                                                  58,272
balance, december 31, net                          14,220                                                                  12,415                                                                   7,453
plus: reinsurance recoverable                          23                                                                      23                                                                      20
balance, december 31,                             $14,243                                                                 $12,438                                                                  $7,473
days in claims payable (1)                             52                                                                      51                                                                      45
(1) days in claims payable is a calculation of medical claims liability at the end of the period divided by average expense per calendar day for the fourth quarter of each year.
medical claims are usually paid within a few months of the member receiving service from the physician or other healthcare provider. as a result, the liability generally is described as having a "short-tail," which causes less than 5% of our medical claims liability as of the end of any given year to be outstanding the following year. we believe that substantially all the development of the estimate of medical claims liability as of december 31, 2021 will be known by the end of 2022.
changes in estimates of incurred claims for prior years are primarily attributable to reserving under moderately adverse conditions. additionally, as a result of minimum hbr and other return of premium programs, approximately $492 million, $86 million and $49 million of the "incurred related to: prior years" was recorded as a reduction to premium revenues in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. further, claims processing initiatives yielded increased claim payment recoveries and coordination of benefits related to prior year dates of service. changes in medical utilization and cost trends and the effect of population health management initiatives may also contribute to changes in medical claim liability estimates. while we have evidence that population health management initiatives are effective on a case by case basis, these initiatives primarily focus on events and behaviors prior to the incurrence of the medical event and generation of a claim. accordingly, any change in behavior, leveling of care, or coordination of treatment occurs prior to claim generation and as a result, the costs prior to the population health management initiative are not known by us. additionally, certain population health management initiatives are focused on member and provider education with the intent of influencing behavior to appropriately align the medical services provided with the member's acuity. in these cases, determining whether the population health management initiative changed the behavior cannot be determined. because of the complexity of our business, the number of states in which we operate, and the volume of claims that we process, we are unable to practically quantify the impact of these initiatives on our changes in estimates of ibnr.
the following are examples of population health management initiatives that may have contributed to the favorable development through lower medical utilization and cost trends:
appropriate leveling of care for neonatal intensive care unit hospital admissions, other inpatient hospital admissions, and observation admissions, in accordance with interqual or other evidence based criteria or clinical policy.
management of our pre-authorization list, monitoring for over utilized services, and stringent review of durable medical equipment and injectables.
emergency department program designed to collaboratively work with hospitals and members to steer non-emergent care to a more appropriate and cost effective setting (through patient education, on-site alternative urgent care settings, etc.).
increased emphasis on care management and clinical rounding where nurse or social worker care managers assist selected high risk members with the coordination of healthcare services in order to meet a patient's specific healthcare needs.
incorporation of disease management which is a comprehensive, multidisciplinary, collaborative approach to chronic illnesses such as asthma.
prenatal and infant health programs utilized such as our start smart for your baby program.
revenue recognition our health plans generate revenues primarily from premiums received from the states in which we operate health plans, premiums received from our members and cms for our medicare product, and premiums from members of our commercial health plans. in addition to member premium payments, our marketplace contracts also generate revenues from subsidies received from cms. we generally receive a fixed premium per member per month pursuant to our contracts and recognize premium revenues during the period in which we are obligated to provide services to our members at the amount reasonably estimable. in some instances, our base premiums are subject to an adjustment, or risk score, based on the acuity of our membership. generally, the risk score is determined by the state or cms analyzing submissions of processed claims data to determine the acuity of our membership relative to the entire state's membership. we estimate the amount of risk adjustment based upon the processed claims data submitted and expected to be submitted to cms and record revenues on a risk adjusted basis. some contracts allow for additional premiums related to certain supplemental services provided such as maternity deliveries.
our contracts with states may require us to maintain a minimum hbr or may require us to share profits in excess of certain levels. in certain circumstances, including commercial plans, our plans may be required to return premium to the state or policyholders in the event profits exceed established levels. we estimate the effect of these programs and recognize reductions in revenue in the current period. other states may require us to meet certain performance and quality metrics in order to receive additional or full contractual revenue. for performance-based contracts, we do not recognize revenue subject to refund until data is sufficient to measure performance.
revenues are recorded based on membership and eligibility data provided by the states or cms, which is adjusted on a monthly basis by the states or cms for retroactive additions or deletions to membership data. these eligibility adjustments are estimated monthly and subsequent adjustments are made in the period known. we continuously review and update those estimates as new information becomes available. it is possible that new information could require us to make additional adjustments, which could be significant, to these estimates.
our medicare advantage contracts are with cms. cms deploys a risk adjustment model which apportions premiums paid to all health plans according to health severity and certain demographic factors. the cms risk adjustment model pays more for members whose medical history would indicate that they are expected to have higher medical costs. under this risk adjustment methodology, cms calculates the risk adjusted premium payment using diagnosis data from hospital inpatient, hospital outpatient, physician treatment settings as well as prescription drug events. we and the healthcare providers collect, compile and submit the necessary and available diagnosis data to cms within prescribed deadlines. we estimate risk adjustment revenues based upon the diagnosis data submitted and expected to be submitted to cms and record revenues on a risk adjusted basis.
for qualifying low income pdp members, cms pays for some, or all, of the member's monthly premium. we receive certain part d prospective subsidy payments from cms for our pdp members as a fixed monthly per member amount, based on the estimated costs of providing prescription drug benefits over the plan year, as reflected in our bids. approximately nine to ten months subsequent to the end of the plan year, or later in the case of the coverage gap discount subsidy, a settlement payment is made between cms and our plans based on the difference between the prospective payments and actual claims experience.
our specialty services generate revenues under contracts with state and federal programs, healthcare organizations and other commercial organizations, as well as from our own subsidiaries. revenues are recognized when the related services are provided or as ratably earned over the covered period of services. for performance-based measures in our contracts, revenue is recognized as data sufficient to measure performance is available. we recognize revenue related to administrative services under the tricare government-sponsored managed care support contract for the dod's tricare program on a straight-line basis over the option period, when the fees become fixed and determinable. the tricare contract includes various performance-based measures. for each of the measures, an estimate of the amount that has been earned is made at each interim date, and revenue is recognized accordingly.
some states enact premium taxes, similar assessments and provider pass-through payments, collectively premium taxes, and these taxes are recorded as a separate component of both revenues and operating expenses. additionally, our insurance subsidiaries are subject to the affordable care act annual hif. the aca imposed the hif in 2014, 2015, 2016, 2018 and 2020. the hif was suspended in 2017 and 2019. beginning in 2021, the hif was permanently repealed. if we are able to negotiate reimbursement of portions of these premium taxes or the hif, we recognize revenue associated with the hif on a straight-line basis when we have binding agreements for such reimbursements, including the "gross-up" to reflect the hifs non-tax deductible nature. collectively, this revenue is recorded as premium tax and health insurer fee revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. for certain products, premium taxes, state assessments and the hif are not pass-through payments and are recorded as premium revenue and premium tax expense or health insurer fee expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
some states require state directed payments that have minimal risk, but are administered as a premium adjustment. these payments are recorded as premium revenue and medical costs at close to a 100% hbr. we have little visibility to the timing of these payments until they are paid by the state.
