item 1a.    risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks described below and all of the other information in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating us. our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. the trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks. this annual report on form 10-k also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements," which immediately follows the risks below.
summary the following is a summary of the most important risks that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations, and should be read together with the more detailed description of risks that follow:
•the covid-19 pandemic: the pandemic has reshaped the economy and consumer behavior at a previously unimaginable pace and has brought with it or magnified a host of widespread and systemic risks that have and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business.
•economic and regulatory: as a consumer financial services and payment services company, we are subject to risks stemming from new laws and regulations and an uncertain economic environment.
•strategic: we must successfully compete against firms that are larger than us and have more resources than us as well as firms that are smaller and potentially disruptive to our industry as we manage the unique risks associated with each of our product offerings.
•credit, market and liquidity: we must effectively manage our desire to grow our loan portfolio against the risk that those loans will not be repaid, while ensuring that we manage the underlying cost of the funds we use to make those loans and sources of funding we rely on to fund those loans.
•operational and other risks: we must remain operationally effective and manage operational and reputational risks such as fraud and cybersecurity, while continuing to monitor and effectively respond to an external environment that may negatively impact the utilization or desirability of our products and services.
the covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic has and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the covid-19 pandemic has had an unprecedented impact on a global scale. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and the measures implemented to contain the pandemic, economic activity has declined both on a national and global level and unemployment has risen at a record pace and remains elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels. the depth and duration of this economic contraction is unknown and currently unpredictable. federal and state governments and agencies have put in place programs to mitigate and respond to the impact of the pandemic. it is unclear whether the measures employed to date are exhaustive, or whether federal and state governments and agencies may take additional action that could impact our business.
the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and the resulting economic contraction has adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our businesses, results of operations and financial condition. as consumers grow increasingly uncertain about the economy, lose their jobs or are unable to find work due to the covid-19 pandemic or the implementation of measures to slow the spread of covid-19, they may become increasingly unable or unwilling to repay their loans on time and may be less inclined to borrow or spend. in addition, consumers may be more inclined to reduce their debts and repay their loans at a greater rate than they would have previously. the duration of the pandemic and the measures to contain it and the long-term negative economic impact and increased unemployment could lead to increased customer delinquencies and charge-offs, which would cause an increase to our allowance for credit losses and would adversely affect our profitability. we had put various programs in place to assist affected borrowers during the initial onset of the pandemic. the programs generally provided borrowers with flexibility to make monthly payments, including allowing customers to skip (i.e., defer) payments without penalty, or in certain cases, accrual of interest. the ultimate effect of these programs as well as federal stimulus programs on our credit losses will not be known for some time. the impact on the u.s. economy and the consumer credit environment may continue after the covid-19 pandemic has subsided; the pace of recovery is uncertain and unpredictable and dependent on a
-26-
number of complex and interconnected factors. the speed that vaccinations are rolled out coupled with the resurgence of covid-19 in areas where the pandemic previously appeared to have subsided or been contained only adds to the uncertainty and unpredictability of the pace of recovery.
given the nature of the crisis, our financial and economic models may be unable to accurately predict and respond to the impact of the economic contraction or lasting changes to consumer behaviors, which may limit our ability to manage credit risk and avoid higher charge-off rates. additionally, due to the nature and novelty of the crisis, our credit and economic models may not be able to adequately predict or forecast credit losses, sales, receivables or other financial metrics during and after the crisis, which could result in our reserves being too large or insufficient. for more information see the risk factor entitled "- our risk management framework and models for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss."
measures to contain the pandemic that close businesses and/or require their employees work from home and discourage or otherwise prohibit people generally from leaving their homes have had a material adverse effect on our sales volume, credit card loan growth, interchange revenue and network-to-network volume and may continue to do so even after such measures have been lifted. the economic contraction and associated slowdown in travel and transaction volume may have a material adverse impact on the financial condition of some of our diners club franchises. in the past, we have extended financial support to franchises experiencing financial stress.
at the onset of the pandemic, we transitioned nearly all of our employees and non-employee contractors to working from home. previously, only a small portion of employees and non-employee contractors worked primarily from a location other than one of our offices. we currently give all non-essential employees the choice to work from home or to come into our physical locations subject to appropriate health and safety measures and capacity limitations. as we continue to adapt to this new way of working, we may become less effective and as a result our ability to design and implement new products, services or features may be adversely impacted. additionally, in the event that a significant portion of our call center agents become ill due to covid-19 or are otherwise unable to work effectively, our ability to meet our internal measures for customer service may be adversely affected. the pandemic has required us and our third-party vendors to activate certain business continuity programs and make ongoing adjustments to operations. to the extent that these plans and back-up servicing and other strategies and adjustments are either not available, insufficient or cannot be implemented in whole or in part, we may be exposed to legal, regulatory, reputational, operational, information security or financial risk. for example, if we are unable to send our customers certain required statements or disclosures due to disruptions in staffing and personnel or our back-up servicing plans, we may be exposed to legal and regulatory risk. finally, while nearly all of our employees are working from home, we are increasingly reliant on a handful of vendors, including those with which we have no direct relationship such as our employees' internet service providers, to maintain reliable high speed access to our internal network. failure by such third-party providers would impact our operations. efforts by us, our vendors and their vendors to continue to adapt operations to this new environment may introduce additional vulnerabilities to our operations and information security programs and systems in ways we have not previously contemplated or otherwise prepared for.
there are no comparable recent events that provide guidance as to the effect the spread of covid-19 as a global pandemic may have, and, as a result, the ultimate impact of the outbreak and the economic recovery following the containment of the outbreak is highly uncertain and subject to change. we do not yet know the full extent of the impacts on our business, our operations or the global economy as a whole. however, the effects have had and are expected to continue to have a material impact on our results of operations and heighten many of our known risks described in the risk factors disclosed below.
current economic and regulatory environment economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
as a provider of consumer financial services, our business, results of operations and financial condition are subject to the u.s. and global economic environment. as the overall economic environment in the u.s. experiences material disruption due to the covid-19 pandemic, our borrowers may experience difficulties in repaying their loans. accordingly, the level of our nonperforming loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and require additional provision for credit losses. a customer's ability and willingness to repay us can be impacted by not only economic conditions but also a customer's other payment obligations.
-27-
economic conditions also can reduce the usage of credit cards in general and the average purchase amount of transactions industry-wide, including our cards, which reduces interest income and transaction fees. we rely heavily on interest income from our credit card business to generate earnings. our interest income from credit card loans was $8.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, which was 72% of net revenues (defined as net interest income plus other income), compared to $9.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, which was 81% of net revenues. economic conditions combined with a competitive marketplace could slow loan growth, resulting in reduced revenue growth from our core digital banking business.
financial regulatory developments have and will continue to significantly impact the environment for the financial services industry, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the final rules implementing the tailoring requirements of 2018's egrrcpa became effective on december 31, 2019. under the final rules, dfs is considered a category iv institution and therefore subject to the least stringent category of enhanced prudential standards for domestic bank holding companies with at least $100 billion in total assets. however, many of the core components of the regulations implementing enhanced prudential standards remain in place. since 2020, dfs has been subject to slightly more tailored requirements for capital stress testing, liquidity risk management and resolution planning.
meanwhile, the majority of the provisions of the dodd-frank act were unchanged by the egrrcpa and remain in effect, including provisions governing the practices and oversight of institutions engaged in financial services activities. the impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors, including (i) the legislative priorities of the u.s. congress, (ii) priorities and actions of the federal reserve, fdic and cfpb, (iii) implications resulting from our competitors and other marketplace participants and (iv) changing consumer behavior. for additional information regarding bank regulatory matters impacting us, see "business - supervision and regulation."
regulatory and legislative developments, findings and actions have had and could continue to have a negative impact on our business strategies or require us to: limit, exit or modify our business practices and product offerings; restructure our products in unanticipated ways; invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts; limit the fees we charge for services; impact the value of our assets; or limit our ability to pursue certain innovations and business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments." furthermore, see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on recent matters affecting us. it is possible that any new regulatory measures or legislation may disproportionately affect us due to our size, structure or product offerings, among other things.
compliance expectations and expenditures have steadily and significantly increased for us and other financial services firms and are expected to continue to increase as regulators escalate their focus on controls and operational processes. we may face additional compliance and regulatory risks if we introduce new products and services or enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers, or other industry participants. ongoing or additional regulatory requirements may generate additional expenses or require significant time and resources to ensure compliance.
for more information regarding the regulatory environment and developments potentially impacting us, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments."
strategic business risk we face competition in the credit card market from other consumer financial services providers and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could result in fewer customers and lower account balances and could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
the consumer financial services business is highly competitive. we compete with other consumer financial services providers, including non-traditional providers of financing and payment services such as financial technology firms, based on several factors, including brand, reputation, customer service, product offerings, incentives, pricing, e-commerce and digital wallet participation and other terms. competition in credit cards is also based on merchant acceptance and the value provided to the customer by rewards programs and other innovations. many credit card issuers have instituted rewards programs that are similar to ours and, in some cases, could be viewed as more attractive to customers than our programs. these competitive factors affect our ability to attract and retain customers, increase
-28-
usage of our products and maximize the revenue generated by our products. in addition, because most domestically-issued credit cards, other than those issued by american express, are issued on the visa and mastercard networks, most other card issuers benefit from the dominant position and marketing and pricing power of visa and mastercard. the competitive marketplace could result in slower loan growth, resulting in reduced revenue growth from our core digital banking business. if we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take aggressive actions in response to competitors' actions, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we incur considerable costs in competing with other consumer financial services providers and many of our competitors have greater financial resources than we do, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our financial results.
we incur considerable costs in competing with other consumer financial services providers to attract and retain customers and increase usage of our products. a substantial portion of this cost relates to marketing expenditures and rewards programs. since 2013 our rewards rate, which represents rewards cost divided by discover card sales volume, has increased from less than 1% to 1.38% in 2021. we expect the competitive intensity in the rewards space to continue, which could result in a continued increase in the rewards rate. our consumer financial services products compete primarily based on pricing, terms and service. because of the highly competitive nature of the credit card-issuing business, a primary method of competition among credit card issuers, including us, has been to offer rewards programs, low introductory interest rates, attractive standard purchase rates and balance transfer programs that offer a favorable annual percentage rate or other financial incentives for a specified length of time on account balances transferred from another credit card.
competition is intense in the credit card industry and customers may frequently switch credit cards or transfer their balances to another card. we expect to continue to invest in initiatives to remain competitive in the consumer financial services industry, including the launch of new cards and features, brand awareness initiatives, targeted marketing, online and mobile enhancements, e-wallet participation, customer service improvements, credit risk management and operations enhancements and infrastructure efficiencies. however, there can be no assurance that any of the costs we incur or incentives we offer to attempt to acquire and maintain accounts and increase usage of our products will be effective. in addition, to the extent that we offer new products, features or services to remain competitive, we may be subject to increased operational or other risks.
furthermore, many of our competitors are larger than we are, have greater financial resources than we do, have more breadth in banking products, have lower funding costs than we have and expect to have and have assets, such as branch locations and co-brand relationships, that may be appealing to certain customers. for example, larger credit card issuers, which have greater resources than we do, may be better positioned to fund appealing rewards, marketing and advertising programs. we may be at a competitive disadvantage as a result of the greater financial resources, diversification and scale of many of our competitors.
our costs directly affect our earnings results. many factors can influence the amount of our costs, as well as how quickly it may increase. our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which may be necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate newly-acquired businesses and establish scalable operations, increase our costs. in addition, as our business develops, changes or expands, additional costs can arise as a result of a reevaluation of business strategies, management of outsourced services, asset purchases, structural reorganization, compliance with new laws or regulations or the acquisition of new businesses. if we are unable to manage our costs successfully, our financial results will be negatively affected.
the inability to compete against other operators of payment networks and alternative payment providers could result in reduced transaction volume, limited merchant acceptance of our cards, limited issuance of cards on our networks by third parties and materially reduced earnings from our payment services business.
we face substantial and increasingly intense competition in the payments industry, both from traditional players and new, emerging alternative payment providers. for example, we compete with other payment networks to attract network partners to issue credit and debit cards and other card products on the discover, pulse and diners club networks, collectively the discover global network. competition with other operators of payment networks is generally based on issuer fees, fees paid to networks (including switch fees), merchant acceptance, network size and functionality, technological capabilities and other economic terms. competition is also based on customer perception of service quality, brand image, reputation and market share. further, we are facing increased competition from alternative payment providers, who may create innovative network or other arrangements with our primary competitors, large
-29-
merchants or other industry participants, which could adversely impact our costs, transaction volume and ability to grow our business.
many of our competitors are well established, larger than we are and/or have greater financial resources or scale than we do. these competitors have provided financial incentives to card issuers, such as large cash signing bonuses for new programs, funding for and sponsorship of marketing programs and other bonuses. visa and mastercard each enjoy greater merchant acceptance and broader global brand recognition than we do. although we have made progress in merchant acceptance, we have not achieved global market parity with visa and mastercard. in addition, visa and mastercard have entered into long-term arrangements with many financial institutions that may have the effect of discouraging those institutions from issuing cards on the discover network or issuing debit cards on the pulse network. some of these arrangements are exclusive, or nearly exclusive, which further limits our ability to conduct material amounts of business with these institutions. if we are unable to remain competitive on issuer fees and other incentives, we may be unable to offer adequate pricing to network partners while maintaining sufficient net revenues.
we also face competition as merchants put pressure on transaction fees. increasing merchant fees or acquirer fees could adversely affect our effort to increase merchant acceptance of credit cards issued on the discover global network and may cause merchant acceptance to decrease. this, in turn, could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain network partners who may seek out more cost-effective alternatives from both traditional and non-traditional payment services providers, which may limit our ability to maintain or grow revenues from our proprietary network. in addition, competitors' settlements with merchants and related actions, including pricing pressures and/or surcharging, could negatively impact our business practices. competitor actions related to the structure of merchant and acquirer fees and merchant and acquirer transaction routing strategies have adversely affected and are expected to continue to adversely affect our pulse network's business practices, network transaction volume, revenue and prospects for future growth and entry into new product markets. visa has entered into arrangements with some merchants and acquirers that have, and are expected to continue to have, the effect of discouraging those merchants and acquirers from routing debit transactions to pulse. in addition, the dodd-frank act's network participation requirements and competitor actions negatively impact pulse's ability to enter into exclusivity arrangements, which affects pulse's business practices and may materially adversely affect its network transaction volume and revenue. pulse has a pending lawsuit against visa with respect to these competitive concerns. pulse's transaction processing revenue was $227 million and $195 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
american express is also a strong competitor, with international acceptance, high transaction fees and an upscale brand image. internationally, american express competes in the same market segments as diners club. we may face challenges in increasing international acceptance on our networks, particularly if third parties that we rely on to issue diners club cards, increase card acceptance and market our brands do not perform to our expectations.
in addition, if we are unable to maintain sufficient network functionality to be competitive with other networks, or if our competitors develop better data security solutions or more innovative products and services than we do, our ability to retain and attract network partners and maintain or increase the revenues generated by our proprietary card-issuing business or our pulse business may be materially adversely affected. additionally, competitors may develop data security solutions, which as a consequence of the competitors' market power, we may be forced to use. in that case, our business may be adversely affected as they may be better positioned to absorb the costs over higher volumes or a larger customer base.
our business depends upon relationships with issuers, merchant acquirers, other payment enablers and licensees, many of whom are financial institutions. the economic and regulatory environment and increased consolidation in the financial services industry decrease our opportunities for new business and may result in the termination of existing business relationships if a business partner is acquired or goes out of business. in addition, as a result of this environment, financial institutions may have decreased interest in engaging in new card issuance opportunities or expanding existing card issuance relationships, which would inhibit our ability to grow our payment services business. we continue to face substantial and intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume and business strategies.
-30-
if we are unsuccessful in maintaining our international network business and achieving meaningful global card acceptance, we may be unable to grow our international network business.
we continue to make progress toward, but have not completed, achieving global card acceptance for the discover global network since we acquired the diners club network and related assets in 2008. achieving global card acceptance would allow our customers, including third-party issuers leveraging the network, to use their cards at merchant and atm locations around the world.
our international network business depends upon the cooperation, support and continuous operation of the network licensees that issue diners club cards and that maintain a merchant acceptance network. as is the case for other card payment networks, our diners club network does not issue cards or determine the terms and conditions of cards issued by the network licensees. if we are unable to continue our relationships with network licensees or if the network licensees are unable to continue their relationships with merchants, our ability to maintain or increase revenues and to remain competitive would be adversely affected due to the potential deterioration in customer relationships and related demand that could result. if one or more licensees were to experience a significant impairment of their business or were to cease doing business for economic, regulatory or other reasons, we would face the adverse effects of business interruption in a particular market, including loss of volume, acceptance and revenue and exposure to potential reputational risk. if such conditions arise in the future, we may deploy resources and incur expenses in order to sustain network acceptance. additionally, interruption of network licensee relationships could have an adverse effect on the acceptance of discover cards when they are used on the diners club network outside of north america.
the long-term success of our international network business depends upon achieving meaningful global card acceptance, which has included and may continue to include higher overall costs or longer timeframes than anticipated.
the failure to manage the risks of our student loan portfolio and the student lending environment could result in our inability to sustain and grow our student loan portfolio.
the long-term success of our student loan strategy depends upon our ability to manage the credit risk, pricing, funding, operations, including the transition away from london interbank offered rate ("libor"), and expenses of our student loan portfolio, as well as the growth of our student loan originations. our student loan strategy is also impacted by external factors such as the overall economic environment, a competitive marketplace and a challenging regulatory environment for private student loans and student loans generally. for more information on the regulatory environment, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments" and note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements.
there are several challenges to managing and growing our private student loan business in the future, including (i) economic weakness, (ii) new changes from federal and state legislation or prudential regulations, or other government and regulatory focus on higher education costs, student lending and student loan servicing; and (iii) competitive factors, such as competition from non-traditional lenders including financial technology firms. examples of these challenges include the recent legislative focus on federal student loan debt forgiveness in bankruptcy and legislative proposals in a number of states and the district of columbia imposing new requirements on student loan servicing. these challenges may require us to restructure our private student loan products in ways we may not currently anticipate. in addition, changes that adversely affect the private student loan market generally may negatively impact the profitability and growth of our student loan portfolio.
acquisitions or strategic investments that we pursue may not be successful and could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition or reduce our earnings.
we may consider or undertake strategic acquisitions of, or material investments in, businesses, products, portfolios of loans or technologies in the future. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or investment candidates, or even if we do identify suitable candidates, they may be difficult to finance, expensive to fund and there is no guarantee that we can obtain any necessary regulatory approvals or complete the transactions on terms that are favorable to us. we generally must receive federal regulatory approvals before we can acquire a bank, bank holding company, deposits or certain assets or businesses. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments."
to the extent we pay the purchase price of any strategic acquisition or investment in cash, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. similarly, if the purchase price is paid with our stock, it may be dilutive to our stockholders. in addition, we may assume liabilities associated with a business acquisition or investment, including
-31-
unrecorded liabilities that are not discovered at the time of the transaction. the repayment or settlement of those liabilities may have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
we may not be able to successfully integrate the personnel, operations, businesses, products, or technologies of an acquisition or investment. integration may be particularly challenging if we enter into a line of business that we have limited experience and the business operates in a difficult legal, regulatory or competitive environment. we may find that we do not have adequate operations or expertise to manage the new business. the integration of any acquisition or investment may divert management's time and resources from our core business, which could impair our relationships with our current employees, customers and strategic partners and disrupt our operations. additionally, any acquisition or investment may expose us to increased information security risk as we integrate new systems that we may not be as familiar with or bring them in line with the requirements of our information security and business continuity programs. acquisitions and investments also may not perform to our expectations for various reasons, including the loss of key personnel, customers or vendors. if we fail to integrate acquisitions or investments or realize the expected benefits, we may lose the return on these acquisitions or investments or incur additional transaction costs. as a result, our business, reputation and financial condition may be harmed.
credit, market and liquidity risk the failure to successfully manage credit risk, which may result in high delinquency and charge-off rates, could materially adversely affect our business, profitability and financial condition.
as a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our borrowers will be unable or unwilling to repay the principal of, or interest on, loans in accordance with their terms. we seek to grow our loan receivables while maintaining quality credit performance. our success depends on our ability to manage credit risk while attracting new customers with profitable usage patterns. we select customers, manage their accounts and establish terms and credit limits using externally developed and proprietary scoring models and other analytical techniques designed to set terms and credit limits to appropriately compensate us for the credit risk we accept, while encouraging customers to use their available credit. the models and approaches we use may not accurately predict future charge-offs due to, among other things, inaccurate assumptions. while we continually seek to improve our assumptions and models, we may make modifications that unintentionally cause them to be less predictive or incorrectly interpret the data produced by these models in setting our credit policies.
at december 31, 2021 and 2020, $800 million, or 0.85%, and $1.0 billion, or 1.08%, of our loan receivables were non-performing (defined as loans over 90 days delinquent and accruing interest plus loans not accruing interest). our ability to manage credit risk and avoid high charge-off rates may be adversely affected by household, business, economic, and market conditions that may be difficult to predict. when these conditions deteriorate, we may experience reduced demand for credit and increased delinquencies or defaults, including loans which we have securitized and in which we retain a residual interest. the level of nonperforming loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and require additional provision for credit losses. there can be no assurance that our underwriting and portfolio management strategies will permit us to avoid high charge-off levels or that our allowance for credit losses will be sufficient to cover actual losses.
a customer's ability and willingness to repay us can be impacted by changes in their employment status, increases in their payment obligations to other lenders and by restricted availability of credit to consumers generally. our collection operations may not compete effectively to secure more of customers' diminished cash flow than our competitors. in addition, we may fail to quickly identify customers who are likely to default on their payment obligations and reduce our exposure by closing credit lines and restricting authorizations, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as restrictions on collections, bankruptcy laws, minimum payment regulations and re-age guidance), competitors' actions and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, resources, techniques and models. there can be no assurance that we will be able to grow the loan receivables portfolio in accordance with our strategies or manage credit and other risks associated with the loan products. our failure to manage credit and other risks may materially adversely affect profitability and the ability to grow the loan receivables portfolio and further diversify the business.
-32-
adverse market conditions or an inability to effectively manage our liquidity risk could negatively impact our ability to meet our liquidity and funding needs, which could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and overall financial condition.
we must effectively manage the liquidity risk to which we are exposed. we require liquidity in order to meet cash requirements such as day-to-day operating expenses, extensions of credit on our consumer loans and required payments of principal and interest on our borrowings. our primary sources of liquidity and funding are payments on our loan receivables, deposits and proceeds from securitization transactions and securities offerings. we may maintain too much liquidity, which can be costly, or we may be too illiquid, which could limit financial flexibility and result in financial distress during a liquidity stress event. our liquidity portfolio had a balance of approximately $15 billion as of december 31, 2021, compared to $24.4 billion as of december 31, 2020. our total contingent liquidity sources amounted to $52.9 billion as of december 31, 2021, compared to $63.3 billion as of december 31, 2020. as of december 31, 2021, our total contingent liquidity sources consisted of $15 billion in our liquidity portfolio, $3.5 billion of undrawn capacity in private securitizations, $150 million in borrowing capacity with the fhlb of chicago and $34.3 billion in incremental federal reserve discount window capacity.
in the event that our current sources of liquidity do not satisfy our needs, we would be required to seek additional financing. the availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit to the financial services industry, new regulatory restrictions and requirements and our credit ratings. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital, credit or deposit markets, such as the volatility experienced in the capital and credit markets at the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, may limit our ability to repay or replace maturing liabilities in a timely manner. as such, we may be forced to delay the acquisition of additional funding or be forced to issue or raise funding at undesirable terms and/or costs, which could decrease profitability and significantly reduce financial flexibility. further, in disorderly financial markets or for other reasons, it may be difficult or impossible to liquidate some of our investments to meet our liquidity needs.
there can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future. likewise, adverse developments with respect to financial institutions and other third parties with whom we maintain important financial relationships could negatively impact our funding and liquidity. if we are unable to continue to fund our assets through deposits or access capital markets on favorable terms, or if we experience an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
an inability to accept or maintain deposits in the future could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund our business.
a major source of our funds is customer deposits, primarily in the form of savings accounts, certificates of deposits, money market accounts and checking accounts. we obtain deposits from consumers either directly or through affinity relationships and through third-party securities brokerage firms that offer our deposits to their customers. we had $61.9 billion in deposits acquired directly or through affinity relationships and $10.5 billion in deposits originated through securities brokerage firms as of december 31, 2021, compared to $63.5 billion and $13.4 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2020. our ability to attract and maintain deposits, as well as our cost of funds, has been, and will continue to be, significantly affected by general economic conditions. competition from other financial services firms that use deposit funding, the rates and services we offer on our deposit products and our ability to maintain a high-quality customer experience may affect deposit renewal rates, costs or availability. changes we make to the rates offered on our deposit products may affect our profitability (through funding costs) and our liquidity (through volumes raised). in addition, our ability to maintain existing or obtain additional deposits may be impacted by various factors, including factors beyond our control, such as perceptions about our reputation, brand, financial strength; quality of deposit servicing or branchless banking generally, which could reduce the number of consumers choosing to place deposits with us; third parties continuing or entering into affinity relationships or marketing arrangements with us; disruptions in technology services or the internet, generally; or third-party securities brokerage firms continuing to offer our deposit products. furthermore, while there are limitations on withdrawal frequency on certain deposit accounts, customers may withdraw deposits to ensure that their deposits are fully insured or make investments that have a higher yield. if our customers withdraw their deposits, our funding costs may increase, which may reduce our net interest income and net income.
our ability to obtain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates on deposits is also dependent on capital levels of our bank subsidiary. in certain circumstances, the fdia prohibits insured banks, such as our subsidiary discover bank, from accepting brokered deposits (as defined in the fdia) and applies other restrictions, such as a cap
-33-
on interest rates we may pay. see "business - supervision and regulation" and note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements for more information. while discover bank met the fdic's definition of "well-capitalized" as of december 31, 2021 and has no restrictions regarding acceptance of brokered deposits or setting of interest rates, there can be no assurance that it will continue to meet this definition. additionally, our regulators can adjust the requirements to be "well-capitalized" at any time and have authority to place limitations on our deposit businesses, including the interest rate we pay on deposits.
if we are unable to securitize our credit card receivables, it may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cost of funds and overall financial condition.
we use the securitization of credit card receivables as a significant source of funding as well as for contingent liquidity. the securitization of credit card receivables involves the transfer of credit card receivables to a trust, the transfer of the beneficial interest in those credit card receivables to a second trust through a special purpose entity and the issuance by the second trust of notes to third-party investors collateralized by the beneficial interest in the transferred credit card receivables. our average level of credit card securitized borrowings from third parties was $9.5 billion and $12.2 billion for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. there can be no assurance that we will be able to complete additional credit card securitization transactions if the credit card securitization market experiences significant and prolonged disruption or volatility.
our ability to raise funding through the securitization market also depends, in part, on the credit ratings of the securities we issue from our securitization trusts. if we are not able to satisfy rating agency requirements to confirm the ratings of asset-backed securities issued by our trusts at the time of a new issuance of securities, it could limit our ability to access the securitization markets. additional factors affecting the extent to which we may securitize our credit card receivables in the future include the overall credit quality of our credit card receivables, the costs of securitizing our credit card receivables, the demand for credit card asset-backed securities and the legal, regulatory, accounting or tax rules affecting securitization transactions and asset-backed securities, generally.
a prolonged inability to securitize our credit card receivables, or an increase in the costs of such issuances that would make such activities economically infeasible, may require us to seek alternative funding sources, which may be less efficient and more expensive than raising capital via securitization transactions and may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cost of funds and overall financial condition.
the occurrence of events that result in the early amortization of our existing credit card securitization transactions or an inability to delay the accumulation of principal collections for our existing credit card securitization transactions would materially adversely affect our liquidity.
our liquidity and cost of funds would be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of events that could result in the early amortization of our existing credit card securitization transactions. our credit card securitization transactions are structured as "revolving transactions" that do not distribute to securitization investors their share of monthly principal payments received on the underlying receivables during the revolving period and instead use those principal payments to fund the purchase of new credit card receivables. the occurrence of an "early amortization event" may result in termination of the revolving periods of one or more of our securitization transactions, which would require us to repay the affected outstanding securitized borrowings out of principal collections without regard to the original payment schedule. early amortization events include, for example, insufficient cash flows in the securitized pool of credit card receivables to meet contractual requirements (i.e., excess spread less than zero) and certain breaches of representations, warranties or covenants in the agreements relating to the securitization transactions. for more information on excess spread, see note 5: credit card and private student loan securitization activities to our consolidated financial statements. an early amortization event would negatively impact our liquidity and require us to rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time or may be less efficient and more expensive. an early amortization event also could impact our ability to access the undrawn secured credit facilities that we maintain for contingent liquidity purposes. additionally, the occurrence of an early amortization event with respect to any of our securitization transactions may adversely impact investor demand for notes issued in our future credit card securitization transactions.
our credit card securitization structure includes a requirement that we accumulate principal collections into a restricted account in the amount of scheduled maturities on a pro rata basis over the 12 months prior to a security's maturity date. we have the option under our credit card securitization documents to shorten this accumulation period, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. historically, we have exercised this option to shorten the accumulation period to a few months prior to maturity. if we were to determine that the payment rate on the underlying credit card
-34-
receivables would not support a short accumulation period, we would need to begin accumulating principal cash flows earlier than we have historically. a lengthening of the accumulation period could negatively impact our liquidity, requiring management to implement mitigating measures. during periods of significant maturity levels, absent management actions, the lengthening of the accumulation period could materially adversely affect our financial condition.
a downgrade in the credit ratings of our or our subsidiaries' securities could materially adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition.
we, along with discover bank, are regularly evaluated by the ratings agencies. their ratings for our long-term debt and other securities, including asset-backed securities issued by our securitization trusts, are based on a number of factors that may change from time to time, including our financial strength as well as factors that may not be within our control. factors that affect our unsecured credit ratings include, but are not limited to, the macroeconomic environment in which we operate and the credit ratings of the u.s. government, the credit quality and performance of our assets, the amount and quality of our capital, the level and stability of our earnings and the structure and amount of our liquidity. in addition to these factors, the ratings of our asset-backed securities are also based on the quality of the underlying receivables and the credit enhancement structure of the trusts. downgrades in our ratings, those of discover bank or our asset-backed securities could occur at any time and without notice by any of the rating agencies, which could, among other things, materially adversely affect our cost of funds, access to capital and funding and overall financial condition. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings or that our credit ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn.
we may not be successful in managing the investments in our liquidity investment portfolio and investment performance may deteriorate due to market fluctuations, which would adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we must effectively manage the risks of the investments in our liquidity investment portfolio, which is composed of cash and cash equivalents and high-quality liquid investments. the value of our investments may be adversely affected by market fluctuations including changes in interest rates, prices, prepayment rates, credit risk premiums and overall market liquidity. also, investments backed by collateral could be adversely impacted by changes in the value of the underlying collateral. in addition, economic conditions may cause certain of the obligors, counterparties and underlying collateral on our investments to incur losses of their own or default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons, thereby increasing our credit risk exposure to these investments. these risks could result in a decrease in the value of our investments, which could negatively impact our financial condition. these risks could also restrict our access to funding. while the securities in our investment portfolio are currently limited to obligations of high-quality sovereign and government-sponsored issuers, we may choose to expand the range of our investments over time, which may result in greater fluctuations in market value. while we expect these investments to be readily convertible into cash and do not believe they present a material increase to our risk profile or will have a material impact on our risk-based capital ratios, they are subject to certain market fluctuations that may reduce the ability to fully convert them into cash.
changes in the level of interest rates could materially adversely affect our earnings.
changes in interest rates cause our net interest income to increase or decrease, as some of our assets and liabilities carry interest rates that fluctuate with market benchmarks. benchmark interest rates may rise during 2022 as many financial market participants expect the federal reserve to raise its federal funds rate target and reduce other forms of accommodative monetary policy in response to strong macroeconomic growth and higher inflation rates, resulting in increased borrowing costs for consumers, businesses and governments. higher interest rates could negatively impact our customers as total debt service payments would increase, impede our ability to grow our consumer lending businesses and increase the cost of our funding, which would put us at a disadvantage as compared to some of our competitors that have less expensive funding sources.
some of our consumer loan receivables bear interest at a fixed rate or do not earn interest and we are not able to increase the rate on those loans to offset any higher cost of funds, which could materially reduce earnings. at the same time, some of our variable-rate loan receivables may be subject to a cap, exposing us to interest-rate risk. in addition, we utilize a combination of fixed- and variable-rate funding from various sources, and we may use derivative instruments to hedge the liabilities. however, timing mismatches between loan receivable growth and funding procurement could expose us to interest-rate risk.
-35-
additionally, we have a number of variable-rate student loans, interest rate swaps and capital markets securities with attributes that are either directly or indirectly dependent on libor. on july 27, 2017, the uk financial conduct authority ("fca") announced that it would no longer encourage or compel banks to continue contributing quotes and maintaining libor after 2021. on march 5, 2021, the fca announced the future cessation and loss of representativeness for all libor benchmark settings. while non-u.s. dollar ("usd") and several less frequently referenced usd libor settings ceased publication immediately after december 31, 2021, commonly referenced usd libor settings will cease publication immediately after june 30, 2023. however, u.s. banking regulators have directed banks to cease entering into new contracts that use usd libor as a reference rate after december 31, 2021. on july 29, 2021, the alternative reference rates committee ("arrc") announced its recommendation of forward-looking term rates based on sofr as additional alternative reference rate options. for more information regarding our transition from libor to sofr, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments - banking - london interbank offered rate."
interest rates may also adversely impact our delinquency and charge-off rates. many consumer lending products bear interest rates that fluctuate with certain base lending rates published in the market, such as the prime rate and libor. as a result, higher interest rates often lead to higher payment requirements by consumers under obligations to us and other lenders, which may reduce their ability to remain current on their obligations to us and thereby lead to loan delinquencies and additions to our credit loss provision, which could materially adversely affect our earnings.
we continually monitor interest rates and have a number of tools, including the composition of our investments, liability terms and interest rate derivatives, to manage our interest rate risk exposure. changes in market assumptions regarding future interest rates could significantly impact our interest rate risk strategy, our financial position and results of operations. if our interest rate risk management strategies are not appropriately monitored or executed, these activities may not effectively mitigate our interest rate sensitivity or have the desired impact on our results of operations or financial condition. for information related to interest rate risk sensitivities, see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
operational and other risk our risk management framework and models for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss.
our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. we have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk and strategic risk. we seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures, limits and reporting requirements.
management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. we use a variety of models to manage and inform decision-making with respect to customers and for the measurement of risk including credit, market and operational risks and for our finance and treasury functions. models used by discover can vary in their complexity and are designed to identify, measure and mitigate risks at various levels such as loan-level, portfolio segments, entire portfolios and products. these models use a set of computational rules to generate numerical estimates of uncertain values to be used for assessment of price, financial forecasts and estimates of credit, interest rate, market and operational risk. these models and the quality of their outputs are dependent on the quality and accuracy of the data loaded into the models. to the extent that the quality and integrity of that data is compromised, the models could result in inaccurate forecasts, ineffective risk management practices or inaccurate risk reporting. all models carry some level of uncertainty that introduces risks in the estimates.
if the models that we use to mitigate risks are inadequate or do not accurately predict future outcomes, we may incur increased losses. in addition, there may be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated. if our risk management framework and models do not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
if the security of our systems, or the systems of third parties we rely upon, is compromised, our business could be disrupted and we may be subject to significant financial exposure, liability and damage to our reputation.
our digital banking and network operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential or sensitive information about us, our customers and third parties with whom we do business. information security risks for financial institutions have increased and continue to increase in part because of the proliferation of
-36-
new technologies, the use of the internet and cloud, mobile and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, activists, hackers, terrorist organizations, nation state actors and other external parties. those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems (including third parties) to disclose confidential or sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers.
our technologies, systems, networks and software, those of other financial institutions and other firms (such as hardware vendors, cloud providers and others), have been, and are likely to continue to be, the target of increasingly frequent cyber-attacks, malicious code, ransomware, denial of service attacks, phishing and other social engineering, other remote access attacks and physical attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss, unavailability or destruction of data (including confidential customer information), account takeovers, identity theft and fraud, unavailability of service or other events. these types of threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of external or internal parties or may result from technological failure or otherwise. further, the risk of these types of threats may be increased to the extent employees work remotely on a more frequent basis than prior to the covid-19 pandemic.
despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems through our information security and business continuity programs, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all known and unknown security threats, attacks or breaches or events of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and are becoming increasingly more sophisticated or are not recognized until launched or vulnerabilities in software or hardware are unknown or are unable to be entirely addressed even after becoming known, and because:
•security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources and geographic locations and may be undetected for a period of time.
•we rely on many third-party service providers and network participants, including merchants, and, as such, a security breach or cyber-attack affecting one of these third parties could impact us. for example, the financial services industry continues to see attacks against the environments where personal and identifiable information is handled. for additional information see the risk factor "- failure to manage our relationships with third-party service providers could result in our revenue or results of operations being materially adversely affected."
•our customers may use computers and mobile devices that are beyond our security control systems to access our products and services.
we are subject to increasing risk related to information and data security as we increase acceptance of the discover card internationally, expand our suite of online digital banking products, enhance our mobile payment technologies, acquire new or outsource some of our business operations, expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications, and otherwise attempt to keep pace with rapid technological changes in the financial services industry. our efforts to mitigate this risk increase our expenses. while we continue to invest in our information security defenses (including cybersecurity defenses), if our security systems or those of third parties are penetrated or circumvented such that the confidentiality, integrity or availability of information about us, our customers, transactions processed on our networks or on third-party networks on our behalf or third parties with which we do business is compromised, we could be subject to significant liability that may not be covered by insurance, including significant legal and financial exposure, actions by our regulators, damage to our reputation, or a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services that could materially adversely affect our business.
cyber-attacks that are successful, or are perceived to be successful, in compromising the data or disrupting the services of other peer financial institutions, whether or not we are impacted, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence, which could negatively impact market perception of our products and services. media reports of attempted cyber-attacks, service disruptions or vulnerabilities in our information systems or security procedures or those of any of the third-party service providers we engage, could cause significant legal and financial exposure, lead to regulatory and legislative intervention and cause an overall negative effect in our business. for additional information on risks in this area, see the risk factors below regarding fraudulent activity, the introduction of new products and services, the use of third parties for outsourcing, technology generally, and laws and regulations addressing consumer privacy and data use and security.
-37-
if we cannot remain organizationally effective, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment.
to remain organizationally effective, we must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. in order to execute on our objective to be the leading consumer bank and payments partner, we must develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses. examples include the implementation of a broader rollout of our checking product and a structure for a more competitive global network business. if we fail to develop and implement these solutions, we may be unable to expand quickly and the results of our expansion may be unsatisfactory. in addition, if we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, execute our strategy and implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes as needed in this increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment, our financial condition, results of operations, relationships with our business partners, banking regulators, customers and shareholders, and ultimately our prospects for achieving our long-term strategies, may be negatively impacted.
we may be unable to increase or sustain discover credit card usage, which could impair growth in, or lead to diminishing, average balances and total revenue.
a key element of our business strategy is to increase the usage of the discover credit card by our customers, including making it their primary credit card, and thereby increase our revenue from transaction and service fees and interest income. however, our customers' use and payment patterns may change because of social, legal and economic factors, and customers may decide to use debit cards or other payment products instead of credit cards, not increase credit card usage, or pay their balances within the grace period to avoid finance charges. we face challenges from competing card products in our attempts to increase credit card usage by our existing customers. our ability to increase credit card usage also is dependent on customer satisfaction, which may be adversely affected by factors outside of our control, including competitors' actions and legislative/regulatory changes. existing legal and regulatory restrictions limit pricing changes that may impact an account throughout its lifecycle, which may reduce our capability to offer lower price promotions to drive account usage and customer engagement. as part of our strategy to increase usage, we have been increasing the number of merchants who accept credit cards issued on the discover network. if we are unable to continue increasing merchant acceptance or fail to improve awareness of existing merchant acceptance of our credit cards, our ability to grow usage of discover credit cards may be hampered. as a result of these factors, we may be unable to increase or sustain credit card usage, which could impair growth in or lead to diminishing average balances and total revenue.
a reduction in the number of large merchants that accept cards on the discover network or pulse network or the rates they pay could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
discover card net transaction dollar volume was concentrated among our top 100 merchants in 2021, with our largest merchant accounting for approximately 5% of that net transaction volume. transaction volume on the pulse network was also concentrated among the top 100 merchants in 2021, with our largest merchant accounting for approximately 18% of pulse transaction volume. these merchants could seek to negotiate better pricing or other financial incentives by conditioning their continued participation in the discover network and/or pulse network on a change in the terms of their economic participation. loss of acceptance at our largest merchants would decrease transaction volume, negatively impact our brand and could cause customer attrition. in addition, some of our merchants, primarily our remaining small- and mid-size merchants, are not contractually committed to us for any period of time and may cease to participate in the discover network at any time on short notice.
actual or perceived limitations on acceptance of credit cards issued on the discover network or debit cards issued on the pulse network could adversely affect the use of discover cards by existing customers and the attractiveness of discover cards to prospective customers. also, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining network partners if we are unable to add or retain acquirers or merchants who accept cards issued on the discover or pulse networks. as a result of these factors, a reduction in the number of our merchants or the rates they pay could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
-38-
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by merchants' increasing focus on the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks.
merchant acceptance and fees are critical to the success of both our card-issuing and payment processing businesses. merchants are concerned with the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks. they seek to negotiate better pricing or other financial incentives as a condition of continued participation in the discover network and pulse network. during the past few years, merchants and their trade groups have filed numerous lawsuits against visa, mastercard, american express and their card-issuing banks, claiming that their practices toward merchants, including issuer fees, violate federal antitrust laws. there can be no assurance that they will not in the future bring legal proceedings against other credit card and debit card issuers and networks, including us. merchants also may promote forms of payment with lower fees, such as ach-based payments, or seek to impose surcharges at the point of sale for use of credit or debit cards. merchant groups have also promoted federal and state legislation that would restrict issuer practices or enhance the ability of merchants, individually or collectively, to negotiate more favorable fees. the heightened focus by merchants on the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks, together with the dodd-frank act and recent industry litigation, which would allow merchants to encourage customers to use other payment methods or cards and may increase merchant surcharging, could lead to reduced transactions on, or merchant acceptance of, discover network or pulse network cards or reduced fees, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
political, economic or other instability in a country or geographic region, or other unforeseen or catastrophic events, could adversely affect our business activities and reduce our revenue.
geopolitical events, natural disasters, extreme weather-related events or other catastrophic events, including terrorist attacks and pandemics, may have a negative effect on our business and infrastructure, including our information technology systems. climate change may exacerbate certain of these threats, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events and other natural disasters. our diners club network, concentrated primarily on serving the global travel industry, could be adversely affected by a number of factors including international conditions, travel restrictions, pandemics or negative perceptions about the safety of travel that may result in an indefinite decline in consumer or business travel activity. armed conflict, public health emergencies, natural disasters, political instability or terrorism may have a significant and prolonged negative effect on travel activity and related revenue. the covid-19 pandemic has adversely affected, among other things, our diners club network, travel activity and related revenue. although a regionalized event or condition may primarily affect one of our network participants, it may also affect our overall network and card activity and our resulting revenue. overall network and card transaction activity may decline as a result of concerns about safety or disease or may be limited because of economic conditions that result in spending, including on travel, to decline. the impact of such events and other catastrophes on the overall economy may also adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
fraudulent activity associated with our products or our networks could cause our brands to suffer reputational damage, the use of our products to decrease and our fraud losses to be materially adversely affected.
we are subject to the risk of fraudulent activity associated with merchants, customers and other third parties handling customer information. the risk of fraud continues to increase for the financial services industry in general. credit and debit card fraud, identity theft and electronic-transaction related crimes are prevalent and perpetrators are growing ever more sophisticated. while we have policies and procedures designed to address such risk, there can be no assurance that losses will not occur. our resources, customer authentication methods and fraud prevention tools may be insufficient to accurately predict, prevent or detect fraud. we incurred fraud losses and other charges of $92 million and $96 million during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
our risk of fraud continues to increase as third parties that handle confidential consumer information suffer security breaches, acceptance of the discover card grows internationally and we expand our digital banking business and introduce new products and features. our financial condition, the level of our fraud charge-offs and other results of operations could be materially adversely affected if fraudulent activity were to significantly increase. furthermore, high-profile fraudulent activity could negatively impact our brand and reputation. in addition, significant increases in fraudulent activity could lead to regulatory intervention (such as mandatory card reissuance) and reputational and financial damage to our brands, which could negatively impact the use of our deposit accounts, cards and networks and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business. further, fraudulent activity may result in lower license fee revenue from our diners club licensees.
-39-
the financial services and payment services industries are rapidly evolving and we may be unsuccessful in introducing new products or services on a large scale in response to these changes.
technological changes continue to significantly impact the financial services and payment services industries. for example, we may be unsuccessful in deploying new technologies to strengthen our credit underwriting capabilities, enhance the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, ensure acceptance with new payment technologies, enhance customer service, drive efficiencies in back-office functions or reduce fraud. the increasingly competitive mobile, e-wallet and tokenization spaces are expected to continue to bring risks and opportunities to both our digital banking and payment services businesses.
the effect of technological changes on our business is both rapid and unpredictable. we depend, in part, on third parties for the development of and access to new technologies. we expect that new services and technologies relating to the payments business will continue to appear in the market and these new services and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies that we currently use in our products and services. rapidly evolving technologies and new entrants in mobile and emerging payments pose a risk to us both as a card issuer and as a payments business. as a result, our future success may be dependent on our ability to identify and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards and to provide payment solutions for our customers, merchants and financial institution customers.
the process of developing new products and services or enhancing our existing products and services is complex, costly and uncertain. difficulties or delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of new products or services may be caused by a number of factors including, among other things, operational, capital and regulatory constraints. the occurrence of such difficulties may affect the success of our products or services. developing unsuccessful products and services could result in financial losses as well as decreased capital availability. in addition, the new products and services offered may not be adopted by consumers, merchants or financial institution customers. also, the success of a new product or service may depend upon our ability to deliver it on a large scale, which may require a significant capital investment that we may not be in a position to make. if we are unable to successfully introduce and support new income-generating products and services while also managing our expenses, it may impact our ability to compete effectively and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
failure to manage our relationships with third-party service providers could result in our revenue or results of operations being materially adversely affected.
we depend on third-party service providers for many aspects of the operation of our business. for example, we depend on third parties for software and systems development, the timely transmission of information across our data transportation network and for other telecommunications, processing, remittance, technology-related and other services in connection with our digital banking and payment services businesses. if a service provider fails to provide the services that we require or expect, or fails to meet contractual requirements, such as service levels, security requirements or compliance with applicable laws, the failure could negatively impact our business by adversely affecting our ability to process customers' transactions in a secure, consistent, timely and accurate manner, otherwise hampering our ability to serve our customers, or subjecting us to litigation and regulatory risk for poor vendor oversight. such a failure could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of our networks and services, and the quality of our brands, and could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, revenues and/or our results of operations.
at the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, we transitioned nearly all of our employees and non-employee contractors to working from home. as a result, we have grown increasingly dependent on third-party service providers, including those with which we have no direct relationship, such as our employees' internet service providers. furthermore, many of our third party vendors transitioned to working from home. if these third-parties experience disruptions due to the covid-19 pandemic or government measures taken in response to the pandemic, or terminate their agreements due to force majeure drivers related to covid-19, our operations may be interrupted or negatively impacted.
if our key technology platforms become obsolete, or if we experience disruptions, including difficulties in our ability to process transactions, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our ability to deliver services to our customers and run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be affected by the functionality of our technology systems. the implementation of technology changes as well as patches and upgrades to maintain current and integrated systems may result in compliance issues and may, at least temporarily, cause disruptions to our business, including, but not limited to, systems interruptions, transaction
-40-
processing errors and system conversion delays, all of which could have a negative impact on us. in addition, our transaction processing systems and other operational systems may encounter service interruptions at any time due to system or software failure, natural disaster or other reasons. such services could be disrupted at any of our primary or back-up facilities or our other owned or leased facilities. third parties to whom we outsource the maintenance and development of certain technological functionality may experience errors or disruptions that could adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control. in addition, there is no assurance that we will be able to sustain our investment in new technology to avoid obsolescence of critical systems and applications. a failure to maintain current technology, systems and facilities or to control third-party risk, could cause disruptions in the operation of our business, which could materially adversely affect our transaction volumes, revenues, reputation and/or our results of operations.
if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate key officers and employees to drive our business, our business could be materially adversely affected.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to recruit, retain and motivate key officers and employees to manage and grow our business. our senior management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. we believe we are in a critical period of competition in the financial services and payments industry. the market for qualified individuals is highly competitive and we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or candidates to replace or succeed members of our senior management team or other key personnel or it may be expensive to do so. we may be subject to restrictions under future legislation or regulation limiting executive compensation. for example, the federal banking agencies have previously issued proposed rulemaking on incentive compensation practices for certain employees at banking organizations, including executives, and may issue additional rules relating to such activities in the future. these requirements could negatively impact our ability to compete with other companies in attracting, hiring and retaining key personnel and offer incentives that motivate our key personnel to perform and may require us to extensively restructure certain of our existing incentive compensation practices. additionally, the market for individuals with skills in fields such as technology, analytics and payments is increasingly competitive and we may not be able to attract and retain persons with the desired skill set or experience. if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate key personnel to manage and grow our business well, our business could be materially adversely affected.
merchant defaults may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
as an issuer and merchant acquirer in the u.s. on the discover network and as a holder of certain merchant agreements internationally for the diners club network, we may be contingently liable for certain disputed credit card sales transactions that arise between customers and merchants. if a dispute is resolved in the customer's favor, we will cause a credit or refund of the amount to be issued to the customer and charge back the transaction to the merchant or merchant acquirer. if we are unable to collect this amount from the merchant or merchant acquirer, we will bear the loss for the amount credited or refunded to the customer. where the purchased product or service is not provided until some later date following the purchase, such as an airline ticket, the likelihood of potential liability increases. losses related to merchant chargebacks were not material for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020.
damage to our reputation could negatively affect our business and brand.
in recent years, financial services companies have experienced increased reputational risk as consumers protest and regulators scrutinize business and compliance practices of such companies. maintaining a positive reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers, investors and employees. damage to our reputation can therefore cause significant harm to our business and prospects. harm to our reputation can arise from numerous sources, including, among others, employee misconduct; a breach of our or our service providers' cybersecurity defenses; litigation or regulatory outcomes; failing to deliver minimum standards of service and quality; compliance failures; and the activities of customers, business partners and counterparties. social media also can cause harm to our reputation. by its very nature, social media can reach a wide audience in a very short amount of time, which presents unique corporate communications challenges. negative or otherwise undesirable publicity generated through unexpected social media coverage can damage our reputation and brand. negative publicity regarding us, whether or not true, may result in customer attrition and other harm to our business prospects. there has also been increased focus on topics related to environmental, social and corporate governance policies, and criticism of our policies in these areas could also harm our reputation and/or potentially limit our access to some forms of capital or liquidity.
-41-
we may be unsuccessful in promoting and protecting our brands or protecting our other intellectual property, or third parties may allege that we are infringing their intellectual property rights.
the discover, pulse and diners club brands have substantial economic and intangible value. our success is dependent on our ability to promote and protect these brands and our other intellectual property. our ability to attract and retain customers is highly dependent upon the external perception of our company and brands. we strategically license our trademarks to business partners and network participants, some of whom have contractual obligations to promote and develop our brands. for example, the discover card brand is now being issued by certain diners club licensees in their local markets. if our business partners do not adhere to contractual standards, engage in improper business practices, or otherwise misappropriate, misuse or diminish the value of our brands or our other intellectual property, we may suffer reputational and financial damage. if we will not be able to adequately protect our brands, our proprietary information and other intellectual property, our business success may be adversely affected. in addition, third parties may allege that our marketing, processes or systems may infringe upon their intellectual property rights. given the potential risks and uncertainties of such claims, our business could be adversely affected by having to pay significant monetary damages, technology development expenses or licensing fees, and we may have to alter our business practices or be prevented from competing effectively.
laws, regulations and supervisory guidance and practices, or the application thereof, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we must comply with an array of banking, consumer lending and payment services laws and regulations in all jurisdictions in which we operate as described more fully in "business - supervision and regulation", the risk factor entitled "- financial regulatory developments have and will continue to significantly impact the environment for the financial services industry, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments." in addition, we are subject to inquiries and enforcement actions from states' attorney general offices and regulation by the federal trade commission, state banking regulators and the u.s. department of justice, as well as the sec and new york stock exchange in our capacity as a public company. we also are subject to the requirements of entities that set and interpret accounting standards (such as the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"), the sec, banking regulators and our independent registered public accounting firm), which may add new requirements or change their interpretations on how standards should be applied. guidance not yet issued could potentially have a material impact on business lines, as well as how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations, and could have an impact on regulatory capital.
failure to comply with laws, regulations and standards could lead to adverse consequences such as financial, structural, reputational and operational penalties, including our bank subsidiary being placed in receivership, litigation exposure and disgorgement and fines (as described further below). for example, failure to comply with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and other laws regarding corporate conduct, can expose us and/or individual employees to severe criminal and civil penalties.
legislative, regulatory and tax code changes could impact the profitability of our business activities, alter consumer behavior in ways we did not anticipate, require us to limit or change our business practices or our product offerings, or expose us to additional costs (including increased compliance costs). significant changes in laws and regulations may have a more adverse effect on our results of operations than on the results of our competitors or may disproportionately benefit our competitors.
current and proposed laws and regulations addressing consumer privacy and data use and security could affect the competitiveness of our products and increase our costs.
legal or regulatory pronouncements relating to consumer privacy, data use and security affect our business. we are subject to a number of laws concerning consumer privacy and data use and security such as the european union's general data privacy regulation and the california consumer privacy act. due to recent consumer data compromise events in the u.s., which resulted in unauthorized access to millions of customers' data, these areas continue to be a focus of the u.s. executive branch and congress, state legislators and attorneys general and other regulators. developments in this area, such as new laws, regulations, regulatory guidance, litigation or enforcement actions, could result in new or different requirements on discover and other card issuers or networks that could increase costs or adversely affect the competitiveness of our credit card or debit card products. see the discussion on recent security developments in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments" for more information. in addition, failure to comply with the privacy and data use and security laws and regulations to which we are subject, including by reason of inadvertent disclosure of
-42-
confidential information or the failure to provide timely notification of a disclosure, could result in litigation, fines, sanctions, penalties or other adverse consequences and loss of consumer confidence, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, overall business and reputation.
litigation and regulatory actions could subject us to significant fines, penalties and/or requirements resulting in increased expenses, oversight and reputation risk.
consumer banking and payment services institutions have historically been subject to significant legal actions, both from private and government litigants. in addition to regulatory actions, private litigants may include class action lawsuits and commercial, shareholder and patent litigation. many of these actions have included claims for substantial compensatory, statutory or punitive damages. in addition, we have been and may again be involved in various actions or proceedings brought by governmental regulatory and enforcement agencies, which could cause reputational harm, require changes to business activities and product offerings, or subject us to significant fines, penalties, customer restitution or other requirements, resulting in increased expenses. see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on current matters affecting us.
historically, we have offered customers an arbitration clause in agreements to quickly and economically resolve disputes. the arbitration clause has, in some cases, also limited our exposure to consumer class action litigation, while still being able to resolve individual customer disputes. however, there is no guarantee that we will be able to continue to offer arbitration clauses in the future or that we will be successful in enforcing the arbitration clause in court. legal challenges to the enforceability of these clauses may cause us to discontinue their use. in addition to court enforceability uncertainty, there have been bills pending in the u.s. congress to directly or indirectly prohibit the use of pre-dispute arbitration clauses in some or all consumer banking products.
we may be limited in our ability to pay dividends on and repurchase our stock.
we increased our quarterly common stock dividend in 2021 to $0.50 per share, an increase of $0.06 per share from the previous rate of $0.44 per share and repurchased approximately 6.2% of our outstanding common stock under our share repurchase program in 2021. the declaration and payment of future dividends, as well as the amount thereof, are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. the amount and size of any future dividends and share repurchases will depend upon regulatory limitations imposed by the federal reserve and our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory review and other factors as further described in "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases." holders of our shares of common stock are subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or the depositary shares representing such preferred stock outstanding. no dividend may be declared or paid on or set aside for payment on our common stock if full dividends have not been declared and paid on all outstanding shares of our preferred stock in any dividend period. banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit or prohibit our payment of dividends on or our repurchase of our stock at any time. there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends on or repurchase our stock in the future.
we are a holding company and depend on payments from our subsidiaries.
discover financial services, our parent holding company, depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries, particularly discover bank, to fund its dividend payments, share repurchases, payments on its obligations, including debt obligations, and to provide funding and capital as needed to its operating subsidiaries. banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit or prohibit our transfer of funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries, at any time. these laws, regulations and rules may hinder our ability to access funds that we may need to make payments on our obligations or otherwise achieve strategic objectives. for more information, see "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases."
special note regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k and materials we have filed or will file with the sec (as well as information included in our other written or oral statements) contain or will contain certain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. words such as "expects," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "forecasts," and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "should," "would," and "could," are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. you should not rely solely on the forward-looking statements and should consider all uncertainties and risks throughout this annual
-43-
report on form 10-k, including those described under "risk factors." the statements are only as of the date they are made and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.
possible events or factors that could cause results or performance to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements include the following:
•the effect of the covid-19 pandemic and measures taken to mitigate the pandemic, including their impact on our credit quality and business operations as well as their impact on general economic and financial markets;
•changes in economic variables, such as the availability of consumer credit, the housing market, energy costs, the number and size of personal bankruptcy filings, the rate of unemployment, the levels of consumer confidence and consumer debt and investor sentiment;
•the impact of current, pending and future legislation, regulation, supervisory guidance and regulatory and legal actions, including, but not limited to, those related to accounting guidance, tax reform, financial regulatory reform, consumer financial services practices, anti-corruption and funding, capital and liquidity;
•the actions and initiatives of current and potential competitors;
•our ability to manage our expenses;
•our ability to successfully achieve card acceptance across our networks and maintain relationships with network participants and merchants;
•our ability to sustain our card, private student loan and personal loan growth;
•our ability to increase or sustain discover card usage or attract new customers;
•difficulty obtaining regulatory approval for financing, closing, transitioning, integrating or managing the expenses of acquisitions of or investments in new businesses, products or technologies;
•our ability to manage our credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk and strategic risk;
•the availability and cost of funding and capital;
•access to deposit, securitization, equity, debt and credit markets;
•the impact of rating agency actions;
•the level and volatility of equity prices, commodity prices and interest rates, currency values, investments, other market fluctuations and other market indices;
•losses in our investment portfolio;
•limits on our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock;
•limits on our ability to receive payments from our subsidiaries;
•fraudulent activities or material security breaches of our or others' key systems;
•our ability to remain organizationally effective;
•the effect of political, economic and market conditions, geopolitical events, climate change and unforeseen or catastrophic events;
•our ability to introduce new products or services;
•our ability to manage our relationships with third-party vendors, as well as those with which we have no direct relationship such as our employees' internet service providers;
•our ability to maintain current technology and integrate new and acquired systems and technology;
•our ability to collect amounts for disputed transactions from merchants and merchant acquirers;
•our ability to attract and retain employees;
•our ability to protect our reputation and our intellectual property;
•our ability to comply with regulatory requirements; and
•new lawsuits, investigations or similar matters or unanticipated developments related to current matters.
-44-
we routinely evaluate and may pursue acquisitions of or investments in businesses, products, technologies, loan portfolios or deposits, which may involve payment in cash or our debt or equity securities.
the foregoing review of important factors should not be construed as exclusive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this annual report on form 10-k. these factors expressly qualify all subsequent oral and written forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. except for any ongoing obligations to disclose material information as required under u.s. federal securities laws, we do not have any intention or obligation to update forward-looking statements after we distribute this annual report on form 10-k, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
-45-
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis constitutes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k particularly under "risk factors" and "special note regarding forward-looking statements," which immediately follows "risk factors." unless otherwise specified, references to notes to our consolidated financial statements are to the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2021 and 2020 and for years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
introduction and overview discover financial services ("dfs") is a digital banking and payment services company. we provide digital banking products and services and payment services through our subsidiaries. we offer our customers credit card loans, private student loans, personal loans, home loans and deposit products. we also operate the discover network, the pulse network ("pulse") and diners club international ("diners club"), collectively known as the discover global network. the discover network processes transactions for discover-branded credit and debit cards and provides payment transaction processing and settlement services. pulse operates an electronic funds transfer network, providing financial institutions issuing debit cards on the pulse network with access to atms domestically and internationally and merchant acceptance throughout the united states of america ("u.s.") for debit card transactions. diners club is a global payments network of licensees, which are generally financial institutions, that issue diners club branded credit and charge cards and/or provide card acceptance services.
our primary revenues consist of interest income earned on loan receivables and fees earned from customers, financial institutions, merchants and issuers. the primary expenses required to operate our business include funding costs (interest expense), credit loss provisions, customer rewards and expenses incurred to grow, manage and service our loan receivables and networks. our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables and the issuance of unsecured debt.
covid-19 pandemic response and impact the coronavirus disease 2019 ("covid-19") pandemic has continued to have a widespread and unprecedented impact on a global scale. while the u.s. economy continues to recover from a brief but severe recession triggered by the covid-19 pandemic, its future effects are uncertain and it may be difficult to assess or predict the extent of the impacts of the pandemic on us as many factors are beyond our control and knowledge. for a discussion of the risks we face with respect to the covid-19 pandemic, the associated economic uncertainty, the steps taken to mitigate the pandemic and the resulting economic contraction, see "risk factors" in part i of this annual report on form 10-k. this section includes a discussion of the significant areas of potential impact on us of the covid-19 pandemic and specific actions we are taking or expect to take in this time of uncertainty.
financial results and outlook during 2021, the u.s. economy showed strong recovery from a brief but severe recession in 2020 caused by the covid-19 pandemic. the easing of certain covid-19 containment measures fostered economic expansion, and government stimulus and disaster relief programs increased consumer liquidity which positively impacted credit performance and elevated payment rates.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, net income was $5.4 billion, or $17.83 per diluted share, compared to $1.1 billion, or $3.60 per diluted share, for the prior year. in comparing to the prior year, we saw an increase in sales volume, as well as increases in total loans and credit card loans. we also reduced our allowance for credit losses at december 31, 2021 as compared to december 31, 2020. refer to "- loan quality - provision and allowance for credit losses" for more details on the current period allowance for credit losses.
for our 2022 outlook, we expect loans to grow based on current expectations of sales trends and recent account growth, further aided by an expected slight decline in payment rates. net interest margin is expected to remain relatively flat to 2021, with some variability from quarter to quarter. we expect the total net charge-offs rate to increase due to credit normalization from historically low levels in 2021. we remain committed to disciplined expense management and will continue to make investments for profitable long-term growth.
-49-
regulatory and legislative federal, state and local governments and independent banking agencies have taken extraordinary measures to support the u.s. economy and mitigate the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on the economy and society at large. these policies have included regulatory relief and flexibility to financial institutions, liquidity to capital markets and financial support to businesses and consumers, including fiscal stimulus, payment forbearance, small business lending programs, increased unemployment payments and other forms of assistance. lawmakers continue to offer proposals in an attempt to mitigate harm to the economy and consumers. the ultimate impact of these programs and policies, as well as from their expiration, on our business, results of operations and financial condition is difficult to quantify and may not be known for some time. for more information, see "- regulatory environment and developments" below.
loan receivables and allowance for credit losses at the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, we continued to lend to customers but tightened our credit standards for new accounts and for growing existing accounts across all products in our loan portfolio. additionally, we temporarily reduced our customer acquisition and brand marketing in response to the significant economic downturn caused by the covid-19 pandemic. as a result of the strong credit performance observed and positive economic outlook, we returned most of our underwriting criteria to pre-pandemic standards during the second quarter of 2021. additionally, we increased our credit card and private student loan marketing and business development spend in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2021 to support our loan growth initiatives.
in 2021, we decreased our allowance for credit losses in anticipation of lower credit losses driven by improving macroeconomic forecasts and continued stable credit performance. our allowance for credit losses includes the risk associated with all loans and considers the effects of all loan modifications, including troubled debt restructurings ("tdrs") and loan modifications exempt from the tdr designation under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act ("cares act"). as of december 31, 2021, the allowance for credit losses took into account our best estimate of the impact of both active and expired economic support and disaster relief programs put in place by federal and state governments and agencies to mitigate the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic. it is unclear whether the measures employed to date are complete or whether federal and state governments and agencies may take additional actions that could impact our business. for example, president biden extended the freeze on federal student loan repayments to may 1, 2022, while the expanded federal child tax credit and child and dependent care credit expired on december 31, 2021. refer to "- loan quality" for more details regarding these and other assumptions used to estimate the current period allowance for credit losses.
capital and liquidity as financial and capital markets conditions improved throughout 2021, we exercised prudent stewardship of our liquidity and deposit balances, which grew rapidly at the onset of the pandemic. credit spreads tightened materially and remained near record-low levels as of december 31, 2021. consequently, we opportunistically issued $1.8 billion of credit card asset-backed securities during the third quarter of 2021. we also diversified our funding channels by becoming a member of the fhlb chicago. furthermore, we acted to stem our deposit balance growth by spending less on marketing and lowering our deposit rates, which helped return our liquidity portfolio balances to pre-pandemic levels by december 31, 2021.
we remain well-capitalized with capital ratios in excess of regulatory minimums and took prudent actions to preserve and augment our capital when the macroeconomic and operating environment turned uncertain last year. our capital levels allow us to return excess capital to shareholders through share repurchases and finance loan receivable growth as customers moderate loan payment rates and continue to increase spending as certain covid-19 containment measures ease and the economy more fully recovers from the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic.
payment services as governments across the world have taken steps to minimize the transmission of covid-19, the number of cross-border transactions processed on the discover global network has declined. certain negatively impacted categories such as travel may have an outsized impact on some of our diners club franchisees. the impacts from the covid-19 pandemic may result in lasting changes in consumer payment behaviors, such as a shift from credit to debit, a decline in the use of cash, increasing online sales and rapid adoption of contactless payment. as economic uncertainty persists, these shifts may continue to result in changes to the payment services segment's results of operations.
-50-
fair value and impairments with the uncertain nature of the pandemic's overall impact on the economy, we continue to assess the effects of covid-19 with respect to our goodwill, investment securities and other long-term assets. see note 7: goodwill and intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements for more information on the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on intangible assets.
business continuity and operations we have managed the risk of covid-19 by giving all non-essential employees the choice to work from home or to come into our physical locations with appropriate health and safety measures and capacity limitations. notwithstanding the shift to work-from-home, we have been able to successfully operate with no significant impact to our operations or service levels. as a result, upon the return to our physical locations, we will offer flexible work-from-home arrangements that will provide our employees the option to work remotely on a more frequent basis than before the pandemic.
operational changes necessitated by the rapid shift in employee location have not thus far had a material adverse effect on us or our financial condition; however, the shift has caused us to grow increasingly dependent on third-party service providers, including those with which we have no direct relationship such as our employees' internet service providers. for more information on the risks associated with reliance on third-party service providers and the shift to work from home, see our risk factors disclosed in "risk factors" in part i of this annual report on form 10-k.
regulatory environment and developments covid-19 economic recovery as the u.s. and global economies attempt to normalize from the covid-19 pandemic, the administration and banking agencies continue to evaluate whether additional actions are warranted to assist consumers, financial institutions and the overall economy.
in addition, the u.s. congress has taken legislative action to address the economic disruptions caused by the covid-19 pandemic, including the march 2020 cares act and december 2020 omnibus and covid relief and response act. additionally in march 2021, the american rescue plan act of 2021 ("arpa"), contained additional stimulus payments, increased unemployment benefits and increased small business funding under the payment protection program. the arpa also significantly increased and expanded the child tax credit for one year and provides additional funding for rental assistance programs. these congressional efforts offered financial assistance and benefits to consumers and small businesses.
as the covid-19 pandemic and recovery continues, additional legislative and regulatory action may be proposed and could include provisions that significantly impact our prospects and business practices. the impact of these legislative and regulatory initiatives on our business, the economy and the u.s. consumer will depend upon a wide variety of factors, some of which are yet to be identified.
banking capital standards and stress testing as a bank holding company, dfs is subject to mandatory supervisory stress tests every other year and is required to submit annual capital plans to the federal reserve based on forward-looking internal analysis of income and capital levels under expected and stressful conditions. dfs is also subject to capital buffer requirements, including the stress capital buffer ("scb"), which requires maintenance of regulatory capital levels above a threshold established based on the results of supervisory stress tests after accounting for planned dividend payments.
due to economic uncertainty from the covid-19 pandemic, the federal reserve restricted capital distributions in 2020 and the beginning of 2021. following an announcement by the federal reserve on june 24, 2021, these restrictions were lifted and, effective june 30, 2021, dfs was authorized to make capital distributions that are consistent with the federal reserve's capital rule, inclusive of dfs' final scb requirement of 3.5% that was previously announced by the federal reserve on august 10, 2020, and that remained in effect until the conclusion of the 2021 comprehensive capital and analysis review ("ccar") process and the subsequent, related announcement of dfs' adjusted scb requirement.
-51-
on january 19, 2021, the federal reserve finalized regulatory amendments that made targeted changes to the capital planning, regulatory reporting and scb requirements for firms subject to category iv standards, including dfs, to be consistent with the federal reserve's regulatory tailoring framework. the final rules generally align to instructions the federal reserve previously provided to category iv firms regarding their respective capital plan submissions. the amended rules also provide category iv firms with the option to submit to supervisory stress tests during off years if they wish for the federal reserve to reset the stress test portion of their scb requirement. in connection with the final rulemaking, the federal reserve revised the scope of application of its existing regulatory guidance for capital planning to align with the tailoring framework. however, the timing and substance of any additional changes to existing guidance or new guidance are uncertain.
on june 24, 2021, the federal reserve publicly announced the results of its supervisory stress tests for the firms required to participate in the 2021 ccar process. in accordance with the capital plan rule amendments that were finalized in january 2021, dfs elected not to participate in the 2021 supervisory stress tests. nevertheless, dfs was required to submit a capital plan based on a forward-looking internal assessment of income and capital under baseline and stressful conditions. this plan was submitted by dfs to the federal reserve on april 5, 2021. the federal reserve used our 2021 capital plan submission to assess its capital planning process and positions and on august 5, 2021, announced dfs' adjusted scb requirement of 3.6% to reflect dfs' planned common stock dividends. this adjusted scb is effective as of october 1, 2021.
london interbank offered rate on july 27, 2017, the uk financial conduct authority ("fca") announced that it would no longer encourage or compel banks to continue to contribute quotes and maintain the london interbank offered rate ("libor") after 2021. to support a smooth transition away from libor, the federal reserve and the federal reserve bank of new york convened the alternative reference rates committee ("arrc"), a group of private-market participants tasked with facilitating a successful transition from u.s. dollar ("usd") libor to a more robust reference rate. the arrc initially identified the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as its recommended alternative reference rate for usd libor. the arrc has also established several priorities and milestones to support the use of sofr and sofr-based indices, including developing contractual fallback language for capital markets and consumer products; providing clarity on legal, tax, accounting and regulatory matters; promoting broad outreach and education efforts around the libor transition; and recommending spread adjustments for sofr and sofr-based indices, which will be of critical importance to market participants once usd libor settings cease in 2023.
with regard to recent libor transition developments, on march 5, 2021, the fca announced the future cessation and loss of representativeness for all libor benchmark settings. while non-usd and several less frequently referenced usd libor settings ceased publication immediately after december 31, 2021, commonly referenced usd libor settings will cease publication immediately after june 30, 2023; this future cessation event will trigger fallback provisions in many financial contracts to convert their benchmark index from libor to an alternative rate. on july 29, 2021, the arrc announced its recommendation of forward-looking term rates based on sofr as additional alternative reference rate options.
on december 7, 2021, the consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb") finalized a rule to facilitate transition from libor, which is effective april 1, 2022. specifically, this final rule provides guidance on libor replacements and the libor transition for purposes of regulation z. we have been communicating with the cfpb regarding our plans for the libor transition.
a cross-functional team is overseeing and managing our transition away from the use of libor. this team assesses evolving industry and marketplace norms and conventions for libor-indexed instruments, evaluates the impacts stemming from the future cessation of libor publication and oversees and takes actions to transition our libor exposures to alternative benchmark rates, usually sofr. our existing libor exposures are limited primarily to two instruments - variable-rate student loans and capital markets securities.
as of december 31, 2021, libor-indexed variable-rate loans comprised approximately 44% of our private student loan portfolio and approximately 5% of our aggregate loan portfolio. these outstanding student loans indexed to libor will convert to a sofr index in 2023 when 3-month usd libor will no longer be published. u.s. banking regulators have directed banks to cease entering into new contracts that use usd libor as a reference rate after december 31, 2021. therefore, as of november 2021, we no longer originate new variable-rate student loans indexed to libor. instead, new originations of such loans are indexed solely to 3-month term sofr published by the chicago mercantile exchange ("cme").
-52-
we ceased entering into new libor-indexed interest rate derivatives in 2018 and have since actively reduced libor exposures in our derivatives portfolio. during the third quarter of 2021, we terminated our last libor-indexed interest rate swap maturing after june 2023; our one remaining libor-indexed interest rate swap matured in january 2022.
most of our capital markets securities indexed to usd libor are floating-rate asset-backed securities. beginning in 2018, we included fallback provisions in all newly-issued securities that will facilitate an orderly transition from libor to an appropriate reference rate, which may be based on sofr, once 1- and 3-month libor cease to be published after june 2023. approximately $1.5 billion of our capital markets securities that mature after june 2023 with no fallback provisions would be covered under new york libor legislation or pending federal legislation, which would preempt the new york libor legislation. this legislation would allow us to replace the libor index with sofr under a safe harbor provision. approximately $500 million of our capital markets securities have a rate reset in august 2023 that contains a fallback provision that may not be covered under the new york libor legislation or the pending federal legislation; however, we may decide to exercise our right to call and redeem those securities on their reset date.
we have prepared for the cessation of usd libor by taking steps to avoid new exposures and actively reduce our remaining exposures. we completed scheduled transition work before year-end 2021, including providing our stakeholders with information about the cessation of usd libor and how it will affect their contracts with us. the transition process will continue through the end of 2023.
consumer financial services the cfpb regulates consumer financial products and services and examines certain providers of consumer financial products and services, including discover. the cfpb's authority includes rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement powers with respect to federal consumer protection laws; preventing "unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices" and ensuring that consumers have access to fair, transparent and competitive financial products and services. historically, the cfpb's policy priorities focused on several financial products of the type we offer (e.g. credit cards and other consumer lending products). in addition, the cfpb is required by statute to undertake certain actions including its biennial review of the consumer credit card market.
former federal trade commissioner rohit chopra was sworn in as the director of the cfpb on october 12, 2021. under director chopra's leadership, the cfpb's priorities are expected to focus on, among other things, increased enforcement of existing consumer protection laws, with a particular focus on unfair, deceptive and abusive acts and practices and fair lending, student lending and servicing, debt collection and credit reporting. additionally, the cfpb released an inquiry on fees charged to consumers for financial products, including credit cards and banking products. enhanced regulatory requirements, potential supervisory findings, or enforcement actions and ratings could negatively impact our ability to implement certain consumer-focused enhancements to product features and functionality and business strategies, limit or change our business practices, limit our consumer product offerings, cause us to invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts or limit our ability to obtain related required regulatory approvals. the additional expense, time and resources needed to comply with ongoing or new regulatory requirements may adversely impact the cost of and access to credit for consumers and results of business operations.
in december 2020, certain of our subsidiaries entered into a consent order with the cfpb regarding identified private student loan servicing practices. see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information.
data security and privacy policymakers at the federal and state levels remain focused on enhancing data security and data breach incident response requirements. furthermore, regulations and legislation at various levels of government have been proposed and enacted to augment consumer data privacy standards. the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa") creates a broad set of privacy rights and remedies modeled in part on the european union's general data protection regulation. the ccpa went into effect on january 1, 2020, and the california attorney general's final regulations became effective on august 14, 2020, with enforcement beginning july 1, 2020. the california privacy rights act ("cpra"), a ballot measure led by the original proponent of the ccpa, passed on november 3, 2020, and largely enters into force on january 1, 2023. the cpra replaces the ccpa to enhance consumer privacy protections further and creates a new california privacy protection agency ("cppa"). in september 2021, the cppa board initiated the cpra regulatory phase by issuing a request for preliminary comments. while the cpra retains an exemption for information collected,
-53-
processed, sold, or disclosed subject to the gramm-leach-bliley act, we continue to evaluate the impact of the cpra on our businesses and other providers of consumer financial services.
environmental, social and governance matters environmental, social and governance ("esg") issues, including climate change, human capital and governance practices, are a significant area of focus by lawmakers, regulatory agencies, shareholders and other stakeholders. proposed legislation and rulemakings have been issued or are being considered, including proposals to require disclosure of climate and other esg metrics and risks. the potential impact to us of these legislative and regulatory developments is uncertain at this time.
results of operations the discussion below provides a summary of our results of operations and information about our loan receivables as of and for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. refer to our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, for discussion of our results of operations and loan receivables information as of and for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
segments we manage our business activities in two segments, digital banking and payment services, based on the products and services provided. for a detailed description of the operations of each segment, as well as the allocation conventions used in our business segment reporting, see note 22: segment disclosures to our consolidated financial statements.
the following table presents segment data (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                   2020                            2019
digital banking interest income credit card loans                               $8,717                          $8,985                          $9,690
private student loans                              742                             754                             817
personal loans                                     878                             958                             983
other loans                                        114                             106                              70
other interest income                              200                             292                             432
total interest income                           10,651                          11,095                          11,992
interest expense                                 1,134                           1,865                           2,530
net interest income                              9,517                           9,230                           9,462
provision for credit losses(1)                     218                           5,134                           3,233
other income                                     1,781                           1,459                           1,648
other expense                                    4,549                           4,292                           4,231
income before income tax expense                 6,531                           1,263                           3,646
payment services net interest income                                  -                               -                               1
provision for credit losses(1)                       -                               -                             (2)
other income                                       789                             399                             348
other expense                                      256                             227                             162
income before income tax expense                   533                             172                             189
total income before income tax expense          $7,064                          $1,435                          $3,835
(1)prior to adoption of accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, credit losses were estimated using the incurred loss approach.
-54-
the following table presents information on transaction volume (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                          2020                              2019
network transaction volume pulse network                                      $247,913                          $212,081                          $192,067
network partners                                     40,707                            31,917                            25,368
diners club(1)                                       25,937                            24,236                            33,967
total payment services                              314,557                           268,234                           251,402
discover network - proprietary(2)                   188,960                           148,754                           151,243
total network transaction volume                   $503,517                          $416,988                          $402,645
transactions processed on networks discover network                                      3,259                             2,624                             2,717
pulse network                                         5,632                             4,954                             4,788
total transaction processed on networks               8,891                             7,578                             7,505
credit card volume discover card volume(3)                            $192,755                          $153,943                          $160,283
discover card sales volume(4)                      $182,125                          $142,800                          $146,183
(1)diners club volume is derived from data provided by licensees for diners club branded cards issued outside north america and is subject to subsequent revision or amendment.
(2)represents gross discover card sales volume on the discover network.
(3)represents discover card activity related to sales net of returns, balance transfers, cash advances and other activity.
(4)represents discover card activity related to sales net of returns.
digital banking our digital banking segment reported pretax income of $6.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, as compared to $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020.
net interest income increased for the year ended december 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily driven by lower funding costs, partially offset by a lower average level of outstanding loan receivables and lower yields on loans. interest income decreased over prior year primarily due to a lower average level of card loan receivables, driven by higher payment rates, as well as lower yields on loans due to lower market rates. interest expense decreased compared to the prior year due to a decrease in deposit pricing, lower costs associated with declines in average market rates, a lower level of funding requirements, a shift in the mix to lower cost funding and higher coupon maturities.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, the provision for credit losses decreased as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to a reserve release in the current period compared to a reserve build in the prior period and lower net charge-offs. the reserve release during the year ended december 31, 2021, was primarily driven by improvements in the macroeconomic forecast and continued stable credit performance, partially offset by modest credit card loan receivables growth during the period. the reserve build during the year ended december 31, 2020, was primarily due to the unfavorable change in economic outlook resulting from the covid-19 pandemic. for a detailed discussion on provision for credit losses, see "- loan quality - provision and allowance for credit losses."
total other income for the digital banking segment increased for the year ended december 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, due to an increase in discount and interchange revenue. the increase in discount and interchange revenue was partially offset by an increase in rewards costs, both of which were the result of higher sales volume.
total other expense increased for the year ended december 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to increases in marketing and business development, employee compensation and benefits and professional fees. marketing and business development increased due to growth investments, primarily in card, and increased brand marketing. employee compensation and benefits increased as a result of higher bonus accruals and higher average salaries, partially offset by lower headcount. the professional fees increase was driven primarily by an increase in recovery fees.
-55-
discover card sales volume was $182.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, which was an increase of 27.5% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. this volume growth was primarily driven by higher consumer spending across all spending categories, reflecting the easing of covid-19 restrictions, continued economic expansion and government stimulus programs.
payment services our payment services segment reported pretax income of $533 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, as compared to pretax income of $172 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase in segment pretax income was primarily due to unrealized gains on equity investments. unrealized gains on equity investments are the result of investments in payment services entities that are carried at fair value because the shares are actively traded. the increase was partially offset by the existence of realized gains on equity investments in the prior year but not in the current year.
critical accounting estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. ("gaap"), management must make judgments and use estimates and assumptions about the effects of matters that are uncertain. for estimates that involve a high degree of judgment and subjectivity, it is possible that different estimates could reasonably be derived for the same period. for estimates that are particularly sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions, significant changes to the estimated amount from period to period are also possible. management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and, in certain cases, could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition. management has identified the estimates related to our allowance for credit losses as a critical accounting estimate.
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses was $6.8 billion at december 31, 2021, which reflects a $1.4 billion release from the amount of the allowance for credit losses at december 31, 2020. the allowance for credit losses represents management's estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of our financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain off-balance sheet loan commitments. changes in the allowance for credit losses, and in the related provision for credit losses, can materially affect net income.
in estimating the expected credit losses, we use a combination of statistically-based models and qualitative analysis. there is a significant amount of judgment applied in selecting inputs and analyzing the results produced to estimate the allowance for credit losses. for more information on these judgments and our accounting policies and methodologies used to determine the allowance for credit losses, see "- loan quality," note 4: loan receivables and note 2: summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements.
one of the key assumptions requiring significant judgment in estimating the current expected credit losses on a quarterly basis is the determination of the macroeconomic forecasts used in the loss forecast models. for the reasonable and supportable loss forecast period, we consider forecasts of multiple economic scenarios that generally include a base scenario with one or more optimistic (upside) or pessimistic (downside) scenarios. these scenarios incorporate a variety of macroeconomic variables, including annualized gross domestic product growth and unemployment rate. the scenarios that are chosen each quarter and the amount of weighting given to each scenario depend on a variety of factors including recent economic events, leading economic indicators, views of internal and third-party economists and industry trends. assumptions about the macroeconomic environment are inherently uncertain and, as a result, actual changes in the allowance for credit losses may be different from the simulated scenario presented below.
to demonstrate the sensitivity of the estimated credit losses to the macroeconomic scenarios, we compared the modeled credit losses determined using our base and one or more adverse macroeconomic scenarios. if we applied 100% weight to the most adverse scenario in our sensitivity analysis to reflect the economic deterioration from the resurgence of covid-19 and resulting economic restrictions, our allowance for credit losses would increase by approximately $166 million at december 31, 2021.
the sensitivity disclosed above is hypothetical. it is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one factor or input, such as the weighting of macroeconomic forecasts, might affect the overall allowance for credit losses because we
-56-
consider a variety of factors and inputs in estimating the allowance for credit losses. the macroeconomic scenarios used are constructed with interrelated projections of multiple economic variables, and loss estimates are produced that consider the historical correlation of those economic variables with credit losses. the inputs in the macroeconomic scenarios may not change at the same rate and may not be consistent across all geographies or product types, and changes in factors and inputs may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor or input may offset deterioration in others. as a result, the sensitivity analysis above does not necessarily reflect the nature and extent of future changes in the allowance for credit losses. it is intended to provide insights into the impact of different judgments about the economy on our modeled loss estimates for the loan portfolio and does not imply any expectation of future losses. furthermore, the hypothetical increase in our allowance for credit losses for loans does not incorporate the impact of management judgment for qualitative factors applied in the current allowance for credit losses, which may have a positive or negative effect on the results.
the overall economic environment directly impacts the macroeconomic variables that are used in the loss forecast models. if management used different assumptions about the economic environment in estimating expected credit losses, the impact to the allowance for credit losses could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. in addition, if we experience a rapidly changing economic environment, as experienced recently under the covid-19 pandemic, the uncertainty around the credit loss forecasts may increase, both due to the uncertainty of the economic forecasts and the challenges our models may have in incorporating them.
earnings summary the following table outlines changes in our consolidated statements of income (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,                                           2021 vs. 2020                                             2020 vs. 2019
(decrease) increase                                       (decrease) increase
2021                                                                                                  2020                            2019                                        $              %                                          $              %
interest income                                               $10,651                         $11,095                         $11,993                    $(444)                           (4)    %                 $(898)                           (7)    %
interest expense                                                1,134                           1,865                           2,530                     (731)                          (39)    %                  (665)                          (26)    %
net interest income                                             9,517                           9,230                           9,463                       287                             3    %                  (233)                           (2)    %
provision for credit losses(1)                                    218                           5,134                           3,231                   (4,916)                          (96)    %                  1,903                            59    %
net interest income after provision for credit losses           9,299                           4,096                           6,232                     5,203                           127    %                (2,136)                          (34)    %
other income                                                    2,570                           1,858                           1,996                       712                            38    %                  (138)                           (7)    %
other expense                                                   4,805                           4,519                           4,393                       286                             6    %                    126                             3    %
income before income tax expense                                7,064                           1,435                           3,835                     5,629                           392    %                (2,400)                          (63)    %
income tax expense                                              1,615                             294                             878                     1,321                           449    %                  (584)                          (67)    %
net income                                                     $5,449                          $1,141                          $2,957                    $4,308                           378    %               $(1,816)                          (61)    %
net income allocated to common stockholders                    $5,351                          $1,104                          $2,908                    $4,247                           385    %               $(1,804)                          (62)    %
(1)prior to the adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, credit losses were estimated using the incurred loss approach.
-57-
net interest income the tables that follow this section have been provided to supplement the discussion below and provide further analysis of net interest income, net interest margin and the impact of rate and volume changes on net interest income. net interest income represents the difference between interest income earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred to finance those assets. we analyze net interest income in total by calculating net interest margin (net interest income as a percentage of average total loan receivables) and net yield on interest-earning assets (net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets). we also separately consider the impact of the level of loan receivables and the related interest yield and the impact of the cost of funds related to each of our funding sources, along with the income generated by our liquidity portfolio, on net interest income.
our interest-earning assets consist of: (i) cash and cash equivalents primarily related to amounts on deposit with the federal reserve bank of philadelphia; (ii) restricted cash; (iii) other short-term investments; (iv) investment securities; and (v) loan receivables. our interest-bearing liabilities consist primarily of deposits, both direct-to-consumer and brokered, and long-term borrowings, including amounts owed to securitization investors. the following factors influence net interest income:
•the level and composition of loan receivables, including the proportion of credit card loans to other loans, as well as the proportion of loan receivables bearing interest at promotional rates as compared to standard rates;
•the credit performance of our loans, particularly with regard to charge-offs of finance charges, which reduce interest income;
•the terms of long-term borrowings and certificates of deposit upon initial offering, including maturity and interest rate;
•the interest rates necessary to attract and maintain direct-to-consumer deposits;
•the level and composition of other interest-earning assets, including our liquidity portfolio and interest-bearing liabilities;
•changes in the interest rate environment, including the levels of interest rates and the relationships among interest rate indices, such as the prime rate, the federal funds rate, interest rate on excess reserves and libor; and
•the effectiveness of interest rate swaps in our interest rate risk management program.
net interest income increased for the year ended december 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily driven by lower funding costs, partially offset by a lower average level of outstanding loan receivables and lower yields on loans. interest income decreased over prior year primarily due to a lower average level of card loan receivables, driven by higher payment rates, as well as lower yields on loans due to lower market rates. interest expense decreased compared to the prior year due to a decrease in deposit pricing, lower costs associated with declines in average market rates, a lower level of funding requirements, a shift in the mix to lower cost funding and higher coupon maturities.
-58-
average balance sheet analysis
(dollars in millions)
for the years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2020                                                                                2019
average balance                    yield/rate                  interest                  average balance                    yield/rate                  interest                     average                    yield/rate                  interest balance assets interest-earning assets cash and cash equivalents                                   $14,236                            0.13     %                  $18                       $11,348                            0.30     %                  $35                      $9,667                         2.27     %                 $219
restricted cash                                                 695                            0.03     %                        nm                      438                            0.45     %                    2                         620                         2.24     %                   14
other short-term investments                                    176                            0.12     %                        nm                    2,677                            0.14     %                    4                         754                         2.66     %                   20
investment securities                                         8,713                            2.09     %                  182                        11,431                            2.21     %                  252                       7,603                         2.35     %                  179
loan receivables(1)
credit card loans(2)                                         69,365                           12.57     %                8,717                        71,447                           12.58     %                8,985                      72,740                        13.32     %                9,690
private student loans                                        10,057                            7.38     %                  742                         9,890                            7.63     %                  754                       9,559                         8.54     %                  817
personal loans                                                6,945                           12.64     %                  878                         7,406                           12.93     %                  958                       7,522                        13.07     %                  983
other                                                         2,054                            5.57     %                  114                         1,660                            6.35     %                  105                       1,065                         6.63     %                   71
total loan receivables                                       88,421                           11.82     %               10,451                        90,403                           11.95     %               10,802                      90,886                        12.72     %               11,561
total interest-earning assets                               112,241                            9.49     %               10,651                       116,297                            9.54     %               11,095                     109,530                        10.95     %               11,993
allowance for credit losses(3)                              (7,351)                                                                                  (7,301)                                                                                (3,167)
other assets                                                  6,237                                                                                    5,853                                                                                  4,627
total assets(4)                                            $111,127                                                                                 $114,849                                                                               $110,990
liabilities and stockholders' equity interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits time deposits                                               $23,928                            1.84     %                  440                       $32,226                            2.40     %                  772                     $33,870                         2.57     %                  869
money market deposits(5)                                      8,142                            0.53     %                   43                         7,774                            1.10     %                   85                       7,069                         2.09     %                  148
other interest-bearing savings deposits                      40,912                            0.43     %                  178                        35,077                            1.06     %                  374                      28,209                         2.02     %                  570
total interest-bearing deposits                              72,982                            0.91     %                  661                        75,077                            1.64     %                1,231                      69,148                         2.30     %                1,587
borrowings short-term borrowings                                            72                            0.18     %                        nm                    1,024                            3.10     %                   32                           1                         2.33     %                        nm securitized borrowings(6)(7)(8)                               9,627                            1.06     %                  102                        12,521                            1.44     %                  181                      14,572                         2.92     %                  425
other long-term borrowings(7)(8)                              9,888                            3.75     %                  371                        10,996                            3.83     %                  421                      11,060                         4.68     %                  518
total borrowings                                             19,587                            2.42     %                  473                        24,541                            2.58     %                  634                      25,633                         3.68     %                  943
total interest-bearing liabilities                           92,569                            1.23     %                1,134                        99,618                            1.87     %                1,865                      94,781                         2.67     %                2,530
other liabilities and stockholders' equity(9)                18,558                                                                                   15,231                                                                                 16,209
total liabilities and stockholders' equity                 $111,127                                                                                 $114,849                                                                               $110,990
net interest income                                                                                                     $9,517                                                                                   $9,230                                                                              $9,463
net interest margin(10)                                                                       10.76     %                                                                              10.21     %                                                                         10.41     %
net yield on interest-earning assets(11)                                                       8.48     %                                                                               7.94     %                                                                          8.64     %
interest rate spread(12)                                                                       8.26     %                                                                               7.67     %                                                                          8.28     %
(1)average balances of loan receivables and yield calculations include non-accruing loans. if the non-accruing loan balances were excluded, there would not be a material impact on the amounts reported above.
(2)interest income on credit card loans includes $295 million, $298 million and $281 million of amortization of balance transfer fees for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(3)prior to the adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, credit losses were estimated using the incurred loss approach.
(4)the return on average assets, based on net income, was 4.90%, 0.99% and 2.66% for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(5)includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of floating-rate funding to fixed-rate funding for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019.
(6)includes the impact of one terminated derivative formerly designated as a cash flow hedge for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
(7)includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of fixed-rate funding to floating-rate funding for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
(8)includes the impact of terminated derivatives formerly designated as fair value hedges for the year ended december 31, 2021.
(9)the return on average stockholders' equity, based on net income, was 43.12%, 11.28% and 25.73% for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(10)net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average total loan receivables.
(11)net yield on interest-earning assets represents net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets.
(12)interest rate spread represents the difference between the rate on total interest-earning assets and the rate on total interest-bearing liabilities.
-59-
rate/volume variance analysis(1)
(dollars in millions)
year ended december 31, 2021 vs.                                                        year ended december 31, 2020 vs.
year ended december 31, 2020                                                            year ended december 31, 2019
volume                          rate                         total                  volume                            rate                           total increase/(decrease) in net interest income due to changes in:
interest-earning assets cash and cash equivalents                                                   $7                         $(24)                         $(17)                     $34                          $(218)                          $(184)
restricted cash                                                              1                           (3)                           (2)                     (3)                             (9)                            (12)
other short-term investments                                               (3)                           (1)                           (4)                      16                            (32)                            (16)
investment securities                                                     (57)                          (13)                          (70)                      84                            (11)                              73
loan receivables credit card loans                                                        (261)                           (7)                         (268)                   (171)                           (534)                           (705)
private student loans                                                       13                          (25)                          (12)                      28                            (91)                            (63)
personal loans                                                            (59)                          (21)                          (80)                    (15)                            (10)                            (25)
other                                                                       23                          (14)                             9                      38                             (4)                              34
total loan receivables                                                   (284)                          (67)                         (351)                   (120)                           (639)                           (759)
total interest income                                                    (336)                         (108)                         (444)                      11                           (909)                           (898)
interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits time deposits                                                            (174)                         (158)                         (332)                    (41)                            (56)                            (97)
money market deposits                                                        4                          (46)                          (42)                      15                            (78)                            (63)
other interest-bearing savings deposits                                     54                         (250)                         (196)                     116                           (312)                           (196)
total interest-bearing deposits                                          (116)                         (454)                         (570)                      90                           (446)                           (356)
borrowings short-term borrowings                                                     (16)                          (16)                          (32)                      32                               -                              32
securitized borrowings                                                    (37)                          (42)                          (79)                    (53)                           (191)                           (244)
other long-term borrowings                                                (42)                           (8)                          (50)                     (3)                            (94)                            (97)
total borrowings                                                          (95)                          (66)                         (161)                    (24)                           (285)                           (309)
total interest expense                                                   (211)                         (520)                         (731)                      66                           (731)                           (665)
net interest income                                                     $(125)                          $412                          $287                   $(55)                          $(178)                          $(233)
(1)    the rate/volume variance for each category has been allocated on a consistent basis between rate and volume variances between the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 based on the percentage of the rate or volume variance to the sum of the two absolute variances.
-60-
loan quality impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the loan portfolio the covid-19 pandemic and its impact on the economy have significantly affected our sales volume and credit card loan growth. we tightened credit standards for new accounts and for growing existing accounts across all products and reduced our marketing and customer acquisition expenditures at the onset of the pandemic. due to the strong economic recovery from the covid-19 pandemic-induced recession, we returned most of our underwriting criteria to pre-pandemic standards and resumed our investment in marketing and business development during the second quarter of 2021. this change in our credit underwriting, in addition to changes in consumer spending behavior, increased marketing and the re-opening of the u.s. economy upon the easing of certain covid-19 containment measures, contributed to an increase in sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2021, when compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. as a result, our outstanding credit card loan receivables as of december 31, 2021, increased when compared to december 31, 2020. additionally, higher seasonal consumer spending and payment patterns around the winter holidays contributed to an increase in our ending outstanding loan receivables. the credit card loan receivables growth during the period was partially offset by elevated payment rates resulting from government stimulus and disaster relief programs.
at the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, we expanded borrower relief offerings to include skip-a-pay (payment deferral) ("sap") and other loan modification programs, complementing the assistance already available through our existing loan modification programs. on august 31, 2020, we ceased offering enrollments in the sap and other loan modification programs specifically developed in response to the covid-19 pandemic. the accounts using these modifications as a result of the covid-19 pandemic were evaluated for potential exclusion from the tdr designation either due to the insignificance of the concession or because they qualified for an exemption pursuant to the cares act. the sap programs provided only an insignificant delay in payment on the enrolled accounts or loans and therefore those deferrals were not classified as tdrs.
section 4013 of the cares act provided certain financial institutions with the option to suspend the application of accounting and reporting guidance for tdrs for a limited period of time for loan modifications made to address the effects of the covid-19 pandemic. section 541of the omnibus and covid relief and response act extended the tdr accounting and reporting relief provided by the cares act through the earlier of january 1, 2022, or the date that is 60 days after the termination of the presidentially-declared national emergency. we elected to apply the option to suspend the application of accounting and reporting guidance for tdrs as provided under section 4013 of the cares act and as subsequently extended. as such, the number of accounts and corresponding balances designated as a tdr for the year ended december 31, 2021 has been favorably impacted by the exclusion of certain modifications from the tdr designation pursuant to these exemptions and were lower than they otherwise would have been. the payment status of modified accounts excluded from the tdr designation pursuant to the cares act is reflected in our delinquency reporting. section 4013 of the cares act expired on january 1, 2022. upon expiration, the characterization of modified accounts that were exempt from the tdr designation pursuant to section 4013 of the cares act is not reconsidered. accordingly, these accounts continue to be exempt from the tdr designation unless a subsequent modification is made. loan modifications made subsequent to the expiration of section 4013 are evaluated under gaap to determine whether the tdr designation applies based on the cumulative length of the concession period and credit quality of the borrower.
-61-
the table below reflects the number and balance of both new loan modifications reported as tdrs and new loan modifications excluded from the tdr designation pursuant to the cares act (dollars in millions)(1):
accounts that entered a loan modification program and were classified as tdrs during the period                         accounts that entered a loan modification program and were exempt from the tdr designation pursuant to the cares act(1)
number of accounts                                                                      balances                              number of accounts                                                                                        balances for the year ended december 31, 2021
credit card loans                                                64,359                                                                          $399                                      127,878                                                                                            $907
private student loans                                               477                                                                            $8                                        8,844                                                                                            $170
personal loans                                                    4,066                                                                           $51                                        1,378                                                                                             $21
for the year ended december 31, 2020(2)
credit card loans                                               152,055                                                                        $1,022                                      208,566                                                                                          $1,539
private student loans                                             1,916                                                                           $35                                        5,766                                                                                            $104
personal loans                                                    8,805                                                                          $114                                        4,483                                                                                             $77
(1)sap programs were not considered tdrs and therefore are not included in accounts excluded from tdr designation by the cares act.
(2)as the tdr exemption pursuant to the cares act took effect in march 2020, the year ended december 31, 2021, is not comparable to the same period in 2020.
the number and balance of new credit card and personal loan modifications, including the combined total of those identified as tdrs and those exempt from the tdr designation, decreased during the year ended december 31, 2021, when compared to the same period in 2020. the decrease is primarily due to the impacts of government stimulus and disaster relief programs, which reduced the need for our customers to enroll in a loan modification program. the number and balance of loan modifications across all products, including the combined total of those identified as tdrs and those exempt from the tdr designation, during the year ended december 31, 2020, were favorably impacted by the utilization of sap programs in lieu of traditional loan modification programs. additionally, enrollments in personal loan modification programs were favorably impacted by tighter underwriting standards that were implemented in early 2020.
the following table provides the number of accounts that exited a temporary loan modification program that were exempt from the tdr designation pursuant to the cares act and corresponding outstanding balances along with the amount of the outstanding balances that were delinquent (30 or more days past due) upon exiting the temporary loan modification program (dollars in millions)(1):
number of accounts       outstanding balances   balances delinquent(2)
for the year ended december 31, 2021
credit card loans                                       198,506                     $1,183            $166
private student loans                                     8,788                       $157            nm personal loans                                            4,809                        $72            nm for the year ended december 31, 2020(2)
credit card loans                                        32,089                       $235            $29
private student loans                                     1,886                        $32            nm personal loans                                              401                         $5            nm
(1)as the tdr exemption pursuant to the cares act took effect in march 2020, the year ended december 31, 2021, is not comparable to the same period in 2020.
(2)includes balances charged-off at the end of the month the account exited the temporary loan modification program. the balances charged-off were not meaningful for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020.
our estimate of expected loss reflected in our allowance for credit losses includes the risk associated with all loans. we consider the effects of all loan modifications, including tdrs, loan modifications exempt from the tdr designation pursuant to the cares act and sap programs. we believe we have appropriately reflected the risk of the accounts using these programs and the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our customers in the allowance for credit losses. refer to note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements for more details on modification programs, tdrs and the allowance for credit losses.
-62-
loan receivables consist of the following (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2021                                                                     2020
credit card loans                     $74,369                     $71,472
other loans private student loans                  10,113                       9,954
personal loans                          6,936                       7,177
other loans                             2,266                       1,846
total other loans                      19,315                      18,977
total loan receivables                 93,684                      90,449
allowance for credit losses           (6,822)                     (8,226)
net loan receivables                  $86,862                     $82,223
provision and allowance for credit losses provision for credit losses is the expense related to maintaining the allowance for credit losses at an appropriate level to absorb the estimate of credit losses anticipated over the remaining expected life of loan receivables at each period end date. in deriving the estimate of expected credit losses, we consider the collectability of principal, interest and fees associated with our loan receivables. we also consider expected recoveries of amounts that were either previously charged-off or are expected to be charged-off. establishing the estimate for expected credit losses requires significant management judgment. the factors that influence the provision for credit losses include:
•increases or decreases in outstanding loan balances, including:
•changes in consumer spending, payment and credit utilization behaviors;
•the level of originations and maturities; and
•changes in the overall mix of accounts and products within the portfolio;
•the credit quality of the loan portfolio, which reflects our credit granting practices and the effectiveness of collection efforts, among other factors;
•the impact of general economic conditions on the consumer, including national and regional conditions, unemployment levels, bankruptcy trends and interest rate movements;
•the level and direction of historical losses; and
•regulatory changes or new regulatory guidance.
refer to "- critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses" and note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements for more details on how we estimate the allowance for credit losses.
-63-
the following tables provide changes in our allowance for credit losses (dollars in millions):
for the year ended december 31, 2021
credit card loans                     private student                   personal loans                   other loans                   total loans loans balance at december 31, 2020                                    $6,491                                $840                              $857                            $38                        $8,226
additions provision for credit losses(1)                                     229                                  67                              (75)                              6                           227
deductions charge-offs                                                    (2,255)                                (89)                             (190)                              -                       (2,534)
recoveries                                                         808                                  25                                70                              -                           903
net charge-offs                                                (1,447)                                (64)                             (120)                              -                       (1,631)
balance at december 31, 2021                                    $5,273                                $843                              $662                            $44                        $6,822
for the year ended december 31, 2020
credit card loans                     private student                   personal loans                   other loans                   total loans loans balance at december 31, 2019(2)                                 $2,883                                $148                              $348                             $4                        $3,383
cumulative effect of asu no. 2016-13 adoption(3)                 1,667                                 505                               265                             24                         2,461
balance at january 1, 2020                                       4,550                                 653                               613                             28                         5,844
additions provision for credit losses(1)                                   4,379                                 251                               476                             11                         5,117
deductions charge-offs                                                    (3,101)                                (85)                             (289)                            (1)                       (3,476)
recoveries                                                         663                                  21                                57                              -                           741
net charge-offs                                                (2,438)                                (64)                             (232)                            (1)                       (2,735)
balance at december 31, 2020                                    $6,491                                $840                              $857                            $38                        $8,226
for the year ended december 31, 2019
credit card loans                     private student                   personal loans                   other loans                   total loans loans balance at december 31, 2018(2)                                 $2,528                                $169                              $338                             $6                        $3,041
additions provision for credit losses(1)                                   2,849                                  51                               332                            (1)                         3,231
deductions charge-offs                                                    (3,165)                                (82)                             (369)                            (1)                       (3,617)
recoveries                                                         671                                  13                                47                              -                           731
net charge-offs(4)                                             (2,494)                                (69)                             (322)                            (1)                       (2,886)
other(5)                                                             -                                 (3)                                 -                              -                           (3)
balance at december 31, 2019(2)                                 $2,883                                $148                              $348                             $4                        $3,383
(1)excludes a $9 million and $17 million reclassification of the liability for expected credit losses on unfunded commitments for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as the liability is recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated statements of financial condition.
(2)prior to the adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, credit losses were estimated using the incurred loss approach.
(3)represents the adjustment to the allowance for credit losses as a result of the adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020.
(4)prior to the adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, net charge-offs on purchased credit-deteriorated ("pcd") loans generally did not result in a change to earnings.
(5)net change in reserves on pcd pools having no remaining non-accretable difference (prior to adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020).
-64-
the allowance for credit losses was approximately $6.8 billion at december 31, 2021, which reflects a $1.4 billion release from the amount of the allowance for credit losses at december 31, 2020. the release in the allowance for credit losses between december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, was primarily driven by improvements in the macroeconomic forecast and continued stable credit performance, partially offset by modest credit card loan receivables growth during the period. the increase in credit card loan receivables was driven by the robust sales trends during the period as covid-19 restrictions continue to ease and the u.s. economy continues to more fully reopen. the loan receivables growth during the period was partially offset by elevated payment rates resulting from government stimulus and disaster relief programs.
in estimating the allowance at december 31, 2021, we used a macroeconomic forecast that projected (i) a peak unemployment rate of 5.7%, decreasing to 4.0% by the end of 2022 with slow improvement over the next few years and (ii) 3.3% annualized growth in the real gross domestic product in 2022. labor market conditions, which historically have been an important determinant of credit loss trends, continued to improve as of december 31, 2021, despite the spread of the delta and omicron variants of covid-19. while initial jobless claims have returned to pre-pandemic levels, continuing unemployment claims and the unemployment rate remain moderately elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels as of december 31, 2021.
in estimating expected credit losses, we considered the uncertainties associated with borrower behavior, payment trends and credit performance subsequent to the expiration of government stimulus programs, such as the cares act and arpa, and disaster relief programs, such as foreclosure moratoriums and federal student loan and mortgage payment forbearance. during the third and fourth quarters of 2021, several disaster relief programs expired or were rescinded entirely. as the government's response to the pandemic wanes and the economy continues to experience aspects of stress resulting from the pandemic, there is uncertainty regarding the sustainability of the recent credit quality trends in our loan receivables portfolio. accordingly, the estimation of the allowance for credit losses has required significant management judgment.
the forecast period we deemed to be reasonable and supportable was 18 months for all periods presented except march 31, 2020, where the forecast period was 12 months due to the uncertainty caused by the rapidly changing economic environment experienced at the onset of the covid-19 pandemic. the 18-month reasonable and supportable forecast period was deemed appropriate based on the observed stability of the economic outlook and relative consistency among the macroeconomic forecasts. for all periods presented, we determined that a reversion period of 12 months was appropriate for similar reasons. due to the uncertainties associated with borrower behavior resulting from government stimulus and disaster relief programs, we applied a weighted reversion method to provide a more reasonable transition to historical losses for all loan products for all periods presented with the following exceptions: at march 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, we applied a straight-line method for all loan products. at june 30, 2020, we applied a weighted reversion method for credit card loans and a straight-line method for all other loan products.
the provision for credit losses is the amount of expense realized after considering the level of net charge-offs in the period and the required amount of allowance for credit losses at the balance sheet date. for the year ended december 31, 2021, the provision for credit losses decreased by $4.9 billion, or 96%, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease is due to a reserve release in the current period compared to a reserve build in the prior period and lower net charge-offs. the reserve release during the year ended december 31, 2021, was primarily driven by improvements in the macroeconomic forecast and continued stable credit performance, offset by modest credit card loan receivables growth during the period. the reserve build during the year ended december 31, 2020, was primarily due to the unfavorable change in economic outlook resulting from the covid-19 pandemic.
-65-
net charge-offs our net charge-offs include the principal amount of losses charged off less principal recoveries and exclude charged-off and recovered interest and fees and fraud losses. charged-off and recovered interest and fees are recorded in interest income and loan fee income, respectively, which is effectively a reclassification of the provision for credit losses, while fraud losses are recorded in other expense.
the following table presents amounts and rates of net charge-offs of key loan products (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                   2020                                       2019
$         %                                $         %                                $         %
credit card loans                   $1,447              2.09   %               $2,438              3.41   %               $2,494              3.43   %
private student loans(1)               $64              0.63   %                  $64              0.65   %                  $69              0.72   %
personal loans                        $120              1.73   %                 $232              3.13   %                 $322              4.28   %
(1) prior to adoption of asu no. 2016-13 on january 1, 2020, net charge-offs on pcd loans generally did not result in a charge to earnings.
the net charge-offs and charge-off rate on our credit card loans for the year ended december 31, 2021, decreased when compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to a decrease in the number of delinquent loans and lower average balances charged-off. these factors are a result of the impacts of government stimulus and disaster relief programs. the net charge-offs and net charge-off rate on private student loans for the year ended december 31, 2021, remained relatively flat when compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the net charge-offs and net charge-off rate on personal loans for the year ended december 31, 2021, decreased when compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, due to the impacts of government stimulus and disaster relief programs and tighter underwriting standards that were implemented in early 2020.
-66-
delinquencies delinquencies are an indicator of credit quality at a point in time. a loan balance is considered delinquent when contractual payments on the loan become 30 days past due.
the following table presents the amounts and delinquency rates of key loan products that are 30 and 90 days or more delinquent, loan receivables that are not accruing interest regardless of delinquency and loans restructured in tdr programs (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2021                                                                                                            2020
$         %                                $         %
loans 30 or more days delinquent credit card loans                            $1,232              1.66   %               $1,478              2.07   %
private student loans                          $157              1.55   %                 $138              1.39   %
personal loans                                  $48              0.69   %                  $78              1.08   %
total loan receivables                       $1,451              1.55   %               $1,705              1.89   %
loans 90 or more days delinquent(1)
credit card loans                              $562              0.76   %                 $739              1.03   %
private student loans                           $36              0.35   %                  $28              0.28   %
personal loans                                  $13              0.20   %                  $25              0.35   %
total loan receivables                         $618              0.66   %                 $795              0.88   %
loans not accruing interest                    $225              0.24   %                 $243              0.26   %
troubled debt restructurings:
credit card loans(2)(3)(4)
currently enrolled                             $833              1.12   %               $1,225              1.71   %
no longer enrolled                              267              0.36                      448              0.63
total credit card loans                      $1,100              1.48   %               $1,673              2.34   %
private student loans(5)                       $249              2.46   %                 $286              2.87   %
personal loans(6)                              $187              2.70   %                 $222              3.09   %
(1)credit card loans that were 90 or more days delinquent at december 31, 2021 and 2020, included $73 million and $44 million, respectively, in modified loans exempt from the tdr designation pursuant to the cares act. within private student and personal loans that were 90 or more days delinquent at december 31, 2021 and 2020, the respective amounts associated with modifications exempt from the tdr designation under the cares act were immaterial.
(2)we estimate that interest income recognized on credit card loans restructured in tdr programs was $105 million, $221 million and $347 million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. we do not separately track interest income on loans in tdr programs. we estimate this amount by applying an average interest rate to the average loans in the various tdr programs.
(3)we estimate that the incremental interest income that would have been recorded in accordance with the original terms of credit card loans restructured in tdr programs was $137 million, $181 million and $202 million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. we do not separately track the amount of incremental interest income that would have been recorded if the loans in tdr programs had not been restructured and interest had instead been recorded in accordance with the original terms. we estimate this amount by applying the difference between the average interest rate earned on non-modified loans and the average interest rate earned on loans in the tdr programs to the average loans in the tdr programs.
(4)credit card loans restructured in tdr programs include $45 million, $94 million and $184 million at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which are also included in loans 90 or more days delinquent.
(5)private student loans restructured in tdr programs include $7 million, $6 million and $10 million at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which are also included in loans 90 or more days delinquent.
(6)personal loans restructured in tdr programs include $4 million, $6 million and $7 million at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which are also included in loans 90 or more days delinquent.
the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates in the table above include all loans, including tdrs, modified loans exempt from tdr status and prior modifications that are no longer required to be reported as tdrs. the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates for credit card and personal loans at december 31, 2021, decreased compared to december 31, 2020, primarily due to the impacts of government stimulus and disaster relief programs. the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates for personal loans were favorably impacted by tighter underwriting standards that were
-67-
implemented in early 2020. the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates for private student loans increased at december 31, 2021, compared to december 31, 2020. the increase was due to the payment relief provided by sap and other payment programs in late 2020 that drove delinquency rates lower at december 31, 2020, as accounts enrolled in the sap program did not advance through the delinquency cycle.
the balance of credit card, private student, and personal loans reported as tdrs decreased at december 31, 2021, as compared to december 31, 2020, due to elevated payment rates resulting from government stimulus and disaster relief programs. the balance of credit card and private student loans reported as tdrs also benefited from the exclusion of accounts qualifying for the exemption from the tdr designation pursuant to the cares act, which expired on january 1, 2022. upon expiration, the characterization of modified accounts that were exempt from the tdr designation pursuant to section 4013 of the cares act is not reconsidered. accordingly, these accounts continue to be exempt from the balance of loans reported as tdrs unless a subsequent modification is made. loan modifications made subsequent to the expiration of section 4013 are evaluated under gaap to determine whether the tdr designation applies based on the cumulative length of the concession period and credit quality of the borrower. the balance of personal loans reported as tdrs was also favorably impacted by tighter underwriting standards that were implemented in early 2020, which resulted in fewer enrollments in loan modification programs.
the following table provides the balance of loan receivables restructured through a temporary loan modification program that were exempt from the tdr designation pursuant to the cares act (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2021                                                                                                2020
$         %                                $         %
credit card loans                $1,620              2.18   %               $1,351              1.89   %
private student loans              $242              2.39   %                 $101              1.01   %
personal loans                      $45              0.65   %                  $73              1.02   %
we believe loan modification programs are useful in assisting customers experiencing financial difficulties and help to prevent defaults. we plan to continue to use loan modification programs as a means to provide relief to customers experiencing financial difficulties. see note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements for additional description of our use of loan modification programs to provide relief to customers experiencing financial hardship.
modified and restructured loans for information regarding modified and restructured loans, see "- delinquencies," "- impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the loan portfolio, "- covid-19 pandemic response and impact - loan receivables and allowance for credit losses" and note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements.
maturities and sensitivities of loan receivables to changes in interest rates our loan portfolio had the following maturity distribution(1) (dollars in millions):
at december 31, 2021                 due one                  due after                                       due after                due after fifteen years           total year or                   one year                five years through fifteen years less                    through five years credit card loans               $21,885                   $39,465                                  $12,620                                      $399               $74,369
private student loans               358                     1,891                                    6,399                                     1,465                10,113
personal loans                    2,023                     4,608                                      305                                         -                 6,936
other loans                          76                       353                                      911                                       926                 2,266
total loan portfolio            $24,342                   $46,317                                  $20,235                                    $2,790               $93,684
(1)    because of the uncertainty regarding loan repayment patterns, the above amounts have been calculated using contractually required minimum payments. historically, actual loan repayments have been higher than such minimum payments and, therefore, the above amounts may not necessarily be indicative of our actual loan repayments.
-68-
at december 31, 2021, approximately $43.5 billion of our loan portfolio due after one year had interest rates tied to an index and approximately $25.9 billion were fixed-rate loans.
other income the following table presents the components of other income (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,                                         2021 vs. 2020                                             2020 vs. 2019
increase (decrease)                                       (decrease) increase
2021                                                                           2020                            2019                                        $              %                                        $              %
discount and interchange revenue, net(1)                 $1,224                            $933                          $1,066                    $291                            31    %               $(133)                            (12)    %
protection products revenue                                 165                             180                             194                    (15)                           (8)    %                 (14)                             (7)    %
loan fee income                                             464                             414                             449                      50                            12    %                 (35)                             (8)    %
transaction processing revenue                              227                             195                             197                      32                            16    %                  (2)                             (1)    %
unrealized gains on equity investments                      423                               -                               -                     423                                 nm                    -                               -    %
realized gains (losses) on equity investments                 1                              80                             (3)                    (79)                          (99)    %                   83                         (2,767)    %
other income                                                 66                              56                              93                      10                            18    %                 (37)                            (40)    %
total other income                                       $2,570                          $1,858                          $1,996                    $712                            38    %               $(138)                             (7)    %
(1)net of rewards, including cashback bonus rewards, of $2.5 billion, $1.9 billion and $1.9 billion for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
total other income increased $712 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, which was primarily due to unrealized gains on equity investments and an increase in net discount and interchange revenue. unrealized gains on equity investments are the result of investments in payment services entities that are carried at fair value because the shares are actively traded. the increase in discount and interchange revenue was partially offset by an increase in rewards costs, both of which were the result of higher sales volume. the increase in total other income was partially offset by the existence of realized gains on equity investments in the prior year but not in the current year.
other expense the following table represents the components of other expense (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,                                         2021 vs. 2020                                         2020 vs. 2019
increase (decrease)                                   increase (decrease)
2021                                                                                      2020                            2019                                      $              %                                      $              %
employee compensation and benefits                 $1,986                          $1,894                          $1,738                     $92                             5    %               $156                             9    %
marketing and business development                    810                             659                             883                     151                            23    %              (224)                          (25)    %
information processing and communications             500                             540                             409                    (40)                           (7)    %                131                            32    %
professional fees                                     797                             717                             753                      80                            11    %               (36)                           (5)    %
premises and equipment                                 92                             113                             107                    (21)                          (19)    %                  6                             6    %
other expense                                         620                             596                             503                      24                             4    %                 93                            18    %
total other expense                                $4,805                          $4,519                          $4,393                    $286                             6    %               $126                             3    %
total other expense increased $286 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to increases in marketing and business development, employee compensation and benefits and professional fees. marketing and business development increased due to growth investments, primarily in card, and increased brand marketing. employee compensation and benefits increased as a result of higher bonus accruals and higher average salaries, partially offset by lower headcount. the increase in professional fees was primarily driven by an increase in recovery fees.
-69-
income tax expense the following table reconciles our effective tax rate to the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate:
for the years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                              2020                          2019
u.s. federal statutory income tax rate                                                         21.0    %                     21.0    %                     21.0    %
u.s. state, local and other income taxes, net of u.s. federal income tax benefits               3.4                           3.4                           3.5
tax credits                                                                                   (1.2)                         (4.4)                         (1.4)
other                                                                                         (0.3)                           0.5                         (0.2)
effective income tax rate                                                                      22.9    %                     20.5    %                     22.9    %
income tax expense                                                                           $1,615                          $294                          $878
for the year ended december 31, 2021, income tax expense increased $1.3 billion, and the effective income tax rate increased 2.4 percentage points as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase in income tax expense was primarily driven by an increase in pretax income. the effective tax rate increased primarily due to tax credits having a lower rate benefit on higher pretax income.
liquidity and capital resources impact of the covid-19 pandemic on liquidity and capital the u.s. recorded strong real gdp growth during 2021 as it recovered from a brief but severe recession in 2020 caused by the covid-19 pandemic. labor market conditions also improved considerably as the unemployment rate fell more than two percentage points and job openings exceeded the number of unemployed workers for much of the year. in response to improved economic conditions and higher inflation rates, the federal reserve has begun to alter its monetary policy by reducing its monthly asset purchases.
we remain well-capitalized with capital ratios in excess of regulatory minimums and our own internal targets and maintain ample capital to finance loan receivable growth. to deploy excess capital, we resumed our common stock repurchase program during the first quarter of 2021, repurchasing $2.2 billion of our common stock during the year ended december 31, 2021.
as financial and capital markets conditions improved throughout 2021, we exercised prudent stewardship of our liquidity and deposit balances, which grew rapidly at the onset of the pandemic. credit spreads tightened materially and remained near record-low levels as of december 31, 2021. consequently, we opportunistically issued $1.8 billion of credit card asset-backed securities during the third quarter of 2021. we also diversified our funding channels by becoming a member of the fhlb chicago. furthermore, we acted to stem our deposit balance growth by spending less on marketing and lowering our deposit rates, which helped return our liquidity portfolio balances to pre-pandemic levels by december 31, 2021.
funding and liquidity we seek to maintain stable, diversified and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. in managing our liquidity risk, we seek to maintain a prudent liability maturity profile and ready access to an ample store of primary and contingent liquidity sources. our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations and other short-term and long-term borrowings. our primary liquidity sources include a portfolio composed of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities, as well as secured borrowing capacity through private term asset-backed securitizations and federal home loan bank ("fhlb") advances. in addition, we have unused borrowing capacity at the federal reserve discount window, which provides another source of contingent liquidity.
-70-
funding sources deposits we offer deposit products to customers through two channels: (i) direct marketing, internet origination and affinity relationships ("direct-to-consumer deposits") and (ii) contractual arrangements with securities brokerage firms ("brokered deposits"). direct-to-consumer deposits include online savings accounts, certificates of deposit, money market accounts, ira savings accounts, ira certificates of deposit and checking/debit accounts. brokered deposits include certificates of deposit and sweep accounts. in december 2020, the federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") issued the final rule on revisions to its brokered deposits regulations. in accordance with this final rule, our regulatory reporting reflects the changes required to deposit categorizations. specifically, certain retail deposit products such as affinity deposits and deposits generated through certain sweep deposit relationships will no longer be categorized as brokered for regulatory reporting purposes. at december 31, 2021, we had $61.9 billion of direct-to-consumer deposits and $10.5 billion of brokered deposits, of which there are $65.5 billion of deposit balances due in less than one year and $6.9 billion of deposit balances due in one year or thereafter.
credit card securitization financing we securitize credit card receivables as a source of funding. we access the asset-backed securitization market using the discover card master trust i ("dcmt") and the discover card execution note trust ("dcent"). in connection with our securitization transactions, credit card receivables are transferred to dcmt. dcmt has issued a certificate representing the beneficial interest in its credit card receivables to dcent. we issue dcent discoverseries notes in public and private transactions, which are collateralized by the beneficial interest certificate held by dcent. from time to time, we may add credit card receivables to dcmt to create sufficient funding capacity for future securitizations while managing seller's interest. we retain significant exposure to the performance of the securitized credit card receivables through holding the seller's interest and subordinated classes of dcent discoverseries notes. at december 31, 2021, we had $9.4 billion of outstanding public asset-backed securities and $3.9 billion of outstanding subordinated asset-backed securities that had been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries.
the securitization structures include certain features designed to protect investors. the primary feature relates to the availability and adequacy of cash flows in the securitized pool of receivables to meet contractual requirements, the insufficiency of which triggers early repayment of the securities. we refer to this as "economic early amortization," which is based on excess spread levels. excess spread is the amount by which income received with respect to the securitized credit card receivables during a collection period including interest collections, fees and interchange, exceeds the fees and expenses of dcent during such collection period, including interest expense, servicing fees and charged-off receivables. in the event of an economic early amortization, which would occur if the excess spread fell below 0% on a three-month rolling average basis, we would be required to repay all outstanding securitized borrowings using available collections received with respect to the securitized credit card receivables. for the three months ended december 31, 2021, the discoverseries three-month rolling average excess spread was 15.50%. the period of ultimate repayment would be determined by the amount and timing of collections received.
through our wholly-owned indirect subsidiary, discover funding llc, we are required to maintain an interest in a contractual minimum level of receivables in dcmt in excess of the face value of outstanding investors' interests. this minimum interest is referred to as the minimum seller's interest. the required minimum seller's interest in the pool of trust receivables is approximately 7% in excess of the total investors' interests, which includes interests held by third parties as well as those interests held by us. if the level of receivables in dcmt were to fall below the required minimum, we would be required to add receivables from the unrestricted pool of receivables, which would increase the amount of credit card receivables restricted for securitization investors. a decline in the amount of the excess seller's interest could occur if balance repayments and charge offs exceeded new lending on the securitized accounts or as a result of changes in total outstanding investors' interests. seller's interest exhibits seasonality as higher receivable balance repayments tend to occur in the first calendar year quarter. if we could not add enough receivables to satisfy the minimum seller's interest requirement, an early amortization (or repayment) of investors' interests would be triggered.
an early amortization event would impair our liquidity and may require us to utilize our available non-securitization related contingent liquidity or rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time. we have several strategies we can deploy to prevent an early amortization event. for instance, we could add receivables to dcmt, which would reduce our available borrowing capacity at the federal reserve discount window. as of december 31, 2021, there were $25.2 billion of credit card receivables in the trust and no accounts were added to those restricted for securitization investors for the year ended december 31, 2021. alternatively, we could employ structured discounting, which was used effectively in 2009 to bolster excess spread and mitigate early amortization risk.
-71-
the following table summarizes expected contractual maturities of the investors' interests in credit card securitizations, excluding those that have been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries (dollars in millions):
at december 31, 2021                                                                      total           less than         one year and thereafter one year scheduled maturities of borrowings - owed to credit card securitization investors         $9,435          $4,882            $4,553
the "aaa(sf)" and "aaa(sf)" ratings of the dcent discoverseries class a notes issued to date have been based, in part, on an fdic rule, which created a safe harbor that provides that the fdic, as conservator or receiver, will not use its power to disaffirm or repudiate contracts, seek to reclaim or recover assets transferred in connection with a securitization, or recharacterize assets transferred in connection with a securitization as assets of the insured depository institution, provided such transfer satisfies the conditions for sale accounting treatment under previous gaap. although the implementation of financial accounting standards board ("fasb") accounting standards codification topic 860, transfers and servicing, no longer qualified certain transfers of assets for sale accounting treatment, the fdic approved a final rule that preserved the safe-harbor treatment applicable to revolving trusts and master trusts, including dcmt, so long as those trusts would have satisfied the original fdic safe harbor if evaluated under gaap pertaining to transfers of financial assets in effect prior to december 2009. however, other legislative and regulatory developments may impact our ability or desire to issue asset-backed securities in the future.
federal home loan bank advances discover bank is a member bank of the fhlb of chicago, one of 11 fhlbs that, along with the office of finance, compose the fhlb system. the fhlbs are government-sponsored enterprises of the u.s. ("u.s. gses") chartered to improve the availability of funds to support home ownership. as such, senior debt obligations of the fhlbs feature the same credit ratings as u.s. treasury securities and are considered high-quality liquid assets for bank regulatory purposes. consequently, the fhlbs benefit from consistent capital market access during nearly all macroeconomic and financial market conditions and low funding costs, which they pass on to their member banks when they borrow advances. thus, we consider fhlb advances a stable and reliable funding source for discover bank for short-term contingent liquidity and long-term asset-liability management.
as a member of the fhlb of chicago, discover bank has access to short- and long-term advance structures with maturities ranging from overnight to 30 years. as of december 31, 2021, we had total committed borrowing capacity of $1.4 billion based on the amount and type of assets pledged, of which $1.3 billion of short-term advances were outstanding with the fhlb of chicago to meet seasonal funding needs. under certain stressed conditions, we could pledge our liquidity portfolio securities and borrow against them at a modest reduction to their value.
other long-term borrowings - private student loans at december 31, 2021, $104 million of principal was outstanding on securitized debt assumed as part of our acquisition of the student loan corporation. principal and interest payments on the underlying private student loans will reduce the balance of these secured borrowings until the debt matures in june 2031.
other long-term borrowings - corporate and bank debt the following table provides a summary of dfs (parent company) and discover bank outstanding fixed-rate debt (dollars in millions):
at december 31, 2021                                                                                 principal amount outstanding discover financial services (parent company) fixed-rate senior notes, maturing 2022-2027                       $3,422
discover financial services (parent company) fixed-rate retail notes, maturing 2022-2031                         $168
discover bank fixed-rate senior bank notes, maturing 2023-2030                                                 $5,350
discover bank fixed-rate subordinated bank notes, maturing 2028                                                  $500
as of december 31, 2021, $420 million of interest on our fixed-rate debt is due in less than one year and $1.2 billion of interest is due in one year and thereafter. see note 9: long-term borrowings to our consolidated financial
-72-
statements for more information on the maturities of our long-term borrowings. certain dfs senior notes require us to offer to repurchase the notes at a price equal to 101% of their aggregate principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest in the event of a change of control involving us and corresponding ratings downgrade below investment grade.
short-term borrowings as part of our regular funding strategy, we may, from time to time, borrow short-term funds in the federal funds market or the repurchase ("repo") market through repurchase agreements. federal funds are short-term, unsecured loans between banks or other financial entities with a federal reserve account. funds borrowed in the repo market are short-term, collateralized loans, usually secured with highly-rated investment securities such as u.s. treasury bills or notes, or mortgage bonds or debentures issued by government agencies or u.s. gses. at december 31, 2021, there were no outstanding balances in the federal funds market or under repurchase agreements. additionally, we have access to short-term advance structures through the fhlb of chicago and privately placed asset-backed securitizations. at december 31, 2021, there were $1.3 billion and $500 million of short-term advances outstanding from the fhlb and private asset-backed securitizations, respectively.
additional funding sources private asset-backed securitizations we have access to committed borrowing capacity through privately placed asset-backed securitizations. while we may utilize funding from these private securitizations from time to time for normal business operations, their committed nature also makes them a reliable contingency funding source. therefore, we reserve some undrawn capacity, informed by our liquidity stress test results, for potential contingency funding needs. at december 31, 2021, we had a total committed capacity of $4.0 billion, $500 million of which was drawn to meet seasonal funding needs. we seek to ensure the stability and reliability of these securitizations by staggering their maturity dates, renewing them approximately one year prior to their scheduled maturity dates and periodically drawing them for operational tests and seasonal funding needs.
federal reserve discover bank has access to the federal reserve bank of philadelphia's discount window. as of december 31, 2021, discover bank had $34.3 billion of available borrowing capacity through the discount window based on the amount and type of assets pledged, primarily consumer loans. as of december 31, 2021, we have no borrowings outstanding under the discount window and reserve this capacity as a source of contingent liquidity.
funding uses our primary uses of funds include the extensions of loans and credit to customers, primarily through discover bank; the maintenance of sufficient working capital for routine operations; the service of our debt and capital obligations, including interest, principal, and dividend payments; and the purchase of investment securities for our liquidity portfolio.
in addition to originating consumer loans to new customers, we also extend credit to existing customers, which primarily arises from agreements for unused lines of credit on certain credit cards and certain other loan products, provided there is no violation of conditions established in the related agreement. at december 31, 2021, our unused credit arrangements were approximately $220.7 billion. these arrangements, substantially all of which we can terminate at any time and which do not necessarily represent future cash requirements, are periodically reviewed based on account usage, customer creditworthiness and loan qualification.
in the normal course of business, we enter into various contracts for goods and services, such as consulting, outsourcing, data, sponsorships, software licenses, telecommunications, global merchant acceptance, and cashback rewards, among other things. these contracts are legally binding and specify all significant terms, including any applicable fixed future cash payments.
as of december 31, 2021, we have debt obligations, common stock, and preferred stock outstanding. refer to "- funding sources" and "- capital" for more information related to our debt obligations and capital service, respectively, and the timing of expected payments.
we assess funding uses and liquidity needs under stressed and normal operating conditions, considering primary uses of funding, such as on-balance sheet loans and contingent uses of funding, such as the need to post additional
-73-
collateral for derivatives positions. to anticipate funding needs under stress, we conduct liquidity stress tests to assess the impact of idiosyncratic, systemic and hybrid (i.e., idiosyncratic and systemic) scenarios with varying levels of liquidity risk reflecting a range of stress severity. if we determine we have excess cash and cash equivalents, we may invest in highly liquid, unencumbered assets that we expect to be able to convert to cash quickly and with little loss of value using the repo market or outright sales.
guarantees guarantees are contracts or indemnification agreements that may require us to make payments to a guaranteed party based on changes in an underlying asset, liability, or equity security of a guaranteed party, rate or index. also included in guarantees are contracts that may require the guarantor to make payments to a guaranteed party based on another entity's failure to perform under an agreement. our guarantees relate to transactions processed on the discover network and certain transactions processed by pulse and diners club. in the ordinary course of business, we guarantee payment on behalf of subsidiaries relating to contractual obligations with external parties. the activities of the subsidiaries covered by any such guarantees are included in our consolidated financial statements. see note 18: commitments, contingencies and guarantees to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding our guarantees.
credit ratings our borrowing costs and capacity in certain funding markets, including those for securitizations and unsecured senior and subordinated debt, may be affected by the credit ratings of dfs, discover bank and the securitization trusts. downgrades in these credit ratings could result in higher interest expense on our unsecured debt and asset securitizations, as well as higher credit enhancement requirements for both our public and private asset securitizations. in addition to increased funding costs, deterioration in our credit ratings could reduce our borrowing capacity in the unsecured debt and asset securitization capital markets.
when the covid-19 pandemic emerged in 2020, rating agencies cited their expectation that the banking industry would experience heightened loan delinquencies and charge offs from deterioration in the labor market. during the second quarter of 2020, moody's, standard and poor's and fitch ratings affirmed our credit ratings, but standard and poor's and fitch changed their outlooks on dfs' and discover bank's senior unsecured credit ratings from "stable" to "negative" while moody's retained a "stable" outlook on our credit ratings. on march 25, 2021, standard and poor's upgraded its outlook on dfs' and discover bank's senior unsecured debt from "negative" to "stable" recognizing better-than-expected operating performance in 2020 and our strong loss-absorbing capacity. for similar reasons, on may 3, 2021, fitch ratings also affirmed the credit ratings on dfs' and discover bank's senior unsecured debt and revised its outlook on those ratings from "negative" to "stable." on may 27, 2021, moody's affirmed its credit ratings for dfs and discover bank while upgrading its outlook on those ratings from "stable" to "positive." on july 12, 2021, moody's upgraded discover bank's long-term subordinate debt rating to "baa2" from "baa3", driven by revisions to their advanced loss given failure analysis.
the table below reflects our current credit ratings and outlooks:
moody's investors service        standard &amp; poor's         fitch ratings discover financial services senior unsecured debt                                                baa3                             bbb-                          bbb+
outlook for discover financial services senior unsecured debt        positive                         stable                        stable discover bank senior unsecured debt                                                baa2                             bbb                           bbb+
outlook for discover bank senior unsecured debt                      positive                         stable                        stable subordinated debt                                                    baa2                             bbb-                          bbb discover card execution note trust class a(1)                                                           aaa(sf)                          aaa(sf)                       aaa(sf)
(1)an "sf" in the rating denotes rating agency identification for structured finance product ratings.
a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization. each rating should be evaluated independently of any
-74-
other rating. a credit rating outlook reflects an agency's opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term, often a period of about a year, and indicates the agency's belief that the issuer's credit profile is consistent with its current rating level at that point in time.
liquidity we seek to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to sustain business operations, fund asset growth and satisfy debt obligations under stressed and normal operating conditions. in addition to the funding sources discussed in the previous section, we also maintain highly liquid, unencumbered assets in our liquidity portfolio that we expect to be able to convert to cash quickly and with little loss of value using either the repo market or outright sales.
we maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. the board of directors approves the policy and the asset and liability management committee (the "alco") is responsible for its implementation. additionally, we maintain a liquidity management framework document that outlines the general strategies, objectives and principles we utilize to manage our liquidity position and the various liquidity risks inherent in our business model. we seek to balance the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which may be costly, with having too little liquidity, which could cause financial distress. the alco, chaired by our treasurer, has cross-functional membership and manages liquidity risk centrally. the alco monitors the liquidity risk profiles of dfs and discover bank and oversees any actions corporate treasury may take to ensure that we maintain ready access to our funding sources and sufficient liquidity to meet current and projected needs. in addition, the alco and our board of directors regularly review our compliance with our liquidity limits at dfs and discover bank, which are established in accordance with the liquidity risk appetite set by our board of directors.
we employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. we utilize early warning indicators ("ewis") to detect emerging liquidity stress events and a reporting and escalation process designed to be consistent with regulatory guidance. the ewis include both idiosyncratic and systemic measures and are monitored daily and reported to the alco regularly. a warning from one or more of these indicators triggers prompt review and decision-making by our senior management team and, in certain instances, may lead to the convening of a senior-level response team and activation of our contingency funding plan.
in addition, we conduct liquidity stress tests regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. we evaluate a range of stress scenarios that are designed according to regulatory requirements, including idiosyncratic, systemic and a combination of such events that could impact funding sources and our ability to meet liquidity needs. these scenarios measure the projected liquidity position at dfs and discover bank across a range of time horizons by comparing estimated contingency funding needs to available contingent liquidity.
our primary contingent liquidity sources include our liquidity portfolio securities, which we could sell, repo or borrow against, and private securitizations with unused borrowing capacity. in addition, we could borrow fhlb advances by pledging securities to the fhlb of chicago. moreover, we have unused borrowing capacity with the federal reserve discount window, which provides an additional source of contingent liquidity. we seek to maintain sufficient liquidity to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations for at least 12 months in a severe stress environment. in such an environment, we may also take actions to curtail the size of our balance sheet, which would reduce the need for funding and liquidity.
at december 31, 2021, our liquidity portfolio is composed of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities. cash and cash equivalents were primarily deposits with the federal reserve. investment securities primarily included debt obligations of the u.s. treasury and u.s. gses and residential mortgage-backed securities ("rmbs") issued by u.s. government agencies or u.s. gses. these investments are considered highly liquid and we expect to have the ability to raise cash by selling them, utilizing repurchase agreements or pledging certain of these investments to access secured funding. the size and composition of our liquidity portfolio may fluctuate based on the size of our balance sheet as well as operational requirements, market conditions and interest rate risk management objectives.
at december 31, 2021, our liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities were $52.9 billion, which was $10.5 billion lower than the balance at december 31, 2020. our liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities shrunk during 2021 as we managed excess liquidity through the reduction of marketing spend and deposit rates, which resulted in lower aggregate deposit balances, and the redemption and/or maturity of certain outstanding retail notes, senior bank notes and securitized debt. we partially offset these balance declines by becoming a member of the fhlb
-75-
of chicago. during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, the average balance of our liquidity portfolio was $23.4 billion and $24.6 billion, respectively. our liquidity portfolio and undrawn facilities consist of the following (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2021                                                                                                         2020
liquidity portfolio cash and cash equivalents(1)                                               $8,080                     $12,675
other short-term investments                                                    -                       2,200
investment securities(2)                                                    6,879                       9,536
total liquidity portfolio                                                  14,959                      24,411
private asset-backed securitizations(3)                                     3,500                       6,000
federal home loan bank of chicago available borrowing capacity                150                           -
primary liquidity sources                                                  18,609                      30,411
federal reserve discount window available borrowing capacity(3)            34,254                      32,930
total liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities                   $52,863                     $63,341
(1)cash in the process of settlement and restricted cash are excluded from cash and cash equivalents for liquidity purposes.
(2)excludes $27 million and $117 million of u.s. treasury securities that have been pledged as swap collateral in lieu of cash as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(3)see "- additional funding sources" for additional information.
bank holding company liquidity the primary uses of funds at the unconsolidated dfs level include debt service obligations (interest payments and return of principal) and capital service and management activities, including dividend payments on capital instruments and the periodic repurchase of shares of our common stock. our primary sources of funds at the bank holding company level include the proceeds from the issuance of unsecured debt and capital securities, as well as dividends from our subsidiaries, notably discover bank. under periods of idiosyncratic or systemic stress, the bank holding company could lose or experience impaired access to the capital markets. in addition, our regulators have the discretion to restrict dividend payments from discover bank to the bank holding company.
we utilize a measure referred to as number of months of pre-funding to determine the length of time dfs can meet upcoming funding obligations, including common and preferred stock dividend payments and debt service obligations, using existing cash resources. in managing this metric, we structure our debt maturity schedule to manage prudently the amount of debt maturing within a short period. see note 9: long-term borrowings to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our debt.
capital our primary sources of capital are the earnings generated by our businesses and the proceeds from issuances of capital securities. we seek to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support our businesses' growth and risks and to meet regulatory requirements, rating agency targets and debt investor expectations. within these constraints, we are focused on deploying capital in a manner that provides attractive returns to our stockholders. the level, composition and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives and legislative and regulatory developments.
under regulatory capital requirements adopted by the federal reserve and the fdic, dfs, along with discover bank, must maintain minimum capital levels. failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in the initiation of certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could limit our business activities and have a direct material effect on our financial condition and operating results. we must meet specific capital requirements that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory guidance and regulations. current or future legislative or regulatory reforms, such as those related to the adoption of the current expected credit losses ("cecl") accounting model, may require us to hold more capital or adversely impact our capital level. we consider the potential impacts of these reforms in managing our capital position.
-76-
dfs and discover bank are subject to regulatory capital rules issued by the federal reserve and the fdic, respectively, under the basel committee's december 2010 framework ("basel iii rules"). under the basel iii rules, dfs and discover bank are classified as "standardized approach" entities, as they are u.s. banking organizations with consolidated total assets over $50 billion but not exceeding $250 billion and consolidated total on-balance sheet foreign exposures less than $10 billion. the basel iii rules require dfs and discover bank to maintain minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios and define what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating those ratios.
on march 27, 2020, federal bank regulatory agencies announced an interim and now final rule that allows banks that have implemented the cecl accounting model to delay the estimated impact of cecl on regulatory capital for two years, followed by a three-year transition period. for purposes of calculating regulatory capital, we have elected to defer recognition of the estimated impact of cecl on regulatory capital for two years in accordance with the final rule; after that period of deferral, the estimated impact of cecl on regulatory capital will be phased in over three years, beginning in 2022. we estimate that electing this option raised our common equity tier 1 ("cet1") capital ratios in 2021 and 2020. for additional information regarding the risk-based capital and leverage ratios, see note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements.
on march 4, 2020, the federal reserve announced the scb final rule, which imposes limitations on dfs' capital distributions if we do not maintain our risk-based capital ratios above stated regulatory minimum ratios based on the results of supervisory stress tests. under this rule, dfs is required to assess whether our planned capital actions are consistent with the effective capital distribution limitations that will apply on a pro-forma basis throughout the planning horizon.
the scb requirement is institution-specific and is calculated as the greater of (i) 2.5% and (ii) the sum of (a) the difference between dfs' actual cet1 ratio at the beginning of the forecast and the projected minimum cet1 ratio based on the federal reserve's models in its nine-quarter severely adverse stress scenario, plus (b) the sum of the dollar amount of dfs' planned common stock dividend distributions for each of the fourth through seventh quarters of its nine-quarter capital planning horizon, expressed as a percentage of rwas. for category iv firms, including dfs, the federal reserve calculates each firm's scb biennially in even-numbered calendar years. in odd-numbered years, including 2021, each firm subject to category iv standards that did not opt-in to such year's supervisory stress tests as part of the federal reserve's ccar process receives an adjusted scb requirement that is updated to reflect its planned common stock dividends per the firm's annual capital plan. dfs elected to not participate in the federal reserve's supervisory stress test in 2021, but will be a participant in 2022.
as part of ccar, dfs must submit an annual capital plan, which it did on april 5, 2021 ("2021 capital plan"). the 2021 capital plan employed forward-looking internal assessments of income and capital under baseline and stressful conditions. on august 5, 2021, the federal reserve notified dfs of its adjusted scb requirement of 3.6% based on the planned common stock dividends in the 2021 capital plan. dfs' scb was effective on october 1, 2021 and slightly increased the scb in effect for the preceding year, which was 3.5%. see "- regulatory environment and developments - banking - capital standards and stress testing" for additional information.
at december 31, 2021, dfs and discover bank met the requirements for "well-capitalized" status under the federal reserve's regulation y and the prompt corrective action rules and corresponding fdic requirements, respectively, exceeding the regulatory minimums to which they were subject under the applicable rules.
basel iii rules also require disclosures relating to market discipline. this series of disclosures is commonly referred to as "pillar 3." the objective is to increase the transparency of capital requirements for banking organizations. we are required to make prescribed regulatory disclosures quarterly regarding our capital structure, capital adequacy, risk exposures and risk-weighted assets. we make the pillar 3 disclosures publicly available on our website in a report called "basel iii regulatory capital disclosures."
we disclose tangible common equity, which represents common equity less goodwill and intangibles. management believes that common stockholders' equity excluding goodwill and intangibles is meaningful to investors as a measure of our true net asset value. as of december 31, 2021, tangible common equity is considered to be a non-gaap financial measure as it is not formally defined by gaap or codified in the federal banking regulations. other financial services companies may also disclose this measure and definitions may vary. we advise users of this information to exercise caution in comparing this measure for different companies.
-77-
the following table reconciles total common stockholders' equity (a gaap financial measure) to tangible common equity (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2021                                                                              2020
total common stockholders' equity(1)           $12,352                      $9,828
less: goodwill                                   (255)                       (255)
less: intangible assets, net                         -                        (95)
tangible common equity                         $12,097                      $9,478
(1)total common stockholders' equity is calculated as total stockholders' equity less preferred stock.
our board of directors declared the following common stock dividends during years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019:
declaration date                    record date                         payment date                              dividend per share
2021
october 19, 2021                    november 24, 2021                   december 09, 2021                             $0.50
july 20, 2021                       august 19, 2021                     september 02, 2021                             0.50
april 20, 2021                      may 20, 2021                        june 03, 2021                                  0.44
january 19, 2021                    february 18, 2021                   march 04, 2021                                 0.44
total common stock dividends                                                                                          $1.88
2020
october 20, 2020                    november 19, 2020                   december 03, 2020                             $0.44
july 21, 2020                       august 20, 2020                     september 03, 2020                             0.44
april 21, 2020                      may 21, 2020                        june 04, 2020                                  0.44
january 21, 2020                    february 20, 2020                   march 05, 2020                                 0.44
total common stock dividends                                                                                          $1.76
2019
october 17, 2019                    november 21, 2019                   december 05, 2019                             $0.44
july 18, 2019                       august 22, 2019                     september 05, 2019                             0.44
april 18, 2019                      may 24, 2019                        june 06, 2019                                  0.40
january 17, 2019                    february 21, 2019                   march 07, 2019                                 0.40
total common stock dividends                                                                                          $1.68
on january 18, 2022, we declared a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of $0.50 per share, payable on march 3, 2022, to holders of record on february 17, 2022, which is consistent with the quarterly amount paid in the second half of 2021. in light of the pandemic-induced economic downturn in 2020, the federal reserve required all large banks participating in the ccar supervisory stress test to cap common stock dividends at the lower of the prior quarter's dividend or the average of a firm's net income over the preceding four quarters. the federal reserve lifted this restriction as of july 1, 2021. see "- regulatory environment and developments - banking - capital standards and stress testing" for additional information.
-78-
our board of directors declared the following series c preferred stock dividends during the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019:
declaration date                       record date                            payment date                            dividend per depositary share
2021
july 20, 2021                          october 15, 2021                       november 01, 2021                                  $27.50
january 19, 2021                       april 15, 2021                         april 30, 2021                                      27.50
total series c preferred stock dividends                                                                                         $55.00
2020
july 21, 2020                          october 15, 2020                       october 30, 2020                                   $27.50
january 21, 2020                       april 15, 2020                         april 30, 2020                                      27.50
total series c preferred stock dividends                                                                                         $55.00
2019
july 21, 2019                          october 15, 2019                       october 30, 2019                                   $27.50
january 21, 2019                       april 15, 2019                         april 30, 2019                                      27.50
total series c preferred stock dividends                                                                                         $55.00
our board of directors declared series d preferred stock dividends during the year ended december 31, 2021, as follows:
declaration date                          record date                               payment date                               dividend per depositary share
2021
july 20, 2021                             september 08, 2021                        september 23, 2021                                   $30.625
january 19, 2021(1)                       march 08, 2021                            march 23, 2021             46.110
total series d preferred stock dividends                                                                                                 $76.735
(1)the dividend includes $30.63 semi-annual dividend per depositary share plus $15.48 to account for the long first dividend period.
on january 18, 2022, we declared a semi-annual cash dividend on our series c and series d of $27.50 and $30.625 per depositary share, respectively, payable on may 2, 2022 and march 23, 2022, respectively, to holders of record on april 15, 2022 and march 8, 2022, respectively.
in light of improved macroeconomic conditions and our strong financial results, our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program in july 2021. the new program authorizes up to $2.4 billion of share repurchases through march 31, 2022. this share repurchase authorization replaces our prior $1.1 billion share repurchase program, which was scheduled to expire on december 31, 2021. during the three months ended december 31, 2021, we repurchased approximately 6.5 million shares, or 2.0% of our outstanding common stock as of september 30, 2021, for approximately $770 million. during the year ended december 31, 2021, we repurchased approximately 18.9 million shares, or 6.2% of our outstanding common stock as of december 31, 2020, for $2.2 billion. we may use various methods to repurchase shares under the program, including open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other purchases, including block trades, accelerated share repurchase transactions, or any combination of such methods.
the amount and size of any future dividends and share repurchases will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory review and other factors. the declaration and payment of future dividends and the amount thereof are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. holders of our shares of common stock are subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or the depositary shares representing such preferred stock outstanding. no dividend may be declared or paid or set aside for payment on our common stock if full dividends have not been declared and paid on all outstanding shares of preferred stock in any dividend period. in addition, as noted above, banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit our ability to pay dividends and make share repurchases, including limitations on the extent our banking subsidiary (discover bank) can provide funds to us through dividends, loans or otherwise. further, current or future regulatory reforms may require us to hold more capital or could adversely impact our capital level. as a result,
-79-
there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends or repurchase any shares of our common stock in the future.
