item 1a.    risk factors discussion of our business and operations included in this annual report on form 10-k should be read together with the risk factors set forth below. they describe various risks and uncertainties we are or may become subject to, many of which are difficult to predict or beyond our control. these risks and uncertainties, together with other factors described elsewhere in this report, have the potential to affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies or prospects in a material and adverse manner.
risks related to our business and our industry the homebuilding, lot development and rental housing industries are cyclical and affected by changes in economic, real estate or other conditions that could adversely affect our business or financial results.
the homebuilding, lot development and rental housing industries are cyclical and are significantly affected by changes in general and local economic and real estate conditions, such as:
•employment levels;
•consumer confidence and spending;
•housing demand;
•availability of financing for homebuyers;
•availability of financing for companies that purchase our rental properties;
•interest rates;
•availability and prices of new homes and existing homes for sale and availability and market values of rental properties; and
•demographic trends.
adverse changes in these general and local economic conditions or deterioration in the broader economy would cause a negative impact on our business and financial results and increase the risk for asset impairments and writeoffs. changes in these economic conditions may affect some of our regions or markets more than others. if adverse conditions affect our larger markets, they could have a proportionately greater impact on us than on some other companies.
in the past, the federal government's fiscal and trade policies and economic stimulus actions have created uncertainty in the financial markets and caused volatility in interest rates, which impacted business and consumer behavior. monetary policy actions affecting interest rates or fiscal policy actions and new legislation related to taxation, spending levels or borrowing limits, along with the related political debates, conflicts and compromises associated with such actions, may negatively impact the financial markets and consumer confidence. such events could hurt the u.s. economy and the housing and rental markets and in turn, could adversely affect the operating results of our businesses.
deployments of u.s. military personnel to foreign regions, terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or threats to national security and any corresponding response by the united states or others, domestic or international instability or social or political unrest may cause an economic slowdown in the markets where we operate, which could adversely affect our business.
if we experience any of the foregoing, potential customers may be less willing or able to buy our homes or our rental properties. in the future, our pricing and product strategies may also be limited by market conditions. we may be unable to change the mix of our home or rental offerings, reduce the costs of the homes or properties we build, offer more affordable homes or rental properties or satisfactorily address changing market conditions in other ways without adversely affecting our profits and returns. in addition, cancellations of home sales contracts in backlog may increase if homebuyers do not honor their contracts due to any of the factors discussed above.
our financial services business is closely related to our homebuilding business, as it originates mortgage loans principally to purchasers of the homes we build. a decrease in the demand for our homes because of the foregoing matters will also adversely affect the financial results of this segment of our business. an increase in the default rate on the mortgages we originate may adversely affect our ability to sell the mortgages or the pricing we receive upon the sale of mortgages or may increase our recourse obligations for previous originations. we may be responsible for losses associated with mortgage loans originated and sold to third-party purchasers in the event of errors or omissions relating to certain representations and warranties that the loans sold meet certain requirements, including representations as to underwriting standards, the type of collateral, the existence of primary mortgage insurance, and the validity of certain borrower representations in the connection with the loan, and we may be required to repurchase certain of those mortgage loans or provide indemnification. repurchased mortgage loans and/or the settlement of claims associated with such loans could adversely affect our business or financial results. we establish reserves for estimated losses and future repurchase obligations for mortgage loans we have sold; however, actual future obligations related to these mortgages could differ significantly from our current estimated amounts. additionally, in fiscal 2020 we began retaining mortgage servicing rights on some of our originations. as servicer for these loans, we may incur losses by having to advance payments to the mortgage-backed securities (mbs) bondholders to the extent there are insufficient collections to satisfy the required principal and interest remittances of the underlying mbs.
constriction of the credit and public capital markets could limit our ability to access capital and increase our costs of capital.
during past economic and housing downturns, the credit markets constricted and reduced some sources of liquidity that were previously available to us. consequently, we relied principally on our cash on hand to meet our working capital needs and repay outstanding indebtedness during those times. there likely will be periods in the future when financial market upheaval will increase our cost of capital or limit our ability to access the public debt markets or obtain bank financing.
our homebuilding operations utilize a $2.19 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $3.0 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. our homebuilding revolving credit facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to 100% of the revolving credit commitment. the maturity date of the facility is april 20, 2026. forestar and its subsidiaries, our financial services and rental subsidiaries, and certain of our other subsidiaries are not guarantors under our homebuilding revolving credit facility or our homebuilding senior notes.
forestar has a $410 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $600 million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. the forestar revolving credit facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to the greater of $100 million and 50% of the revolving credit commitment. the maturity date of the facility is april 16, 2025. the forestar revolving credit facility is guaranteed by forestar's wholly-owned subsidiaries that are not immaterial subsidiaries or have not been designated as unrestricted subsidiaries. the forestar revolving credit facility is not guaranteed by us or our other subsidiaries.
our mortgage subsidiary utilizes a $1.4 billion mortgage repurchase facility to finance the majority of the loans it originates. the capacity of the facility automatically increases during certain higher volume periods and can be further increased through additional commitments. the total capacity of the facility at september 30, 2021 was $1.8 billion, and its maturity date is february 18, 2022. adverse changes in market conditions could make the renewal of these facilities more difficult or could result in an increase in the cost of these facilities or a decrease in the committed amounts. such changes affecting our mortgage repurchase facility may also make it more difficult or costly to sell the mortgages that we originate.
we regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock and support other general corporate and operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital. d.r. horton has an automatically effective universal shelf registration statement filed with the sec in july 2021, registering debt and equity securities that may be issued from time to time in amounts to be determined. forestar also had an effective shelf registration statement filed with the sec in september 2018, registering $500 million of equity securities. at september 30, 2021, $359.9 million remained available for issuance under forestar's shelf registration statement, of which $65.6 million was reserved for sales under its at-the-market equity offering program. in october 2021, after the expiration of forestar's existing registration statement and at-the-market equity offering program, a new shelf registration statement became effective, registering $750 million of equity securities. forestar anticipates entering into a new at-the-market equity offering program under this new shelf registration statement. as market conditions permit, we may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to fund our projected capital requirements or provide additional liquidity. we believe that our existing cash resources, revolving credit facilities, mortgage repurchase facility and ability to access the capital markets or obtain additional financing will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations. adverse changes in economic, homebuilding or capital market conditions due to covid-19 or otherwise could negatively affect our business, liquidity and financial results, restrict our ability to obtain additional capital or increase our costs of capital.
reductions in the availability of mortgage financing provided by government agencies, changes in government financing programs, a decrease in our ability to sell mortgage loans on attractive terms or an increase in mortgage interest rates could decrease our buyers' ability to obtain financing and adversely affect our business or financial results.
the mortgage loans originated by our financial services operations are primarily eligible for sale to fannie mae, freddie mac or ginnie mae and are typically sold to third-party purchasers. the secondary market for mortgage loans continues to primarily desire securities backed by fannie mae, freddie mac or ginnie mae, and we believe the liquidity these agencies provide to the mortgage industry is important to the housing market. any significant change regarding the long-term structure and viability of fannie mae and freddie mac could result in adjustments to the size of their loan portfolios and to guidelines for their loan products. additionally, a reduction in the availability of financing provided by these institutions could adversely affect interest rates, mortgage availability and sales of new homes and mortgage loans. during fiscal 2021, approximately 52% of our mortgage loans were sold directly to fannie mae or into securities backed by ginnie mae, and 41% were sold to two other major financial entities. on an ongoing basis, we seek to establish loan purchase arrangements with additional financial entities. if we are unable to sell mortgage loans to purchasers on attractive terms, our ability to originate and sell mortgage loans at competitive prices could be limited, which would negatively affect our profitability.
the fha insures mortgage loans that generally have lower credit requirements and is an important source for financing the sale of our homes. changes, restrictions or significant premium increases in fha programs in the future may negatively affect the availability or affordability of fha financing, which could adversely affect our ability to sell homes.
some of our customers may qualify for 100% financing through programs offered by the va and the usda and certain other housing finance agencies. these programs are subject to changes in regulations, lending standards and government funding levels. there can be no assurances that these programs or other programs will continue to be available in our homebuilding markets or that they will be as attractive to our customers as the programs currently offered, which could negatively affect our sales.
mortgage rates are currently low compared to most historical periods; however, market conditions could change causing mortgage rates to rise in the future. when interest rates increase, the cost of owning a home increases, which will likely reduce the number of potential homebuyers who can obtain mortgage financing and could result in a decline in the demand for our homes.
the risks associated with our land, lot and rental inventory could adversely affect our business or financial results.
inventory risks are substantial for our homebuilding, forestar and rental businesses. there are risks inherent in controlling, owning and developing land. if housing demand declines, we may not be able to build, sell and rent homes profitably in some of our communities, and we may not be able to fully recover the costs of some of the land and lots we own. also, the values of our owned undeveloped land, lots and inventories may fluctuate significantly due to changes in market conditions. as a result, our deposits for lots controlled through purchase contracts may be put at risk, we may have to sell or rent homes or land for a lower profit margin or record inventory impairment charges on our land and lots. a significant deterioration in economic or homebuilding industry conditions may result in substantial inventory impairment charges.
we cannot make any assurances that our growth strategies, acquisitions or investments will be successful or will not expose us to additional risks or other negative consequences.
in recent years, we have primarily grown our business by increasing our investments in land, lot and home inventories in our existing homebuilding markets. we have also expanded through investments in new product offerings, new geographic markets and the growth of our rental property operations. investments in land, lots, home inventories and rental properties can expose us to risks of economic loss and asset impairments if housing conditions weaken or if we are unsuccessful in implementing our growth strategies.
in fiscal 2018, we acquired 75% of the outstanding shares of forestar and at september 30, 2021, we owned 63% of its outstanding shares. forestar is a publicly traded residential lot development company with operations in 56 markets across 23 states as of september 30, 2021. forestar's strategy is focused on making significant investments in land acquisition and development to expand its residential lot development business across a geographically diversified national platform and consolidating market share in the fragmented u.s. lot development industry. our homebuilding divisions acquire finished lots from forestar in accordance with the master supply agreement between the two companies, and we provide forestar certain administrative, compliance, operational and procurement services through a shared services agreement. as the controlling shareholder, we strongly influence the strategic direction and operations of forestar.
in addition to the investment and merger with forestar, we have acquired the homebuilding operations of several homebuilding companies in recent years, and we may make strategic acquisitions of or investments in other companies, operations or assets in the future. such acquisitions and investments may have risks similar to those related to land, lots and home inventories, but they may also expose us to additional risks or other negative consequences. these transactions may not advance our business strategy, provide a satisfactory return on our investment or provide other benefits we anticipate. also, the integration of these transactions may not be successful and may require significant time and resources, which may divert management's attention from other operations. acquisitions and investments could also expose us to material liabilities not discovered in the due diligence process and may lead to litigation. if these transactions under-perform our expectations or are unsuccessful, we may incur significant expenses or write-offs of inventory, other assets or intangible assets such as goodwill. acquisitions and investments can result in dilution to existing stockholders if we issue our common stock as consideration and can increase our debt levels or reduce our liquidity if we purchase them with cash. the magnitude, timing and nature of any future acquisitions or investments will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to identify suitable additional markets or acquisition candidates, the negotiation of acceptable terms, our financial position and general economic and business conditions. we also may seek to divest an investment or a business and may have difficulty selling such investment or business on acceptable terms in a timely manner.
our business and financial results could be adversely affected by significant inflation, higher interest rates or deflation.
inflation can adversely affect us by increasing costs of land, materials and labor. in addition, significant inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which have a negative impact on housing affordability. in a highly inflationary environment, depending on industry and other economic conditions, we may be precluded from raising home prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which could reduce our profit margins. moreover, in a highly inflationary environment, our cost of capital, labor and materials can increase and the purchasing power of our cash resources can decline, which could have an adverse impact on our business or financial results.
alternatively, a significant period of deflation could cause a decrease in overall spending and borrowing levels. this could lead to deterioration in economic conditions, including an increase in the rate of unemployment. deflation could also cause the value of our inventories to decline or reduce the value of existing homes below the related mortgage loan balance, which could potentially increase the supply of existing homes. if oil prices decline significantly, economic conditions in markets that have significant exposure to the energy sector may weaken. these, or other factors that increase the risk of significant deflation, could have a negative impact on our business or financial results.
supply shortages and other risks related to acquiring land, building materials and skilled labor could increase our costs and delay deliveries.
the homebuilding and lot development industries have from time to time experienced significant difficulties that can affect the cost or timing of construction, including:
•difficulty in acquiring land suitable for residential building at affordable prices in locations where our potential customers want to live;
•shortages of qualified subcontractors;
•reliance on local subcontractors, manufacturers, distributors and land developers who may be inadequately capitalized;
•shortages of materials; and
•significant increases in the cost of materials, particularly increases in the price of lumber, drywall and cement, which are significant components of home construction costs.
in addition, tariffs, duties and/or trade restrictions imposed or increased on imported materials and goods that are used in connection with the construction and delivery of our homes, including steel, aluminum and lumber, may raise our costs for these items or for the products made with them. these factors may cause construction delays or cause us to incur more costs building our homes.
as restrictive orders relating to covid-19 were eased and economic activity resumed, demand for our homes increased significantly. the effects of the pandemic combined with the improvement in economic conditions and the strong demand for new homes caused multiple disruptions in our supply chain, and have resulted in shortages in certain building materials and tightness in the labor market, which has caused our construction cycle to lengthen and costs of building materials to increase. if shortages and cost increases in building materials and tightness in the labor market persist for a prolonged period of time, our profit margins could be adversely impacted if we are unable to pass on future cost increases to our homebuyers by increasing the selling price of our homes.
public health issues such as a major epidemic or pandemic could adversely affect our business or financial results.
the u.s. and other countries have experienced, and may experience in the future, outbreaks of contagious diseases that affect public health and public perception of health risk. in december 2019, covid-19 emerged in the wuhan region of china and subsequently spread worldwide. the world health organization declared covid-19 a pandemic, resulting in federal, state and local governments and private entities mandating various restrictions requiring closure of non-essential businesses for a period of time, which began to adversely affect our business in march 2020. as economic activity resumed and restrictive orders relating to covid-19 were eased, demand for our homes improved significantly during the remainder of fiscal 2020 and remained strong throughout fiscal 2021. however, the effects of the pandemic combined with the improvement in economic conditions and the strong demand for new homes caused multiple disruptions in our supply chain and have resulted in shortages in certain building materials and tightness in the labor market, which has caused our construction cycle to lengthen.
there is uncertainty regarding the extent to which and how long covid-19 will impact the u.s. economy and our supply chain. the extent to which covid-19 impacts our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of covid-19 or other variant strains and the impact on our customers, trade partners and employees, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. if covid-19 or other variant strains have a significant negative impact on economic conditions over a prolonged period of time, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted.
our business and financial results could be adversely affected by weather conditions and natural disasters.
physical risks, including weather conditions and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, volcanic activity, droughts, floods, hailstorms, heavy or prolonged precipitation, wildfires and others, can harm our business. additionally, the physical impacts of climate change may cause these occurrences to increase in frequency, severity and duration. any such events can delay our development work, home construction and home closings, unfavorably affect the cost or availability of materials or labor, damage homes under construction, lead to changing consumer preferences and/or negatively impact demand for new homes in affected areas. there has been no material impact on our business from these events or material operational challenges resulting from these events, but they could adversely affect our business in the future. the climates and geology of many of the states in which we operate, including california, florida, texas and other coastal areas where we have some of our larger operations and which have experienced recent natural disasters, present increased risks of adverse weather or natural disasters.
homebuilding is subject to home warranty and construction defect claims in the ordinary course of business that can be significant.
we are subject to home warranty and construction defect claims arising in the ordinary course of our homebuilding business. we rely on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes, and in many cases, to select and obtain construction materials. despite our detailed specifications and monitoring of the construction process, our subcontractors occasionally do not meet adequate quality standards in the construction of our homes. when we find these issues, we repair them in accordance with our warranty obligations. we spend significant resources to repair items in homes we have sold to fulfill the warranties we issued to our homebuyers. additionally, we are subject to construction defect claims which can be costly to defend and resolve in the legal system. warranty and construction defect matters can also result in negative publicity in the media and on the internet, which can damage our reputation and adversely affect our ability to sell homes.
based on the large number of homes we have sold over the years, our potential liabilities related to warranty and construction defect claims are significant. consequently, we have generally maintained product liability insurance each year, and we seek to obtain indemnities and certificates of insurance from subcontractors covering claims related to their workmanship and materials. we establish warranty and other reserves for the homes we sell based on historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes built. because of the uncertainties inherent to these matters, we cannot provide assurance that our insurance coverage, our subcontractor arrangements and our reserves will be adequate to address all of our future warranty and construction defect claims. contractual indemnities can be difficult to enforce, we may be responsible for applicable self-insured retentions and some types of claims may not be covered by insurance or may exceed applicable coverage limits. additionally, the coverage offered by and the availability of product liability insurance for construction defects is limited and costly. we have responded to increases in insurance costs and coverage limitations by self-insuring our risk for certain years and by increasing our self-insured retentions and claim reserves. there can be no assurance that coverage will not be further restricted or become more costly. if costs to resolve our future warranty and construction defect claims exceed our estimates, our financial results and liquidity could be adversely affected.
a health and safety incident relating to our operations could be costly in terms of potential liability and reputational damage.
building and land development sites are inherently dangerous, and operating in this industry poses certain inherent health and safety risks. due to health and safety regulatory requirements and the number of homes we construct, health and safety performance is critical to the success of our business. any failure in health and safety performance, including compliance with potential new workplace requirements related to the covid-19 pandemic, may result in penalties for non-compliance with relevant regulatory requirements, and a failure that results in a major or significant health and safety incident is likely to be costly and could expose us to liability that could be costly. such an incident could generate significant negative publicity and have a corresponding impact on our reputation, our relationships with relevant regulatory agencies or governmental authorities, and our ability to attract customers and employees, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and liquidity.
we are required to obtain performance bonds, the unavailability of which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
we often are required to provide surety bonds to secure our performance or obligations under construction contracts, development agreements and other arrangements. at september 30, 2021, we had $2.3 billion of outstanding surety bonds. our ability to obtain surety bonds primarily depends upon our credit rating, financial condition, past performance and other factors, including the capacity of the surety market and the underwriting practices of surety bond issuers. the ability to obtain surety bonds also can be impacted by the willingness of insurance companies to issue performance bonds for construction and development activities. if we are unable to obtain surety bonds when required, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
increases in the costs of owning a home could prevent potential customers from buying our homes and adversely affect our business or financial results.
significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage loan interest and state and local income and property taxes, have historically been deductible expenses for an individual's federal income taxes, subject to various limitations. the tax cuts and jobs act, which became effective january 1, 2018, established new limits on these federal tax deductions that could reduce the actual or perceived affordability of homeownership. these or any further changes in income tax laws by the federal or state government to eliminate or substantially reduce income tax benefits associated with homeownership, could adversely affect demand for and sales prices of new homes, especially in areas with relatively high housing prices or high taxes.
in addition, increases in property tax rates by local governmental authorities, as experienced in some areas in response to reduced federal and state funding, could adversely affect the amount of financing our potential customers could obtain or their desire to purchase new homes.
further, existing and prospective regulatory and societal responses to climate change intended to reduce potential climate change impacts may increase the upfront costs of purchasing a home, costs to maintain the home and its systems, energy and utility costs and the cost to obtain homeowner and various hazard and flood insurance, or limit homeowners' ability to obtain these insurance policies altogether. although these items have had no material effect on our business, they could adversely affect our business in the future.
governmental regulations and environmental matters could increase the cost and limit the availability of our land development and homebuilding projects and adversely affect our business or financial results.
we are subject to extensive and complex regulations that affect land development and home construction, including zoning, density restrictions, building design and building standards. these regulations often provide broad discretion to the administering governmental authorities as to the conditions we must meet prior to development or construction being approved, if approved at all. we are subject to determinations by these authorities as to the adequacy of water or sewage facilities, roads or other local services. new housing developments may also be subject to various assessments for schools, parks, streets and other public improvements. in addition, in many markets government authorities have implemented no growth or growth control initiatives. any of these may limit, delay or increase the costs of development or home construction.
we are also subject to a significant number and variety of local, state and federal laws and regulations concerning protection of health, safety, labor standards and the environment. the impact of environmental laws varies depending upon the prior uses of the building site or adjoining properties and may be greater in areas with less supply where undeveloped land or desirable alternatives are less available. these matters may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance, remediation, mitigation and other costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict development and homebuilding activity in environmentally sensitive regions or areas. government agencies also routinely initiate audits, reviews or investigations of our business practices to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, which can cause us to incur costs or create other disruptions in our business that can be significant.
recently, there has been growing concern from advocacy groups, government agencies and the general public over the effects of climate change on the environment. transition risks, such as government restrictions, standards or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and potential climate change impacts, are emerging and may increase in the future in the form of restrictions or additional requirements on land development and home construction in certain areas. such restrictions and requirements could increase our operating and compliance costs or require additional technology and capital investment, which could adversely affect our results of operations. this is a particular concern in the western united states, where some of the most extensive and stringent environmental laws and residential building construction standards in the country have been enacted, and where we have business operations. we believe we are in compliance in all material respects with existing climate-related government restrictions, standards and regulations applicable to our business, and such compliance has not had a material impact on our business. however, given the rapidly changing nature of environmental laws and matters that may arise that are not currently known, we cannot predict our future exposure concerning such matters, and our future costs to achieve compliance or remedy potential violations could be significant.
additionally, actual or perceived environmental, social, governance and other sustainability (esg) matters and our response to these matters could harm our business. increasing governmental and societal attention to esg matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, human capital, labor and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report. these factors may alter the environment in which we do business and may increase the ongoing costs of compliance and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. if we are unable to adequately address such esg matters or fail to comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results.
the subcontractors we rely on to perform the actual construction of our homes are also subject to a significant number of local, state and federal laws and regulations, including laws involving matters that are not within our control. if the subcontractors who construct our homes fail to comply with all applicable laws, we can suffer reputational damage, and may be exposed to possible liability.
we are also subject to an extensive number of laws and regulations because our common stock and debt securities and the common stock of our forestar subsidiary are publicly traded in the capital markets. these regulations govern our communications with our shareholders and the capital markets, our financial statement disclosures and our legal processes, and they also impact the work required to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm and our legal counsel. changes in these laws and regulations, including the subsequent implementation of rules by the administering government authorities, may require us to incur additional compliance costs, and such costs may be significant.
governmental regulation of our financial services operations could adversely affect our business or financial results.
our financial services operations are subject to extensive state and federal laws and regulations, which are administered by numerous agencies, including but not limited to the consumer financial protection bureau, federal housing finance agency, u.s. department of housing and urban development, fha, va, usda, fannie mae, freddie mac and ginnie mae. these laws and regulations include many compliance requirements, including but not limited to licensing, consumer disclosures, fair lending and real estate settlement procedures. as a result, our operations are subject to regular, extensive examinations by the applicable agencies. additional future regulations or changing rule interpretations and examinations by regulatory agencies may result in more stringent compliance standards and could adversely affect the results of our operations.
we operate in competitive industries, and competitive conditions could adversely affect our business or financial results.
the homebuilding, lot development and rental housing industries are highly competitive. we compete not only for homebuyers and renters, but also for desirable properties, raw materials, skilled labor and financing. we compete with local, regional and national companies in these industries, and also with existing home sales, foreclosures and rental properties. the competitive conditions in these industries can negatively affect our sales volumes, selling prices, leased occupancy levels, rental rates and incentive levels, reduce our profit margins, and cause the value of our inventory or other assets to be impaired. competition can also affect our ability to acquire suitable land, raw materials and skilled labor at acceptable prices or terms, or cause delays in land development or in construction.
the competitors to our financial services businesses include other mortgage lenders and title companies, including national, regional and local mortgage banks and other financial institutions. some of these competitors are subject to fewer governmental regulations and have greater access to capital than we do, may operate with different lending criteria and/or may offer a broader or more attractive array of financing and other products and services to potential customers.
our businesses compete with other companies across all industries to attract and retain highly skilled and experienced employees, managers and executives. competition for the services of these individuals increases as business conditions improve in the homebuilding, lot development, financial services and rental housing industries and in the general economy. if we are unable to attract and retain key employees, managers or executives, our business could be adversely affected.
risks related to our indebtedness we have significant amounts of debt and may incur additional debt, which could affect our financial health and our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations or potential acquisitions.
as of september 30, 2021, our consolidated debt was $5.4 billion, which consisted of $3.2 billion related to our homebuilding segment, $704.5 million related to our forestar segment and $1.5 billion related to our financial services segment. the indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes do not restrict the incurrence of future unsecured debt by us or our homebuilding subsidiaries or the incurrence of secured or unsecured debt by our non-guarantor subsidiaries, and the agreement governing our homebuilding revolving credit facility allows us to incur a substantial amount of future unsecured debt. also, the indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes and the agreement governing our homebuilding revolving credit facility impose restrictions on our ability and on that of the guarantors under our homebuilding senior notes and our homebuilding revolving credit facility to incur debt secured by certain assets, but still permit us and our homebuilding subsidiaries to incur significant amounts of additional secured debt. the forestar revolving credit facility and the indentures governing forestar's senior notes impose restrictions on the ability of forestar and its restricted subsidiaries to incur secured and unsecured debt, but still permit forestar and its subsidiaries to incur a substantial amount of future secured and unsecured debt, and do not restrict the incurrence of future secured and unsecured debt by forestar's unrestricted subsidiaries.
the amount and the maturities of our debt and the debt of our subsidiaries could have important consequences. for example, possible consequences for our homebuilding, financial services and forestar operations each with respect to their individual debt obligations, could:
•require the dedication of a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to payment of debt and reduce the ability to use cash flow for other operating or investing purposes;
•limit the flexibility to adjust to changes in business or economic conditions; and
•limit the ability to obtain future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or other requirements.
servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we or our subsidiaries may not have sufficient cash flow from our respective businesses to pay our substantial debt.
our ability and that of our subsidiaries to meet our respective debt service obligations will depend, in part, upon our and our subsidiaries' future financial performance. future results are subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report. our revenues and earnings vary with the level of general economic activity in the markets we serve. our businesses are also affected by financial, political, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. the factors that affect our ability to generate cash can also affect our ability to raise additional funds for these purposes through the sale of debt or equity, the refinancing of debt or the sale of assets. changes in prevailing interest rates may affect the cost of our debt service obligations, because borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and mortgage repurchase facility bear interest at floating rates.
the instruments governing our and our subsidiaries' indebtedness impose certain restrictions on our and our subsidiaries' business, and the ability of us and our subsidiaries to comply with related covenants, restrictions or limitations could adversely affect our and our subsidiaries' financial condition or operating flexibility.
the restrictions imposed by our and certain of our subsidiaries' indebtedness could limit our or our subsidiaries' ability to plan for or react to market or economic conditions or meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans and adversely affect our or our subsidiaries' ability to finance our operations, acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our interest.
the agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions on our and our guarantor subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, engage in sale and leaseback transactions with respect to certain assets, incur secured debt, create liens, pay dividends and make other distributions on or redeem or repurchase equity securities, sell certain assets and engage in mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of our assets. the instruments governing forestar's indebtedness contain restrictions on the ability of forestar and certain of its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, create liens, pay dividends and make other distributions on or redeem or repurchase equity securities, sell certain assets, enter into affiliate transactions and engage in mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of forestar's assets.
in addition, the agreements governing certain of our and our subsidiaries' debt instruments contain the following financial covenants:
homebuilding revolving credit facility. our homebuilding revolving credit facility contains financial covenants requiring the maintenance of a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction if our leverage ratio exceeds a certain level. a failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity.
forestar's revolving credit facility. the forestar revolving credit facility contains financial covenants requiring the maintenance by forestar of a minimum level of tangible net worth, a minimum level of liquidity, a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction based on the book value of forestar's real estate assets and unrestricted cash. a failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under this revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity.
mortgage repurchase facility and other restrictions. the mortgage repurchase facility for our mortgage subsidiary requires the maintenance of a minimum level of tangible net worth, a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a minimum level of liquidity by our mortgage subsidiary. a failure to comply with these requirements could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds to our mortgage subsidiary or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. any difficulty experienced in complying with these covenants could make the renewal of the facility more difficult or costly.
in addition, although our financial services business is conducted through subsidiaries that are not restricted by the indentures governing our senior notes or the agreement governing our revolving credit facility, the ability of our financial services subsidiaries to distribute funds to our homebuilding operations would be restricted in the event such distribution would cause an event of default under the mortgage repurchase facility or if an event of default had occurred under this facility. moreover, our right to receive assets from our financial services subsidiaries upon their liquidation or recapitalization is subject to the prior claims of the creditors of these subsidiaries. any claims we may have to funds from our financial services subsidiaries would be subordinate to subsidiary indebtedness to the extent of any security for such indebtedness and to any indebtedness otherwise recognized as senior to our claims.
our access to capital and our ability to obtain additional financing could be affected by any downgrade of our debt ratings.
our homebuilding senior unsecured debt is currently rated investment grade by all three major rating agencies; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain these ratings. any lowering of our debt ratings could make accessing the public capital markets or obtaining additional credit from banks more difficult and/or more expensive. any lowering of forestar's debt ratings could also make forestar's ability to access the public capital markets or obtain additional credit from banks more difficult and/or more expensive.
the instruments governing our indebtedness contain change of control provisions which could affect the timing of repayment.
change of control purchase options under our homebuilding senior notes and change of control default under our homebuilding revolving credit facility. upon the occurrence of both a change of control and a ratings downgrade event, each as defined in the indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes, we will be required to offer to repurchase such notes at 101% of their principal amount, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, if any. moreover, a change of control (as defined in our homebuilding revolving credit facility) would constitute an event of default under our homebuilding revolving credit facility, which could result in the acceleration of the repayment of any borrowings outstanding under the facility, a requirement to cash collateralize all letters of credit outstanding thereunder and the termination of the commitments thereunder. if repayment of more than $50 million outstanding under our homebuilding revolving credit facility were accelerated and such acceleration were not rescinded or such indebtedness were not satisfied, in either case within 30 days, an event of default would result under the indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes, entitling the trustee for the notes or holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the relevant series of notes then outstanding to declare all such notes to be due and payable immediately. if purchase offers were required under the indentures for our homebuilding senior notes, repayment of the borrowings under our homebuilding revolving credit facility were required, or if the senior notes were accelerated, we can give no assurance that we would have sufficient funds to pay the required amounts.
change of control purchase option under forestar's notes and change of control default under the forestar revolving credit facility. upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indentures governing forestar's notes), forestar will be required to offer to repurchase forestar's notes at 101% of their principal amount, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, if any. a change of control (as defined in the forestar revolving credit facility) with respect to forestar would constitute an event of default under the forestar revolving credit facility, which could result in the acceleration of the repayment of any borrowings outstanding under the facility, a requirement to cash collateralize all letters of credit outstanding thereunder and the termination of the commitments thereunder. if the maturity of the forestar revolving credit facility and/or other indebtedness of forestar and its restricted subsidiaries together having an aggregate principal amount outstanding of $40 million or more is accelerated, an event of default would result under the indentures governing the forestar notes, entitling the trustee for the forestar notes or holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding forestar notes to declare all such forestar notes to be due and payable immediately. if purchase offers were required under the indentures for forestar's notes, repayment of the borrowings under forestar's revolving credit facility were required, or if forestar's notes were accelerated, we can give no assurance that forestar would have sufficient funds to pay the required amounts.
general risk factors damage to our corporate reputation or brands from negative publicity could adversely affect our business, financial results and/or stock price.
adverse publicity related to our company, industry, personnel, operations or business performance may cause damage to our corporate reputation or brands and may generate negative sentiment, potentially affecting the performance of our business or our stock price, regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy. our reputation could be adversely affected by actual or perceived failures or concerns related to ethics, compliance, product quality and safety, environmental matters, privacy, diversity and inclusion, human rights, compensation and benefits and corporate governance, among other things. negative publicity can be disseminated rapidly through digital platforms, including social media, websites, blogs and newsletters. customers and other interested parties value readily available information and often act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy. the harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction, and our success in preserving our brand image depends on our ability to recognize, respond to and effectively manage negative publicity in a rapidly changing environment. adverse publicity or unfavorable commentary from any source could damage our reputation, reduce the demand for our homes or negatively impact the morale and performance of our employees, which could adversely affect our business.
our business could be adversely affected by the loss of key personnel.
we rely on our key personnel to effectively operate and manage our businesses. specifically, our success depends heavily on the performance of our homebuilding division and region presidents and their management teams, our rental housing management team, our financial services management team, our corporate office management teams, our forestar management team and our executive officers. these key personnel have significant experience and skills in the homebuilding, lot development, financial services and rental housing industries, as well as leadership and management abilities that are vital to our success. our ability to attract and retain our key personnel may be impacted by matters involving reputation, culture, diversity and inclusion, compensation and benefits and our management of executive succession. we seek to retain our key personnel and to have succession plans in place to address the potential loss of key personnel. however, if our retention and succession planning efforts are unsuccessful or if we fail to attract suitable replacements, the loss of key personnel could adversely affect our business.
our business could be negatively impacted as a result of actions by activist stockholders or others.
we may be subject to actions or proposals from activist stockholders or others that may not align with our business strategies or the interests of our other stockholders. responding to such actions could be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our business and operations and/or divert the attention of our board of directors and senior management from the pursuit of our business strategies. activist stockholders may create perceived uncertainties as to the future direction of our business or strategy, including with respect to our esg efforts, which may be exploited by our competitors and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, potential homebuyers and business partners and may affect our relationships with current homebuyers, subcontractors, investors and other third parties. in addition, actions of activist stockholders may cause periods of fluctuation in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business.
information technology failures, data security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations could harm our business.
we use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational and marketing activities and to maintain our business records. these information technology systems are dependent upon global communications providers, web browsers, third-party software and data storage providers and other aspects of the internet infrastructure that have experienced security breaches, cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, significant systems failures and service outages in the past. our normal business activities involve collecting and storing information specific to our homebuyers, renters, employees, vendors and suppliers and maintaining operational and financial information related to our business, both in an office setting and remote locations as needed. a material breach in the security of our information technology systems or other data security controls could include the theft or release of this information. a data security breach, a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or a breach of any of our data security controls could disrupt our business operations, damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, adversely impact our sales and revenue and require us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues. the unintended or unauthorized disclosure of personal identifying and confidential information as a result of a security breach could also lead to litigation or other proceedings against us by the affected individuals or business partners, or by regulators. the outcome of such proceedings, which could include penalties or fines, could have a significant negative impact on our business.
we may also be required to incur significant costs to protect against damages caused by information technology failures, security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations in the future as legal requirements continue to increase. the european union and other international regulators, as well as state governments, have recently enacted or enhanced data privacy regulations, such as the california consumer privacy act, and other governments are considering establishing similar or stronger protections. these regulations impose certain obligations for handling specified personal information in our systems, and for apprising individuals of the information we have collected about them. we have incurred costs in an effort to comply with these requirements, and our costs may increase significantly if new requirements are enacted and based on how individuals exercise their rights. any noncompliance could result in our incurring substantial penalties and reputational damage, and also could result in litigation.
we provide employee awareness training of cybersecurity threats and routinely utilize information technology security experts to assist us in our evaluations of the effectiveness of the security of our information technology systems, and we regularly enhance our security measures to protect our systems and data. our increased use of remote work environments and virtual platforms in response to the covid-19 pandemic may also increase our risk of cyber-attack or data security breaches. we use various encryption, tokenization and authentication technologies to mitigate cybersecurity risks and have increased our monitoring capabilities to enhance early detection and rapid response to potential cyber threats. however, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade systems change frequently and are increasing in sophistication, they often are not recognized until launched against a target. as such, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, to implement adequate preventative measures or to identify and investigate cybersecurity incidents. consequently, we cannot provide assurances that a security breach, cyber-attack, data theft or other significant systems or security failures will not occur in the future, and such occurrences could have a material and adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial position.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to promote an understanding of our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to those statements that appear elsewhere in this form 10-k. this section generally discusses the results of operations for fiscal 2021 compared to 2020. for similar operating and financial data and discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to our fiscal 2019 results, refer to item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" under part ii of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020, which was filed with the sec on november 20, 2020.
the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. factors that could cause or contribute to any differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under the caption "forward-looking statements" and under item 1a, "risk factors."
results of operations - overview fiscal 2021 operating results in fiscal 2021, our number of homes closed and home sales revenues increased 25% and 35%, respectively, compared to the prior year, and our consolidated revenues increased 37% to $27.8 billion compared to $20.3 billion in the prior year. our pre-tax income was $5.4 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to $3.0 billion in fiscal 2020, and our pre-tax operating margin was 19.3% compared to 14.7%. net income was $4.2 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to $2.4 billion in fiscal 2020, and our diluted earnings per share was $11.41 compared to $6.41.
cash provided by our homebuilding operations was $1.2 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to $1.9 billion in fiscal 2020. in fiscal 2021, our return on equity (roe) was 31.6% compared to 22.1% in fiscal 2020, and our homebuilding return on inventory (roi) was 37.9% compared to 24.6%. roe is calculated as net income attributable to d.r. horton for the year divided by average stockholders' equity, where average stockholders' equity is the sum of ending stockholders' equity balances of the trailing five quarters divided by five. homebuilding roi is calculated as homebuilding pre-tax income for the year divided by average inventory, where average inventory is the sum of ending homebuilding inventory balances for the trailing five quarters divided by five.
during march 2020, the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and the related widespread reductions in economic activity across the united states began to adversely affect our business. as economic activity resumed and restrictive orders relating to covid-19 were eased, demand for our homes improved significantly during the remainder of fiscal 2020 and remained strong throughout fiscal 2021. we believe the increase in demand has been fueled by historically low interest rates on mortgage loans and the limited supply of homes at affordable price points across most of our markets. we are well-positioned for increased demand with our affordable product offerings, lot supply and housing inventory. however, multiple disruptions in the supply chain, combined with the improvement in economic conditions and strong demand for new homes, have resulted in shortages in certain building materials and tightness in the labor market, which has caused our construction cycle to lengthen. we have slowed our home sales pace to more closely align with our production levels, and we are selling homes later in the construction cycle when we have more certainty regarding the home close date for our homebuyers. based on the current availability of labor and materials, the stage of completion of our current homes in inventory, production schedules and capacity, we expect to continue restricting the pace of our sales orders in many of our communities in the near term to match our production levels.
within our homebuilding land and lot portfolio, our lots controlled through purchase contracts represent 76% of the lots owned and controlled at september 30, 2021 compared to 70% at september 30, 2020. our relationship with forestar and expanded relationships with other land developers across the country have allowed us to continue to increase the controlled portion of our lot pipeline.
we believe our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. we plan to continue to generate strong cash flows from our homebuilding operations and manage our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales pace and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments in each of our communities based on local housing market conditions.
strategy our operating strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position in our core homebuilding business to maximize the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to navigate changing economic conditions and make opportunistic strategic investments. our strategy remains consistent and includes the following initiatives:
•developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance.
•maintaining a strong cash balance and overall liquidity position and controlling our level of debt.
•allocating and actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk.
•offering new home communities that appeal to a broad range of entry-level, move-up, active adult and luxury homebuyers based on consumer demand in each market.
•modifying product offerings, sales pace, home prices and sales incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand and maintain affordability.
•delivering high quality homes and a positive experience to our customers both during and after the sale.
•managing our inventory of homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory.
•investing in land and land development in desirable markets, while controlling the level of land and lots we own in each market relative to the local new home demand.
•continuing to seek opportunities to expand the portion of our land and finished lots controlled through purchase contracts with forestar and other land developers.
•controlling the cost of goods purchased from both vendors and subcontractors.
•improving the efficiency of our land development, construction, sales and other key operational activities.
•controlling our selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense infrastructure to match production levels.
•opportunistically evaluating potential acquisitions to enhance our operations and improve returns.
•ensuring that our financial services business provides high quality mortgage and title services to homebuyers efficiently and effectively.
•increasing our investments in the construction and leasing of single-family and multi-family rental properties to meet rental demand in high growth suburban markets and selling these properties profitably.
we believe our operating strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to successfully operate through changing economic conditions to maintain and improve our financial and competitive position. however, we cannot provide any assurances that the initiatives listed above will continue to be successful, and we may need to adjust parts of our strategy to meet future market conditions.
key results key financial results as of and for our fiscal year ended september 30, 2021, as compared to fiscal 2020, were as follows:
homebuilding:
•homebuilding revenues increased 35% to $26.6 billion compared to $19.6 billion.
•homes closed increased 25% to 81,965 homes, and the average closing price of those homes was $323,300.
•net sales orders increased 4% to 81,378 homes, and the value of net sales orders increased 18% to $27.7 billion.
•sales order backlog decreased 2% to 26,221 homes, while the value of sales order backlog increased 16% to $9.5 billion.
•home sales gross margin was 25.5% compared to 21.8%.
•homebuilding sg&a expense was 7.3% of homebuilding revenues compared to 8.1%.
•homebuilding pre-tax income was $4.8 billion compared to $2.7 billion.
•homebuilding pre-tax income was 18.1% of homebuilding revenues compared to 13.6%.
•homebuilding return on inventory was 37.9% compared to 24.6%.
•net cash provided by homebuilding operations was $1.2 billion compared to $1.9 billion.
•homebuilding cash and cash equivalents totaled $3.0 billion compared to $2.6 billion.
•homebuilding inventories totaled $13.9 billion compared to $11.0 billion.
•homes in inventory totaled 47,800 compared to 38,000.
•owned lots totaled 127,800 compared to 112,600, and lots controlled through purchase contracts increased to 402,500 from 264,300.
•homebuilding debt was $3.2 billion compared to $2.5 billion.
•homebuilding debt to total capital was 17.8% compared to 17.5%, and net homebuilding debt to total capital was 1.7% compared to (0.3)%.
forestar:
•forestar's revenues increased 42% to $1.3 billion compared to $931.8 million. revenues in fiscal 2021 and 2020 included $1.2 billion and $887.4 million, respectively, of revenue from land and lot sales to our homebuilding segment.
•forestar's lots sold increased 53% to 15,915 compared to 10,373. lots sold to d.r. horton totaled 14,839 compared to 10,164.
•forestar's pre-tax income was $146.6 million, which included an $18.1 million loss on extinguishment of debt, compared to $78.1 million.
•forestar's pre-tax income was 11.1% of forestar revenues compared to 8.4%.
•forestar's cash and cash equivalents totaled $153.6 million compared to $394.3 million.
•forestar's inventories totaled $1.9 billion compared to $1.3 billion.
•forestar's owned and controlled lots totaled 97,000 compared to 60,500. of these lots, 39,200 were under contract to sell to or subject to a right of first offer with d.r. horton compared to 30,400.
•forestar's debt was $704.5 million compared to $641.1 million.
•forestar's debt to total capital was 41.0% compared to 42.4%. forestar's net debt to total capital was 35.2% compared to 22.1%.
financial services:
•financial services revenues increased 41% to $823.6 million compared to $584.9 million.
•financial services pre-tax income increased 49% to $364.6 million compared to $245.2 million.
•financial services pre-tax income was 44.3% of financial services revenues compared to 41.9%.
consolidated results:
•consolidated pre-tax income increased 80% to $5.4 billion compared to $3.0 billion.
•consolidated pre-tax income was 19.3% of consolidated revenues compared to 14.7%.
•income tax expense was $1.2 billion compared to $602.5 million, and our effective tax rate was 21.8% compared to 20.2%.
•net income attributable to d.r. horton increased 76% to $4.2 billion compared to $2.4 billion.
•diluted net income per common share attributable to d.r. horton increased 78% to $11.41 compared to $6.41.
•net cash provided by operations was $534.4 million compared to $1.4 billion.
•stockholders' equity was $14.9 billion compared to $11.8 billion.
•book value per common share increased to $41.81 compared to $32.53.
•debt to total capital was 26.7% compared to 26.6%, and net debt to total capital was 12.9% compared to 9.7%.
results of operations - homebuilding due to the change in aggregation of our homebuilding operating segments into six new reportable segments during fiscal 2021, the following tables and related discussion of our homebuilding results include comparative information for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
based on the new aggregation, our six reporting segments and the states in which we have homebuilding operations are as follows:
northwest:           colorado, oregon, utah and washington southwest:           arizona, california, hawaii, nevada and new mexico south central:       oklahoma and texas southeast:           alabama, florida, louisiana and mississippi east:                georgia, north carolina, south carolina and tennessee north:               delaware, illinois, indiana, iowa, kentucky, maryland, minnesota, nebraska, new jersey, ohio, pennsylvania and virginia net sales orders (1)                                                                                                                                               net homes sold year ended september 30,                                                                                                 % change
2021                           2020                           2019                                          2021 vs 2020                  2020 vs 2019
northwest                                         4,530                          5,308                          3,919                   (15)      %                     35      %
southwest                                         9,456                         10,214                          7,382                    (7)      %                     38      %
south central                                    23,631                         21,511                         14,942                     10      %                     44      %
southeast                                        24,239                         21,103                         15,640                     15      %                     35      %
east                                             14,038                         14,480                         11,011                    (3)      %                     32      %
north                                             5,484                          5,842                          3,671                    (6)      %                     59      %
81,378                         78,458                         56,565                      4      %                     39      %
value (in millions)
northwest                                 $2,320.2                       $2,342.3                       $1,737.4                         (1)      %                     35      %
southwest                                  4,179.3                        3,838.8                        2,909.8                           9      %                     32      %
south central                              6,992.9                        5,555.2                        3,821.5                          26      %                     45      %
southeast                                  7,632.1                        5,781.2                        4,122.0                          32      %                     40      %
east                                       4,496.9                        4,086.3                        3,034.1                          10      %                     35      %
north                                      2,126.8                        2,002.5                        1,218.6                           6      %                     64      %
$27,748.2                      $23,606.3                      $16,843.4                          18      %                     40      %
average selling price northwest                                 $512,200                       $441,300                       $443,300                          16      %                      -      %
southwest                                  442,000                        375,800                        394,200                          18      %                    (5)      %
south central                              295,900                        258,200                        255,800                          15      %                      1      %
southeast                                  314,900                        274,000                        263,600                          15      %                      4      %
east                                       320,300                        282,200                        275,600                          14      %                      2      %
north                                      387,800                        342,800                        332,000                          13      %                      3      %
$341,000                       $300,900                       $297,800                          13      %                      1      %
_____________
(1)net sales orders represent the number and dollar value of new sales contracts executed with customers (gross sales orders), net of cancelled sales orders.
sales order cancellations year ended september 30, cancelled sales orders                                                                       value (in millions)                                                cancellation rate (1)
2021                       2020                       2019                          2021   2020                                                 2019                 2021                    2020                    2019
northwest                              583                        760                        540                    $294.2                        $334.1                        $228.5                   11   %                  13   %                  12   %
southwest                            1,497                      1,994                      1,889                     598.0       739.1                                           697.5                   14   %                  16   %                  20   %
south central                        5,301                      5,432                      4,184                   1,510.2                       1,413.2                       1,064.2                   18   %                  20   %                  22   %
southeast                            5,356                      5,882                      4,323                   1,585.1                       1,604.1                       1,128.1                   18   %                  22   %                  22   %
east                                 3,136                      3,948                      3,488                     947.6                       1,073.4                         937.4                   18   %                  21   %                  24   %
north                                  986                      1,150                        864                     354.6       365.0                                           279.4                   15   %                  16   %                  19   %
16,859                     19,166                     15,288                  $5,289.7                      $5,528.9                      $4,335.1                   17   %                  20   %                  21   %
_____________
(1)cancellation rate represents the number of cancelled sales orders divided by gross sales orders.
net sales orders
2021 versus 2020
the number of net sales orders increased 4% during 2021 compared to 2020, and the value of net sales orders increased 18% to $27.7 billion (81,378 homes) in 2021 from $23.6 billion (78,458 homes) in 2020. the average selling price of net sales orders during fiscal 2021 was $341,000, up 13% from the prior year.
during fiscal 2021, demand for homes remained strong. however, multiple disruptions in the supply chain, combined with the improvement in economic conditions and strong demand for new homes, have resulted in shortages in certain building materials and tightness in the labor market, which has caused our construction cycle to lengthen. as a result, during the second half of fiscal 2021, we slowed our home sales pace to more closely align with our production levels, and we are selling homes later in the construction cycle when we have more certainty regarding the home close date for our homebuyers. based on the stage of completion of our current homes in inventory, production schedules and capacity, we expect to continue restricting the pace of our sales orders in many of our communities in the near term to match our production levels. although these challenges may persist for some time, we expect to ultimately increase our production capacity and close more homes in fiscal 2022 than we closed in fiscal 2021.
in regions with an increase in sales volume, the markets contributing most to the increases were the san antonio and dallas markets in the south central and the florida markets (particularly tampa) in the southeast. in regions with a decrease in sales volume, the markets having the most effect were as follows: the seattle and portland markets in the northwest; the phoenix market in the southwest; the charlotte and atlanta markets in the east; and the minneapolis market in the north.
our sales order cancellation rate (cancelled sales orders divided by gross sales orders for the period) was 17% in 2021 compared to 20% in 2020.
2020 versus 2019
the number of net sales orders increased 39% during 2020 compared to 2019, with significant increases in all of our regions. the value of net sales orders increased 40% to $23.6 billion (78,458 homes) in 2020 from $16.8 billion (56,565 homes) in 2019. the average selling price of net sales orders during 2020 was $300,900, up 1% from the prior year.
the markets contributing most to the increases in sales volumes in our regions were as follows: the denver and portland markets in the northwest; the phoenix and california markets in the southwest; the houston and dallas markets in the south central; the florida markets (particularly tampa) in the southeast; the carolina markets (particularly myrtle beach and charlotte) in the east; and the minneapolis, delaware and indiana markets in the north.
33
our sales order cancellation rate (cancelled sales orders divided by gross sales orders for the period) was 20% in 2020 compared to 21% in 2019.
sales order backlog                                                                                                                                              homes in backlog as of september 30,                                                  % change
2021   2020                                                   2019                  2021 vs 2020                  2020 vs 2019
northwest                                           954                          1,544                            694                   (38)      %                    122      %
southwest                                         3,438                          3,742                          1,673                    (8)      %                    124      %
south central                                     8,733                          7,213                          3,667                     21      %                     97      %
southeast                                         7,319                          6,922                          3,740                      6      %                     85      %
east                                              4,217                          4,857                          2,643                   (13)      %                     84      %
north                                             1,560                          2,405                          1,196                   (35)      %                    101      %
26,221                         26,683                         13,613                    (2)      %                     96      %
value (in millions)
northwest                                   $497.7                         $693.1                         $301.6                        (28)      %                    130      %
southwest                                  1,495.9                        1,341.3                          675.6                          12      %                     99      %
south central                              2,825.4                        1,904.9                          964.2                          48      %                     98      %
southeast                                  2,534.7                        1,968.6                        1,051.3                          29      %                     87      %
east                                       1,469.4                        1,426.4                          748.6                           3      %                     91      %
north                                        640.0        851.3                                            398.8                        (25)      %                    113      %
$9,463.1                       $8,185.6                       $4,140.1                          16      %                     98      %
average selling price northwest                                 $521,700                       $448,900                       $434,600                          16      %                      3      %
southwest                                  435,100                        358,400                        403,800                          21      %                   (11)      %
south central                              323,500                        264,100                        262,900                          22      %                      -      %
southeast                                  346,300                        284,400                        281,100                          22      %                      1      %
east                                       348,400                        293,700                        283,200                          19      %                      4      %
north                                      410,300                        354,000                        333,400                          16      %                      6      %
$360,900                       $306,800                       $304,100                          18      %                      1      %
sales order backlog sales order backlog represents homes under contract but not yet closed at the end of the period. many of the contracts in our sales order backlog are subject to contingencies, including mortgage loan approval and buyers selling their existing homes, which can result in cancellations. a portion of the contracts in backlog will not result in closings due to cancellations.
home closings and revenue                                                                                                                                                        homes closed year ended september 30,                                                                                                       % change
2021                           2020                           2019                                             2021 vs 2020                     2020 vs 2019
northwest                                               5,120                          4,458                          3,878                        15      %                        15      %
southwest                                               9,760                          8,145                          7,578                        20      %                         7      %
south central                                          22,236                         17,965                         15,428                        24      %                        16      %
southeast                                              23,842                         17,921                         15,411                        33      %                        16      %
east                                                   14,678                         12,266                         11,086                        20      %                        11      %
north                                                   6,329                          4,633                          3,594                        37      %                        29      %
81,965                         65,388                         56,975                        25      %                        15      %
home sales revenue (in millions)
northwest                                       $2,515.6                       $1,950.8                       $1,718.3                             29      %                        14      %
southwest                                        4,024.7                        3,173.1                        2,999.7                             27      %                         6      %
south central                                    6,104.2                        4,614.6                        3,932.9                             32      %                        17      %
southeast                                        7,066.1                        4,863.8                        4,009.9                             45      %                        21      %
east                                             4,453.9                        3,408.5                        3,075.9                             31      %                        11      %
north                                            2,338.1                        1,550.0                        1,188.3                             51      %                        30      %
$26,502.6                      $19,560.8                      $16,925.0                             35      %                        16      %
average selling price northwest                                       $491,300                       $437,600                       $443,100                             12      %                       (1)      %
southwest                                        412,400                        389,600                        395,800                              6      %                       (2)      %
south central                                    274,500                        256,900                        254,900                              7      %                         1      %
southeast                                        296,400                        271,400                        260,200                              9      %                         4      %
east                                             303,400                        277,900                        277,500                              9      %                         -      %
north                                            369,400                        334,600                        330,600                             10      %                         1      %
$323,300                       $299,100                       $297,100                              8      %                         1      %
home sales revenue
2021 versus 2020
revenues from home sales increased 35% to $26.5 billion (81,965 homes closed) in 2021 from $19.6 billion (65,388 homes closed) in 2020. home sales revenues increased in all of our regions due to an increase in the number of homes closed and to a lesser extent, an increase in average selling prices.
the number of homes closed in 2021 increased 25% from 2020. the markets contributing most to the increased closing volumes in our regions were as follows: the denver and salt lake city markets in the northwest; the phoenix and california markets in the southwest; the houston and dallas markets in the south central; the florida markets (particularly tampa) in the southeast; the carolina markets (particularly myrtle beach) in the east; and the indiana and delaware markets in the north.
2020 versus 2019
revenues from home sales increased 16% to $19.6 billion (65,388 homes closed) in 2020 from $16.9 billion (56,975 homes closed) in 2019. home sales revenues increased in all of our regions primarily due to an increase in the number of homes closed.
the number of homes closed in 2020 increased 15% from 2019. the markets contributing most to the increase in closing volumes in our regions were as follows: the denver and portland markets in the northwest; the california markets in the southwest; the houston, dallas and san antonio markets in the south central; the florida markets (particularly tampa) in the southeast; the carolina markets (particularly myrtle beach and charlotte) in the east; and the delaware, indiana and iowa markets in the north.
homebuilding operating margin analysis percentages of related revenues year ended september 30,
2021                          2020                          2019
gross profit - home sales                                      25.5    %                     21.8    %                     20.2    %
gross profit - land/lot sales and other                        25.1    %                     27.8    %                     18.3    %
inventory and land option charges                             (0.1)    %                    (0.1)    %                    (0.3)    %
gross profit - total homebuilding                              25.4    %                     21.7    %                     19.9    %
selling, general and administrative expense                     7.3    %                      8.1    %                      8.7    %
other (income) expense                                            -    %                    (0.1)    %                    (0.1)    %
homebuilding pre-tax income                                    18.1    %                     13.6    %                     11.2    %
home sales gross profit
2021 versus 2020
gross profit from home sales increased to $6.9 billion in 2021 from $4.3 billion in 2020 and increased 370 basis points to 25.5% as a percentage of home sales revenues. the percentage increase resulted from improvements of 340 basis points due to the average selling price of our homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes, 20 basis points due to a decrease in the amortization of capitalized interest and 10 basis points due to a decrease in warranty and construction defect costs.
we remain focused on managing the pricing, incentives and sales pace in each of our communities to optimize the returns on our inventory investments and adjust to local market conditions and new home demand. these actions could cause our gross profit margins to fluctuate in future periods. if new home demand declines from current levels, we would expect our gross profit margins to also decline.
2020 versus 2019
gross profit from home sales increased to $4.3 billion in 2020 from $3.4 billion in 2019 and increased 160 basis points to 21.8% as a percentage of home sales revenues. the percentage increase resulted from improvements of 150 basis points due to a decrease in the average cost of our homes closed while the average selling price increased slightly, 20 basis points from a decrease in the amount of purchase accounting adjustments related to prior year acquisitions and 10 basis points due to a decrease in the amortization of capitalized interest, partially offset by increased warranty and construction defect costs of 20 basis points.
land/lot sales and other revenues land/lot sales and other revenues from our homebuilding operations were $75.0 million, $80.7 million and $91.9 million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. we continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. we generally purchase land and lots with the intent to build and sell homes on them. however, some of the land that we purchase includes commercially zoned parcels that we may sell to commercial developers. we may also sell residential lots or land parcels to manage our supply or for other strategic reasons. as of september 30, 2021, our homebuilding operations had $25.4 million of land held for sale that we expect to sell in the next twelve months.
inventory and land option charges at the end of each quarter, we review the performance and outlook for all of our communities and land inventories for indicators of potential impairment and perform detailed impairment evaluations and analyses when necessary. as of september 30, 2021, we determined that no communities were impaired, and no impairment charges were recorded during the three months ended september 30, 2021. there were $5.6 million of homebuilding impairment charges recorded during fiscal 2021 compared to $1.7 million and $24.9 million of impairment charges recorded in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively.
as we manage our inventory investments across our operating markets to optimize returns and cash flows, we may modify our pricing and incentives, construction and development plans or land sale strategies in individual active communities and land held for development, which could result in the affected communities being evaluated for potential impairment. if the housing market or economic conditions are adversely affected for a prolonged period, we may be required to evaluate additional communities for potential impairment. these evaluations could result in additional impairment charges, which could be significant.
during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, earnest money and pre-acquisition cost write-offs related to land purchase contracts that we have terminated or expect to terminate were $19.3 million, $21.2 million and $28.3 million, respectively.
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense sg&a expense from homebuilding activities was $1.9 billion, $1.6 billion and $1.5 billion in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, an increase of 22% in 2021 and 8% in 2020 from the respective prior years. sg&a expense as a percentage of homebuilding revenues was 7.3%, 8.1% and 8.7% in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
employee compensation and related costs were $1.6 billion, $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, representing 81%, 75% and 72% of sg&a costs in those years. these costs increased 31% in 2021 and 13% in 2020. our homebuilding operations employed 8,429, 7,281 and 6,810 people at september 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
we attempt to control our sg&a costs while ensuring that our infrastructure adequately supports our operations; however, we cannot make assurances that we will be able to maintain or improve upon the current sg&a expense as a percentage of revenues.
interest incurred we capitalize interest costs incurred to inventory during active development and construction (active inventory). capitalized interest is charged to cost of sales as the related inventory is delivered to the buyer. interest incurred by our homebuilding operations was $93.6 million, $93.0 million and $104.7 million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. interest charged to cost of sales was 0.7%, 0.8% and 0.9% of total cost of sales (excluding inventory and land option charges) in those years.
other income other income, net of other expenses, included in our homebuilding operations was $10.3 million, $11.7 million and $9.5 million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. other income consists of interest income and various other types of ancillary income, gains, expenses and losses not directly associated with sales of homes, land and lots. the activities that result in this ancillary income are not significant, either individually or in the aggregate.
business acquisition in october 2020, we acquired the homebuilding operations of braselton homes in corpus christi, texas for approximately $23.0 million in cash. the assets acquired included approximately 90 homes in inventory, 95 lots and control of approximately 840 additional lots through purchase contracts. we also acquired a sales order backlog of approximately 125 homes.
homebuilding results by reporting region year ended september 30, homebuilding revenues                                                                    homebuilding pre-tax income (1)                                            pre-tax income as a percentage of homebuilding revenues
2021                       2020                          2019                                                  2021                              2020                              2019                       2021                                2020                                2019
(in millions)
northwest                        $2,516.6                      $1,953.4                      $1,721.5                        $510.8                            $264.5                            $222.9                      20.3     %                          13.5     %                          12.9     %
southwest                         4,071.0                       3,230.3                       3,050.8                         653.1                             366.1                             284.5                      16.0     %                          11.3     %                           9.3     %
south central                     6,111.2                       4,625.9                       3,944.0                       1,150.2                             714.9                             527.6                      18.8     %                          15.5     %                          13.4     %
southeast                         7,079.6                       4,871.5                       4,023.5                       1,371.9                             709.5                             477.8                      19.4     %                          14.6     %                          11.9     %
east                              4,459.0                       3,410.1                       3,081.2                         795.1                             484.3                             361.9                      17.8     %                          14.2     %                          11.7     %
north                             2,340.2                       1,550.3                       1,195.9                         331.7                             126.2                              36.0                      14.2     %                           8.1     %                           3.0     %
$26,577.6                     $19,641.5                     $17,016.9                      $4,812.8                          $2,665.5                          $1,910.7                      18.1     %                          13.6     %                          11.2     %
________
(1)expenses maintained at the corporate level consist primarily of interest and property taxes, which are capitalized and amortized to cost of sales or expensed directly, and the expenses related to operating our corporate office. the amortization of capitalized interest and property taxes is allocated to each segment based on the segment's cost of sales, while expenses associated with the corporate office are allocated to each segment based on the segment's inventory balances.
2021 versus 2020
northwest region - homebuilding revenues increased 29% in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our denver, salt lake city and seattle markets as well as an increase in the average selling price. the region generated pre-tax income of $510.8 million in 2021 compared to $264.5 million in 2020. gross profit from home sales as a percentage of home sales revenue (home sales gross profit percentage) increased by 620 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 60 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
southwest region - homebuilding revenues increased 26% in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our california and phoenix markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $653.1 million in 2021 compared to $366.1 million in 2020. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 380 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 100 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
south central region - homebuilding revenues increased 32% in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our houston, dallas and austin markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $1.2 billion in 2021 compared to $714.9 million in 2020. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 260 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 70 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
southeast region - homebuilding revenues increased 45% in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in all of our markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $1.4 billion in 2021 compared to $709.5 million in 2020. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 390 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 100 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
east region - homebuilding revenues increased 31% in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to increases in the average selling price of homes closed in all markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $795.1 million in 2021 compared to $484.3 million in 2020. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 290 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 70 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
north region - homebuilding revenues increased 51% in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our indianapolis and delaware markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $331.7 million in 2021 compared to $126.2 million in 2020. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 490 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 110 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
2020 versus 2019
northwest region - homebuilding revenues increased 13% in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our denver and portland markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $264.5 million in 2020 compared to $222.9 million in 2019. home sales gross profit percentage decreased by 20 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed decreasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 40 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
southwest region - homebuilding revenues increased 6% in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in most of our markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $366.1 million in 2020 compared to $284.5 million in 2019. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 60 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the average cost of homes closed decreasing by more than the average selling price. the region also benefited from lower inventory and land option charges, which were $3.5 million in 2020 compared to $18.6 million in 2019. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 60 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
south central region - homebuilding revenues increased 17% in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our houston, dallas and san antonio markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $714.9 million in 2020 compared to $527.6 million in 2019. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 140 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to an increase in the average selling price of homes closed while the average cost of those homes decreased. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 60 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
southeast region - homebuilding revenues increased 21% in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in all of our markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $709.5 million in 2020 compared to $477.8 million in 2019. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 210 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 50 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
east region - homebuilding revenues increased 11% in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the average selling price of homes closed in our myrtle beach, knoxville and charlotte markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $484.3 million in 2020 compared to $361.9 million in 2019. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 210 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to an increase in the average selling price of homes closed while the average cost of those homes decreased. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 30 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
north region - homebuilding revenues increased 30% in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our delaware, iowa, indianapolis and new jersey markets. the region generated pre-tax income of $126.2 million in 2020 compared to $36.0 million in 2019. home sales gross profit percentage increased by 380 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to an increase in the average selling price of homes closed while the average cost of those homes decreased. as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, sg&a expenses decreased by 130 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues.
homebuilding inventories, land and lot position and homes in inventory we routinely enter into contracts to purchase land or developed residential lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. at the time of purchase, the undeveloped land is generally vested with the rights to begin development or construction work, and we plan and coordinate the development of our land into residential lots for use in our homebuilding business. we manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory.
our homebuilding segment's inventories at september 30, 2021 and 2020 are summarized as follows:
september 30, 2021
construction in progress and                    residential land/lots developed                        land held                  land held                     total inventory finished homes                              and under development                  for development                   for sale
(in millions)
northwest                                          $609.6                                            $685.4                                    $-                        $12.5                          $1,307.5
southwest                                         1,113.5                                           1,315.8                                   6.9                          9.4                           2,445.6
south central                                     1,977.4                                           1,501.5                                   0.4                            -                           3,479.3
southeast                                         2,002.4                                           1,160.1                                  16.1                            -                           3,178.6
east                                              1,124.6                                             792.3                                   1.3                          1.4                           1,919.6
north                                               901.4                                             460.4                                   5.3                          1.8                           1,368.9
corporate and unallocated (1)                       119.1                                              88.5                                   0.4                          0.3         208.3
$7,848.0                                          $6,004.0                                 $30.4                        $25.4                         $13,907.8
september 30, 2020
construction in progress and                    residential land/lots developed                        land held                  land held                     total inventory finished homes                              and under development                  for development                   for sale
(in millions)
northwest                                          $573.3                                            $410.8                                    $-                         $0.5                            $984.6
southwest                                           973.7                                           1,063.5                                   7.3                         18.8                           2,063.3
south central                                     1,434.6                                           1,141.7                                   0.3                          1.0                           2,577.6
southeast                                         1,445.9                                           1,170.7                                  31.7                          0.6                           2,648.9
east                                                917.5                                             615.6                                   0.9                          6.2                           1,540.2
north                                               570.6                                             398.5                                   7.0                          0.8         976.9
corporate and unallocated (1)                       121.9                                             100.6                                   0.6                          0.4         223.5
$6,037.5                                          $4,901.4                                 $47.8                        $28.3                         $11,015.0
_____________
(1)corporate and unallocated inventory consists primarily of capitalized interest and property taxes.
our land and lot position and homes in inventory at september 30, 2021 and 2020 are summarized as follows:
september 30, 2021
land/lotsowned (1)                lots controlled through                  total land/lots                  homes ininventory (4)
land and lot purchase                        owned and contracts (2)(3)                       controlled northwest                               9,000                                 31,400                           40,400                                  2,600
southwest                              22,800                                 34,300                           57,100                                  5,500
south central                          42,800                                 79,000                          121,800                                 14,000
southeast                              26,700                                125,500                          152,200                                 13,600
east                                   17,300                                 83,100                          100,400                                  7,300
north                                   9,200                                 49,200                           58,400                                  4,800
127,800                                402,500                          530,300                                 47,800
24                                          %                           76         %                      100       %
september 30, 2020
land/lotsowned (1)                lots controlled through                  total land/lots                  homes ininventory (4)
land and lot purchase                        owned and contracts (2)(3)                       controlled northwest                               5,000                                 21,300                           26,300                                  2,500
southwest                              21,300                                 19,800                           41,100                                  4,500
south central                          35,400                                 57,400                           92,800                                 11,300
southeast                              29,100                                 84,700                          113,800                                 10,200
east                                   12,200                                 54,800                           67,000                                  6,400
north                                   9,600                                 26,300                           35,900                                  3,100
112,600                                264,300                          376,900                                 38,000
30                                          %                           70         %                      100       %
________________________
(1)land/lots owned included approximately 30,800 and 33,800 owned lots that are fully developed and ready for home construction at september 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. land/lots owned also included land held for development representing 1,300 and 1,600 lots at september 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(2)the total remaining purchase price of lots controlled through land and lot purchase contracts at september 30, 2021 and 2020 was $15.5 billion and $9.9 billion, respectively, secured by earnest money deposits of $1.1 billion and $653.4 million, respectively. the total remaining purchase price of lots controlled through land and lot purchase contracts at september 30, 2021 and 2020 included $1.6 billion and $1.0 billion, respectively, related to lot purchase contracts with forestar, secured by $151.0 million and $98.2 million, respectively, of earnest money.
(3)lots controlled at september 30, 2021 included approximately 39,200 lots owned or controlled by forestar, 21,000 of which our homebuilding divisions have under contract to purchase and 18,200 of which our homebuilding divisions have a right of first offer to purchase. of these, approximately 17,800 lots were in our southeast region, 6,500 lots were in our east region, 5,400 lots were in our southwest region, 4,600 lots were in our south central region, 3,400 lots were in our north region and 1,500 lots were in our northwest region. lots controlled at september 30, 2020 included approximately 30,400 lots owned or controlled by forestar, 14,000 of which our homebuilding divisions had under contract to purchase and 16,400 of which our homebuilding divisions had a right of first offer to purchase.
(4)approximately 21,700 and 14,900 of our homes in inventory were unsold at september 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. at september 30, 2021, approximately 900 of our unsold homes were completed, of which approximately 100 homes had been completed for more than six months. at september 30, 2020, approximately 1,900 of our unsold homes were completed, of which approximately 300 homes had been completed for more than six months. homes in inventory exclude approximately 1,800 model homes at both september 30, 2021 and 2020.
results of operations - forestar in fiscal 2018, we acquired 75% of the outstanding shares of forestar and at september 30, 2021, we owned 63% of its outstanding shares. forestar is a publicly traded residential lot development company with operations in 56 markets across 23 states as of september 30, 2021. forestar's segment results are presented on their historical cost basis, consistent with the manner in which management evaluates segment performance. (see note b to the accompanying financial statements for additional forestar segment information.)
results of operations for the forestar segment for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
year ended september 30,
2021                            2020
(in millions)
residential lot sales                                          $1,293.1                          $880.3
tract sales and other                                              32.7                            51.5
total revenues                                                  1,325.8                           931.8
cost of sales                                                   1,096.6                           813.7
selling, general and administrative expense                        68.4                            45.7
gain on sale of assets                                            (2.5)                           (0.1)
loss on extinguishment of debt                                     18.1                               -
other (income) expense                                            (1.4)                           (5.6)
income before income taxes                                       $146.6                           $78.1
residential land and lot sales primarily consist of the sale of single-family lots to local, regional and national homebuilders. during fiscal 2021 and 2020, forestar's land and lot sales, including the portion sold to d.r. horton and the revenues generated from those sales, were as follows:
year ended september 30,
2021   2020
($ in millions)
total residential single-family lots sold                                    15,915                          10,373
residential single-family lots sold to d.r. horton                           14,839                          10,164
residential lot sales revenues from sales to d.r. horton                   $1,206.5                          $861.8
tract acres sold to d.r. horton                                                  85        143
tract sales revenues from sales to d.r. horton                                $25.9                           $25.6
sg&a expense for fiscal 2021 and 2020 included charges of $4.0 million and $5.0 million, respectively, related to the shared services agreement between forestar and d.r. horton whereby d.r. horton provides forestar with certain administrative, compliance, operational and procurement services.
loss on extinguishment of debt of $18.1 million in fiscal 2021 was due to forestar's redemption of its $350 million principal amount of 8.0% senior notes due 2024 in may 2021.
at september 30, 2021, forestar owned directly or controlled through land and lot purchase contracts 97,000 residential lots, of which approximately 5,300 are fully developed. approximately 39,200 of these lots are under contract to sell to d.r. horton or subject to a right of first offer under the master supply agreement with d.r. horton. approximately 800 of these lots are under contract to sell to other builders.
results of operations - financial services the following tables and related discussion set forth key operating and financial data for our financial services operations, comprising dhi mortgage and our subsidiary title companies, for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020.
year ended september 30,
2021                       2020                   % change number of first-lien loans originated or brokered by dhi mortgage for d.r. horton homebuyers                      54,694                     44,600                    23    %
number of homes closed by d.r. horton                                                                             81,965                     65,388                    25    %
percentage of d.r. horton homes financed by dhi mortgage                                                         67    %                    68    %
number of total loans originated or brokered by dhi mortgage for d.r. horton homebuyers                           54,767                     44,738                    22    %
total number of loans originated or brokered by dhi mortgage                                                      56,054                     46,010                    22    %
captive business percentage                                                                                      98    %                    97    %
loans sold by dhi mortgage to third parties                                                                       54,977                     44,423                    24    %
year ended september 30,
2021                        2020                   % change
(in millions)
loan origination and other fees                                                      $48.1                       $39.5                        22    %
gains on sale of mortgage loans and mortgage servicing rights                        619.1                       437.2                        42    %
servicing income                                                                       3.6                           -                         -    %
total mortgage operations revenues                                                   670.8                       476.7                        41    %
title policy premiums                                                                152.8                       108.2                        41    %
total revenues                                                                       823.6                       584.9                        41    %
general and administrative expense                                                   488.3                       364.7                        34    %
other (income) expense                                                              (29.3)                      (25.0)                        17    %
financial services pre-tax income                                                   $364.6                      $245.2                        49    %
financial services operating margin analysis percentages of financial services revenues year ended september 30,
2021                                2020
general and administrative expense                      59.3     %                          62.4     %
other (income) expense                                 (3.6)     %                         (4.3)     %
financial services pre-tax income                       44.3     %                          41.9     %
mortgage loan activity the volume of loans originated by our mortgage operations is directly related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. in fiscal 2021, the volume of first-lien loans originated or brokered by dhi mortgage for our homebuyers increased 23% from the prior year due to a 25% increase in the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations.
homes closed by our homebuilding operations constituted 98% and 97% of dhi mortgage loan originations in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. these percentages reflect dhi mortgage's consistent focus on the captive business provided by our homebuilding operations.
the number of loans sold increased 24% in fiscal 2021 compared to the prior year. virtually all of the mortgage loans held for sale on september 30, 2021 were eligible for sale to fannie mae, freddie mac or ginnie mae. during fiscal 2021, approximately 52% of our mortgage loans were sold directly to fannie mae or into securities backed by ginnie mae, and 41% were sold to two other major financial entities. changes in market conditions could result in a greater concentration of our mortgage sales in future periods to fewer financial entities and directly to fannie mae or ginnie mae, and we may need to make other adjustments to our mortgage operations.
financial services revenues and expenses revenues from our mortgage operations increased 41% to $670.8 million in fiscal 2021 from $476.7 million in fiscal 2020, primarily due to a 22% increase in loan originations and higher net gains achieved on the sale of loan originations in the secondary market. revenues from our title operations increased 41% to $152.8 million in fiscal 2021 from $108.2 million in fiscal 2020, primarily due to a 30% increase in escrow closings.
general and administrative (g&a) expense related to our financial services operations increased 34% to $488.3 million in fiscal 2021 from $364.7 million in the prior year. the increase was primarily due to an increase in employee related costs to support a higher volume of transactions. our financial services operations employed 2,891 and 2,163 people at september 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
as a percentage of financial services revenues, g&a expense was 59.3% in fiscal 2021 compared to 62.4% in the prior year. fluctuations in financial services g&a expense as a percentage of revenues can occur because some components of revenue fluctuate differently than loan volumes, and some expenses are not directly related to mortgage loan volume or to changes in the amount of revenue earned.
other income, net of other expense, included in our financial services operations consists primarily of the interest income of our mortgage subsidiary.
as a result of the revenue increase from a higher volume of mortgage originations and escrow closings and better leverage of our g&a expenses, pre-tax income from our financial services operations increased 49% to $364.6 million in fiscal 2021 from $245.2 million in fiscal 2020.
results of operations - rental our rental segment consists of multi-family and single-family rental operations. the multi-family rental operations develop, construct, lease, own and ultimately sell the residential properties. we primarily focus on constructing garden style multi-family rental communities, which typically accommodate 200 to 400 dwelling units, in high growth suburban markets. the single-family rental operations construct single-family rental homes with the intent to later market the community for a bulk sale of homes. multi-family and single-family rental property sales are recognized as revenues, and rental income is recognized as other income. results of operations for the rental segment for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
year ended september 30,
2021                          2020
(in millions)
revenues single-family rental                                               $75.9                            $-
multi-family rental                                                191.9                         128.5
total revenues                                                     267.8                         128.5
cost of sales single-family rental                                                42.4                             -
multi-family rental                                                119.1                          69.0
total cost of sales                                                161.5                          69.0
selling, general and administrative expense                         44.6                          27.8
other (income) expense                                            (24.8)                         (8.1)
income before income taxes                                         $86.5                         $39.8
during fiscal 2021, we sold three multi-family rental properties for $191.9 million (960 total units) compared to two properties (540 total units) in fiscal 2020 for $128.5 million. during fiscal 2021, we sold three single-family rental properties (260 total homes) for $75.9 million. there were no bulk sales of single-family rental properties in fiscal 2020.
at september 30, 2021, our rental property inventory of $840.9 million included $425.1 million of assets related to our multi-family rental operations and $415.8 million of assets related to our single-family rental operations. at september 30, 2021, we had 15 multi-family rental properties under active construction and one community that was substantially complete and in the lease-up phase. these 16 communities represent 4,690 multi-family units, including 4,340 units under active construction and 350 completed units. at september 30, 2021, our single-family rental properties (55 total communities) included 2,650 homes and finished lots, of which 865 homes were completed.
at september 30, 2020, our rental property inventory of $316.0 million included $229.9 million of assets related to our multi-family rental operations and $86.1 million of assets related to our single-family rental operations. at september 30, 2020, we had five multi-family rental properties under active construction and one community that was substantially complete and in the lease-up phase. these six communities represent 1,730 multi-family units, including 1,430 units under active construction and 300 completed units. at september 30, 2020, our single-family rental properties (10 total communities) included 740 homes and finished lots, of which 440 homes were completed.
results of operations - other businesses in addition to our homebuilding, forestar, financial services and rental operations, we engage in other business activities through our subsidiaries. we conduct insurance-related operations, own non-residential real estate including ranch land and improvements and own and operate energy related assets. the pre-tax income of all of our subsidiaries engaged in other business activities was $32.7 million in fiscal 2021 compared to $14.8 million in fiscal 2020.
results of operations - consolidated income before income taxes pre-tax income was $5.4 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to $3.0 billion in fiscal 2020. the increase was primarily due to an increase in pre-tax income generated by our homebuilding operations as a result of higher revenues from increased home closings and an increase in home sales gross margin. in fiscal 2021, our homebuilding, financial services, forestar and rental businesses generated pre-tax income of $4.8 billion, $364.6 million, $146.6 million and $86.5 million, respectively, compared to $2.7 billion, $245.2 million, $78.1 million and $39.8 million, respectively, in fiscal 2020.
income taxes our income tax expense was $1.2 billion and $602.5 million in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, and our effective tax rate was 21.8% and 20.2% in those years. the effective tax rates in fiscal 2021 and 2020 include an expense for state income taxes, tax benefits related to stock-based compensation and a reduction of 2.2% and 3.1%, respectively, for tax benefits related to the federal energy efficient homes tax credit. our effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 also includes a reduction of 0.4% for a tax benefit related to the release of a valuation allowance against our state deferred tax assets.
our deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, were $159.5 million at september 30, 2021 compared to $152.4 million at september 30, 2020. we have a valuation allowance of $4.2 million and $7.5 million at september 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to state deferred tax assets for net operating loss (nol) carryforwards that are more likely than not to expire before being realized. we will continue to evaluate both the positive and negative evidence in determining the need for a valuation allowance with respect to our remaining state nol carryforwards. any reversal of the valuation allowance in future periods will impact our effective tax rate.
d.r. horton has $10.3 million of tax benefits for state nol carryforwards that expire at various times depending on the tax jurisdiction. of the total amount, $2.9 million of the tax benefits expire over the next ten years and the remaining $7.4 million expire from fiscal years 2032 to 2041. forestar has $1.4 million of tax benefits for state nol carryforwards that expire at various times depending on the tax jurisdiction.
the accounting for deferred taxes is based upon estimates of future results. differences between the anticipated and actual outcomes of these future results could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. also, changes in existing federal and state tax laws and tax rates could affect future tax results and the valuation of our deferred tax assets.
unrecognized tax benefits are the differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the benefits recognized in our financial statements. our unrecognized tax benefits totaled $2.9 million and $8.9 million at september 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
d.r. horton is subject to federal income tax and state income tax in multiple jurisdictions. the statute of limitations for d.r. horton's major tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for fiscal years 2018 through 2021. a federal refund claim related to the retroactive extension of energy efficient homes tax credits for fiscal year 2018 is currently under audit by the internal revenue service. d.r. horton is under audit by various states, however, we are not aware of any significant findings by the state taxing authorities.
forestar is subject to federal income tax and state income tax in multiple jurisdictions. the statute of limitations for forestar's major tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for tax years 2016 through 2021. forestar is not currently under audit for federal or state income taxes.
capital resources and liquidity we have historically funded our operations with cash flows from operating activities, borrowings under bank credit facilities and the issuance of new debt securities. our current levels of cash, borrowing capacity and balance sheet leverage provide us with the operational flexibility to adjust to changes in economic and market conditions.
during fiscal 2021 and currently, we have and continue to increase our investments in homebuilding inventories and single-family and multi-family rental properties to expand our operations and grow our revenues and profitability, as well as consider opportunistic strategic investments as they may arise. we are also returning capital to our shareholders through dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock. in the last two fiscal years, we have maintained higher homebuilding cash balances than in prior years to support the increased scale and level of activity in our business and to provide flexibility to adjust to changing conditions and opportunities.
at september 30, 2021, our ratio of debt to total capital (notes payable divided by stockholders' equity plus notes payable) was 26.7% compared to 26.6% at september 30, 2020. our ratio of homebuilding debt to total capital (homebuilding notes payable divided by stockholders' equity plus homebuilding notes payable) was 17.8% compared to 17.5% at september 30, 2020. over the long term, we intend to maintain our ratio of homebuilding debt to total capital below 30%, and we expect it to remain significantly lower than 30% throughout fiscal 2022. we believe that the ratio of homebuilding debt to total capital is useful in understanding the leverage employed in our homebuilding operations and comparing our capital structure with other homebuilders. we exclude the debt of forestar and our financial services business because they are separately capitalized and not guaranteed by our parent company or any of our homebuilding entities.
as of september 30, 2021, we had outstanding notes payable with varying maturities totaling an aggregate principal amount of $5.4 billion, with $1.9 billion payable within 12 months. future interest payments associated with the notes total $451.4 million, with $156.4 million payable within 12 months.
at september 30, 2021, we had outstanding letters of credit of $247.4 million and surety bonds of $2.3 billion, issued by third parties to secure performance under various contracts. we expect that our performance obligations secured by these letters of credit and bonds will generally be completed in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the applicable contractual terms. when we complete our performance obligations, the related letters of credit and bonds are generally released shortly thereafter, leaving us with no continuing obligations. we have no material third-party guarantees.
we regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock and maintain sufficient cash levels to support our other operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital. d.r. horton has an automatically effective universal shelf registration statement filed with the sec in july 2021, registering debt and equity securities that may be issued from time to time in amounts to be determined. forestar also has an effective shelf registration statement filed with the sec in september 2018, registering $500 million of equity securities. at september 30, 2021, $359.9 million remained available under forestar's shelf registration statement, of which $65.6 million was reserved for sales under its at-the-market equity offering program. in october 2021, after the expiration of forestar's existing registration statement and at-the-market equity offering program, a new shelf registration statement became effective, registering $750 million of equity securities. forestar anticipates entering into a new at-the-market equity offering program under this new registration statement. as market conditions permit, we may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to fund our projected capital requirements or provide additional liquidity. we believe that our existing cash resources, revolving credit facilities, mortgage repurchase facility and ability to access the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations.
capital resources - homebuilding cash and cash equivalents - at september 30, 2021, cash and cash equivalents of our homebuilding segment totaled $3.0 billion.
bank credit facilities - in april 2021, our senior unsecured homebuilding revolving credit facility was amended to increase its capacity to $2.19 billion with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $3.0 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. the maturity date of the facility was extended to april 20, 2026. the facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to 100% of the revolving credit commitment. letters of credit issued under the facility reduce the available borrowing capacity. the interest rate on borrowings under the revolving credit facility may be based on either the prime rate or london interbank offered rate (libor) plus an applicable margin, as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility. at september 30, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding and $187.1 million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility, resulting in available capacity of $2.0 billion.
our $375 million 364-day senior unsecured homebuilding revolving credit facility was not renewed upon its maturity in may 2021.
our homebuilding revolving credit facility imposes restrictions on our operations and activities, including requiring the maintenance of a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction if our leverage ratio exceeds a certain level. these covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. a failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. the credit agreement governing the facility imposes restrictions on the creation of secured debt and liens. at september 30, 2021, we were in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of our homebuilding revolving credit facility.
public unsecured debt - we have $3.15 billion principal amount of homebuilding senior notes outstanding as of september 30, 2021 that mature from september 2022 through october 2027. in october 2020, we issued $500 million principal amount of 1.4% senior notes due october 15, 2027, with interest payable semi-annually. the annual effective interest rate of these notes after giving effect to the amortization of the discount and financing costs is 1.6%. in december 2020, we repaid $400 million principal amount of our 2.55% senior notes at maturity. in august 2021, we issued $600 million principal amount of 1.3% senior notes due october 15, 2026, with interest payable semi-annually. the annual effective interest rate of these notes after giving effect to the amortization of the discount and financing costs is 1.5%. the indentures governing our senior notes impose restrictions on the creation of secured debt and liens. at september 30, 2021, we were in compliance with all of the limitations and restrictions associated with our public debt obligations.
debt and stock repurchase authorizations - in july 2019, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $500 million of debt securities. in april 2021, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of our common stock, replacing the prior authorization. during fiscal 2021, we repurchased 10.4 million shares of our common stock for $874.0 million. at september 30, 2021, the full amount of the debt repurchase authorization was remaining, and $546.2 million of the stock repurchase authorization was remaining. these authorizations have no expiration date.
capital resources - forestar the achievement of forestar's long-term growth objectives will depend on its ability to obtain financing in sufficient capacities. as market conditions permit, forestar may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to provide capital for future growth and additional liquidity. at september 30, 2021, forestar's ratio of debt to total capital (notes payable divided by stockholders' equity plus notes payable) was 41.0% compared to 42.4% at september 30, 2020. forestar's ratio of net debt to total capital (notes payable net of cash divided by stockholders' equity plus notes payable net of cash) was 35.2% compared to 22.1% at september 30, 2020.
cash and cash equivalents - at september 30, 2021, forestar had cash and cash equivalents of $153.6 million.
bank credit facility - in april 2021, forestar's senior unsecured revolving credit facility was amended to increase its capacity to $410 million with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $600 million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. the maturity date of the facility was extended to april 16, 2025. the facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to the greater of $100 million and 50% of the revolving credit commitment. borrowings under the revolving credit facility are subject to a borrowing base calculation based on forestar's book value of its real estate assets and unrestricted cash. letters of credit issued under the facility reduce the available borrowing capacity. borrowings and repayments under the facility totaled $58.0 million each during fiscal 2021. at september 30, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding and $60.3 million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility, resulting in available capacity of $349.7 million.
the forestar revolving credit facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, events of default and financial covenants. the financial covenants require forestar to maintain a minimum level of tangible net worth, a minimum level of liquidity and a maximum allowable leverage ratio. these covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. a failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity.
unsecured debt - as of september 30, 2021, forestar had $700 million principal amount of senior notes issued pursuant to rule 144a and regulation s under the securities act of 1933, as amended, which represent unsecured obligations of forestar. these notes include $400 million principal amount of 3.85% senior notes issued in april 2021 that mature may 15, 2026 with interest payable semiannually. the annual effective interest rate of the notes after giving effect to the amortization of financing costs is 4.1%. the net proceeds from this issuance were primarily used to redeem forestar's $350 million principal amount of 8.0% senior notes due 2024 in may 2021. the redemption price of $365.6 million included a call premium of $14.0 million and accrued and unpaid interest of $1.6 million. forestar recognized an $18.1 million loss on extinguishment of debt upon redemption of the notes. forestar also has $300 million principal amount of 5.0% senior notes that mature march 1, 2028. the annual effective interest rate of the notes after giving effect to the amortization of financing costs is 5.2%. forestar's senior notes may be redeemed prior to maturity, subject to certain limitations and premiums defined in the indenture agreements.
forestar's revolving credit facility and its senior notes are not guaranteed by d.r. horton, inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee our homebuilding debt. at september 30, 2021, forestar was in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of its revolving credit facility and senior note obligations.
debt repurchase authorization - effective april 30, 2020, forestar's board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $30 million of forestar's debt securities. all of the $30 million authorization was remaining at september 30, 2021, and the authorization has no expiration date.
issuance of common stock - during fiscal 2021, forestar issued 1.4 million shares of common stock under its at-the-market equity offering program for proceeds of $33.4 million, net of commissions and other issuance costs. at september 30, 2021, $359.9 million remained available for issuance under forestar's shelf registration statement, of which $65.6 million was reserved for sales under its at-the-market equity offering program. in october 2021, after the expiration of forestar's existing registration statement and at-the-market equity offering program, a new shelf registration statement became effective, registering $750 million of equity securities. forestar anticipates entering into a new at-the-market equity offering program under this new registration statement.
capital resources - financial services cash and cash equivalents - at september 30, 2021, cash and cash equivalents of our financial services operations totaled $79.0 million.
mortgage repurchase facility - our mortgage subsidiary, dhi mortgage, has a mortgage repurchase facility that provides financing and liquidity to dhi mortgage by facilitating purchase transactions in which dhi mortgage transfers eligible loans to the counterparties upon receipt of funds from the counterparties. dhi mortgage then has the right and obligation to repurchase the purchased loans upon their sale to third-party purchasers in the secondary market or within specified time frames from 45 to 60 days in accordance with the terms of the mortgage repurchase facility. the total capacity of the facility is $1.4 billion; however, the capacity automatically increases during certain higher volume periods and can be further increased through additional commitments. the total capacity of the facility at september 30, 2021 was $1.8 billion, and its maturity date is february 18, 2022.
as of september 30, 2021, $1.9 billion of mortgage loans held for sale with a collateral value of $1.9 billion were pledged under the mortgage repurchase facility. as a result of advance paydowns totaling $362.4 million, dhi mortgage had an obligation of $1.5 billion outstanding under the mortgage repurchase facility at september 30, 2021 at a 2.1% annual interest rate.
the mortgage repurchase facility is not guaranteed by d.r. horton, inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee our homebuilding debt. the facility contains financial covenants as to the mortgage subsidiary's minimum required tangible net worth, its maximum allowable leverage ratio and its minimum required liquidity. these covenants are measured and reported to the lenders monthly. at september 30, 2021, dhi mortgage was in compliance with all of the conditions and covenants of the mortgage repurchase facility.
in the past, dhi mortgage has been able to renew or extend its mortgage credit facility at a sufficient capacity and on satisfactory terms prior to its maturity and obtain temporary additional commitments through amendments to the credit agreement during periods of higher than normal volumes of mortgages held for sale. the liquidity of our financial services business depends upon its continued ability to renew and extend the mortgage repurchase facility or to obtain other additional financing in sufficient capacities.
capital resources - rental cash and cash equivalents - at september 30, 2021, cash and cash equivalents of our rental operations segment totaled $16.8 million. during fiscal 2021, we substantially increased the investment in our rental operations. the inventory in our rental segment totaled $840.9 million at september 30, 2021 compared to $316.0 million at september 30, 2020. to date, we have funded our rental operations with capital from our homebuilding operations. our rental operations had no debt outstanding at september 30, 2021; however, we are currently exploring debt financing with our banks to fund a portion of the expected future growth. over the longer term, as our rental operations continue to grow, we plan to evaluate additional capital sources to fund future growth opportunities.
operating cash flow activities in fiscal 2021, net cash provided by operating activities was $534.4 million compared to $1.4 billion in fiscal 2020. cash provided by operating activities in the current year consisted of $1.2 billion of cash provided by our homebuilding segment, which was partially offset by cash used in our forestar, financial services and rental segments. the most significant source of cash provided by operating activities in both periods was net income.
cash used to increase construction in progress and finished home inventory was $1.7 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to $739.1 million in fiscal 2020. in both years, the expenditures were made to increase our homes in inventory in response to the strength of homebuyer demand. cash used to increase residential land and lots was $1.7 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to $324.4 million in fiscal 2020. of these amounts, $585.6 million and $281.5 million, respectively, related to forestar.
during the six months ended september 30, 2021, we increased our single-family and multi-family rental properties by $303.6 million, which is reflected as cash used in operating activities. prior to the change in presentation of rental operations, as discussed in note a to the accompanying financial statements, cash activities related to rental properties were presented as investing activities. during the six month period ended march 31, 2021 and in fiscal 2020, expenditures related to rental properties were $173.9 million and $190.3 million, respectively, and are reflected as cash used in investing activities.
investing cash flow activities in fiscal 2021, net cash used in investing activities was $252.2 million compared to $166.1 million in fiscal 2020. in fiscal 2021, uses of cash included expenditures related to our rental operations totaling $173.9 million, purchases of property and equipment totaling $93.5 million and the acquisition of the homebuilding operations of braselton homes for $23.0 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of a single-family rental community for $31.8 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. in fiscal 2020, uses of cash included expenditures related to our rental operations totaling $190.3 million and purchases of property and equipment totaling $96.5 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of assets, primarily consisting of $128.5 million related to the sale of two multi-family rental properties.
financing cash flow activities we expect the short-term financing needs of our operations will be funded with existing cash, cash generated from operations and borrowings under our credit facilities. long-term financing needs for our operations may be funded with the issuance of senior unsecured debt securities or equity securities through the capital markets.
in fiscal 2021, net cash used in financing activities was $85.1 million, consisting primarily of repayment of $400 million principal amount of our 2.55% homebuilding senior notes at maturity, forestar's early redemption of its $350 million principal amount of 8.0% senior notes, cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock of $848.4 million and payment of cash dividends totaling $289.3 million. these uses of cash were partially offset by note proceeds from our issuance of $500 million principal amount of 1.4% homebuilding senior notes and $600 million principal amount of 1.3% homebuilding senior notes, forestar's issuance of $400 million principal amount of 3.85% senior notes and net advances of $362.0 million on our mortgage repurchase facility.
in fiscal 2020, net cash provided by financing activities was $270.6 million, consisting primarily of note proceeds of $1.1 billion from draws on our homebuilding revolving credit facility, our issuance of $500 million principal amount of 2.5% homebuilding senior notes, our issuance of $500 million principal amount of 2.6% homebuilding senior notes, forestar's issuance of $300 million principal amount of 5.0% senior notes and net advances of $243.7 million on our mortgage repurchase facility. note proceeds were partially offset by repayment of amounts drawn on our homebuilding revolving credit facility totaling $1.1 billion, repayment of $500 million principal amount of our 4.0% homebuilding senior notes at maturity, forestar's repayment of $118.9 million principal amount of its 3.75% convertible senior notes at maturity, cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock of $360.4 million and payment of cash dividends totaling $256.0 million.
our board of directors approved and paid quarterly cash dividends of $0.20 per common share in fiscal 2021 and $0.175 per common share in fiscal 2020. in october 2021, our board of directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.225 per common share, payable on december 15, 2021, to stockholders of record on december 6, 2021. the declaration of future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other things, our future earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, financial condition and general business conditions.
supplemental guarantor financial information as of september 30, 2021, d.r. horton, inc. had $3.15 billion principal amount of homebuilding senior notes outstanding due through october 2027 and no amounts outstanding on its homebuilding revolving credit facility.
all of the homebuilding senior notes and the homebuilding revolving credit facility are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by certain subsidiaries of d.r. horton, inc. (guarantors or guarantor subsidiaries). each of the guarantor subsidiaries is 100% owned, directly or indirectly, by d.r. horton, inc. our subsidiaries associated with the forestar lot development operations, financial services operations, multi-family residential construction and certain other subsidiaries do not guarantee the homebuilding senior notes or the homebuilding revolving credit facility (collectively, non-guarantor subsidiaries). the guarantees are senior unsecured obligations of each guarantor and rank equal with all existing and future senior debt of such guarantor and senior to all subordinated debt of such guarantor. the guarantees are effectively subordinated to any secured debt of such guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. the guarantees will be structurally subordinated to indebtedness and other liabilities of non-guarantor subsidiaries of the guarantors.
the guarantees by a guarantor subsidiary will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon: (1) the sale or other disposition of its common stock whereby it is no longer a subsidiary of ours; (2) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets (other than to us or another guarantor); (3) its merger or consolidation with an entity other than us or another guarantor; or (4) its ceasing to guarantee any of our publicly traded debt securities and ceasing to guarantee any of our obligations under our homebuilding revolving credit facility.
the following tables present summarized financial information for d.r. horton, inc. and the guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis after intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated among d.r. horton, inc. and the guarantor subsidiaries, as well as their investment in, and equity in earnings from the non-guarantor subsidiaries.
d.r. horton, inc. and guarantor subsidiaries summarized balance sheet data                                                          september 30, 2021
(in millions)
assets cash                                                                                 $2,893.3
inventories                                                                          14,203.2
amount due from non-guarantor subsidiaries         592.4
total assets                                                                         19,724.9
liabilities &amp; stockholders' equity notes payable                                                                        $3,214.0
total liabilities                                                                     6,157.4
stockholders' equity                                                                 13,567.5
summarized statement of operations data                                     year ended september 30, 2021
(in millions)
revenues                                                                            $26,566.8
cost of sales                                                                        19,824.1
selling, general and administrative expense                                           1,889.4
income before income taxes                                                            4,825.6
net income                                                                            3,786.5
a court could void or subordinate any guarantor's guarantee under the fraudulent conveyance laws if existing or future creditors of any such guarantor were successful in establishing that: (i) such guarantee was incurred with fraudulent intent; or (ii) such guarantor did not receive fair consideration or reasonably equivalent value for issuing its guarantee and was insolvent at the time of the guarantee, was rendered insolvent by reason of the guarantee, was engaged in a business or transaction for which its assets constituted unreasonably small capital to carry on its business, or intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debt beyond its ability to pay such debt as it matured.
the measures of insolvency for purposes of determining whether a fraudulent conveyance occurred would vary depending upon the laws of the relevant jurisdiction and upon the valuation assumptions and methodology applied by the court. generally, however, a company would be considered insolvent for purposes of the foregoing if the sum of the company's debts, including contingent, unliquidated and unmatured liabilities, is greater than all of such company's property at a fair valuation, or if the present fair saleable value of the company's assets is less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured.
the indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes contain a "savings clause," which limits the liability of each guarantor on its guarantee to the maximum amount that such guarantor can incur without risk that its guarantee will be subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer. this provision may not be effective to protect such guarantees from fraudulent transfer challenges or, if it does, it may reduce such guarantor's obligation such that the remaining amount due and collectible under the guarantees would not suffice, if necessary, to pay the notes in full when due.
on the basis of historical financial information, operating history and other factors, we believe that each of the guarantors, after giving effect to the issuance of the guarantees when such guarantees were issued, was not insolvent, did not have unreasonably small capital for the business in which it engaged and did not and has not incurred debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. we cannot assure you, however, as to what standard a court would apply in making these determinations or that a court would agree with our conclusions in this regard.
seasonality although significant changes in market conditions have impacted our seasonal patterns in the past and could do so again in the future, we generally close more homes and generate greater revenues and pre-tax income in the third and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. the seasonal nature of our business can also cause significant variations in the working capital requirements for our homebuilding, lot development, financial services and rental operations. as a result of seasonal activity, our quarterly results of operations and financial position at the end of a particular fiscal quarter are not necessarily representative of the balance of our fiscal year.
forward-looking statements some of the statements contained in this report, as well as in other materials we have filed or will file with the securities and exchange commission, statements made by us in periodic press releases and oral statements we make to analysts, stockholders and the press in the course of presentations about us, may be construed as "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934 and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. these forward-looking statements typically include the words "anticipate," "believe," "consider," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "goal," "intend," "likely," "may," "outlook," "plan," "possible," "potential," "predict," "projection," "seek," "should," "strategy," "target," "will," "would" or other words of similar meaning. any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this report and in any other of our reports or public statements may not approximate actual experience, and the expectations derived from them may not be realized, due to risks, uncertainties and other factors. as a result, actual results may differ materially from the expectations or results we discuss in the forward-looking statements. these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to:
•the cyclical nature of the homebuilding, lot development and rental housing industries and changes in economic, real estate or other conditions;
•constriction of the credit and public capital markets, which could limit our ability to access capital and increase our costs of capital;
•reductions in the availability of mortgage financing provided by government agencies, changes in government financing programs, a decrease in our ability to sell mortgage loans on attractive terms or an increase in mortgage interest rates;
•the risks associated with our land, lot and rental inventory;
•our ability to effect our growth strategies, acquisitions or investments successfully;
•the impact of an inflationary, deflationary or higher interest rate environment;
•supply shortages and other risks of acquiring land, building materials and skilled labor;
•the effects of public health issues such as a major epidemic or pandemic, including the impact of covid-19 on the economy and our businesses;
•the effects of weather conditions and natural disasters on our business and financial results;
•home warranty and construction defect claims;
•the effects of health and safety incidents;
•reductions in the availability of performance bonds;
•increases in the costs of owning a home;
•the effects of governmental regulations and environmental matters on our homebuilding and land development operations;
•the effects of governmental regulations on our financial services operations;
•competitive conditions within the industries in which we operate;
•our ability to manage and service our debt and comply with related debt covenants, restrictions and limitations;
•the effects of negative publicity;
•the effects of the loss of key personnel;
•actions by activist stockholders; and
•information technology failures, data security breaches and our ability to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations.
we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. however, any further disclosures made on related subjects in subsequent reports on forms 10-k, 10-q and 8-k should be consulted. additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance and risk factors that have the potential to affect us is contained in item 1a, "risk factors" under part i of this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates general - a comprehensive enumeration of the significant accounting policies of d.r. horton, inc. and subsidiaries is presented in note a to the accompanying financial statements as of september 30, 2021 and 2020, and for the years ended september 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. each of our accounting policies has been chosen based upon current authoritative literature that collectively comprises u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). in instances where alternative methods of accounting are permissible under gaap, we have chosen the method that most appropriately reflects the nature of our business, the results of our operations and our financial condition, and have consistently applied those methods over each of the periods presented in the financial statements. the audit committee of our board of directors has reviewed and approved the accounting policies selected.
we believe the following critical accounting policies describe the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition - we generally recognize homebuilding revenue and related profit at the time of the closing of a sale, when title to and possession of the property are transferred to the buyer. our performance obligation, to deliver the agreed-upon home, is generally satisfied in less than one year from the original contract date. proceeds from home closings held for our benefit at title companies are included in homebuilding cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets.
when we execute sales contracts with our homebuyers, or when we require advance payment from homebuyers for custom changes, upgrades or options related to their homes, we record the cash deposits received as liabilities until the homes are closed or the contracts are cancelled. we either retain or refund to the homebuyer deposits on cancelled sales contracts, depending upon the applicable provisions of the contract or other circumstances.
forestar's land and lot sales revenue and related profit are generally recognized at the time of the closing of a sale, when title to and possession of the property are transferred to a third-party buyer. forestar's revenues from land and lot sales to d.r. horton are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.
we rarely purchase unimproved land for resale, but periodically may elect to sell parcels of land that no longer fit into our strategic operating plans. revenue from land sales is typically recognized on the closing date, which is generally when performance obligations are satisfied.
we recognize financial services revenues associated with our title operations as closing services are rendered and title insurance policies are issued, both of which generally occur simultaneously as each home is closed. revenues associated with our mortgage operations primarily include net gains on the sale of mortgage loans and servicing rights. we typically elect the fair value option for our mortgage loan originations whereby mortgage loans held for sale are recorded at fair value based on either sale commitments or current market quotes and loan values are adjusted through revenues for subsequent changes in fair value until the loans are sold. expected gains and losses from the sale of servicing rights are included in the measurement of all written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through revenues at the time of commitment. we sell substantially all of the mortgages we originate and the related servicing rights to third-party purchasers. interest income is earned from the date a mortgage loan is originated until the loan is sold.
mortgage loans are sold with limited recourse provisions, which can result in repurchases of loans previously sold to investors or payments to reimburse investors for loan losses. based on historical experience, analysis of the volume of mortgages we originated, discussions with our mortgage purchasers and current housing and credit market conditions, we estimate and record a loss reserve for mortgage loans held in portfolio and mortgage loans held for sale, as well as known and projected mortgage loan repurchase requests.
inventories and cost of sales - inventory includes the costs of direct land acquisition, land development and construction, capitalized interest, real estate taxes and direct overhead costs incurred during development and construction. costs that we incur after projects or homes are substantially complete, such as utilities, maintenance, and cleaning, are charged to sg&a expense as incurred. all indirect overhead costs, such as compensation of sales personnel, division and region management, and the costs of advertising and builder's risk insurance are charged to sg&a expense as incurred.
land and development costs are typically allocated to individual residential lots on a pro-rata basis, and the costs of residential lots are transferred to construction in progress when home construction begins. home construction costs are specifically identified and recorded to individual homes. cost of sales for homes closed includes the specific construction costs of each home and all applicable land acquisition, land development and related costs (both incurred and estimated to be incurred) allocated to each residential lot based upon the total number of homes expected to be closed in each community. cost of sales for lots sold includes all applicable land acquisition, land development and related costs (both incurred and estimated to be incurred) allocated to each residential lot in the community. any changes to the estimated total development costs subsequent to the initial home or lot closings in a community are generally allocated on a pro-rata basis to the remaining homes or lots in the community associated with the relevant development activity.
when a home is closed, we generally have not paid all incurred costs necessary to complete the home. we record a liability and a corresponding charge to cost of sales for the amount estimated to ultimately be paid related to completed homes that have been closed. we compare our home construction budgets to actual recorded costs to determine the additional costs remaining to be paid on each closed home. we monitor the accrual by comparing actual costs incurred on closed homes in subsequent months to the amounts previously accrued. although actual costs to be paid in the future on previously closed homes could differ from our current accruals, such differences have not been significant.
at the end of each quarter, we review the performance and outlook for all of our communities and land inventories for indicators of potential impairment. we generally review our inventory for impairment indicators at the community level, and the inventory within each community is categorized as land held for development, residential land and lots developed and under development, land held for sale, rental properties and construction in progress and finished homes, based on the stage of production or plans for future development or sale. a particular community often includes inventory in more than one category. in certain situations, inventory may be analyzed separately for impairment purposes based on its product type or future plans. in reviewing each of our communities, we determine if impairment indicators exist on inventory held and used by analyzing a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the following:
•gross margins on homes closed in recent months;
•projected gross margins on homes sold but not closed;
•projected gross margins based on community budgets;
•projected gross margins of rental property sales;
•trends in gross margins, average selling prices or cost of sales;
•sales absorption rates; and
•performance of other communities in nearby locations.
if indicators of impairment are present for a community, we perform an impairment evaluation of the community, which includes an analysis to determine if the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than their carrying amounts. if so, impairment charges are recorded to cost of sales if the fair value of such assets is less than their carrying amounts. these estimates of cash flows are significantly impacted by community specific factors including estimates of the amounts and timing of future revenues and estimates of the amount of land development, materials and labor costs which, in turn, may be impacted by the following local market conditions:
•supply and availability of new and existing homes;
•location and desirability of our communities;
•variety of product types offered in the area;
•pricing and use of incentives by us and our competitors;
•alternative uses for our land or communities such as the sale of land, finished lots or home sites to third parties;
•amount of land and lots we own or control in a particular market or sub-market; and
•local economic and demographic trends.
for those assets deemed to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. our determination of fair value is primarily based on discounting the estimated cash flows at a rate commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow streams. when an impairment charge for a community is determined, the charge is then allocated to each lot in the community in the same manner as land and development costs are allocated to each lot. impairment charges are also recorded on finished homes in substantially completed communities and completed rental properties when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying values are greater than the fair values less estimated costs to sell these homes.
we rarely purchase land for resale. however, when we own land or communities under development that do not fit into our development and construction plans, and we determine that we will sell the asset, the project is accounted for as land held for sale if certain criteria are met. we record land held for sale at the lesser of its carrying value or fair value less estimated costs to sell. in performing the impairment evaluation for land held for sale, we consider several factors including, but not limited to, recent offers received to purchase the property, prices for land in recent comparable sales transactions and market analysis studies, which include the estimated price a willing buyer would pay for the land. if the estimated fair value less costs to sell an asset is less than the current carrying value, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value less costs to sell.
the key assumptions relating to inventory valuations are impacted by local market and economic conditions, and are inherently uncertain. although our quarterly assessments reflect management's best estimates, due to uncertainties in the estimation process, actual results could differ from such estimates.
warranty claims - we typically provide our homebuyers with a ten-year limited warranty for major defects in structural elements such as framing components and foundation systems, a two-year limited warranty on major mechanical systems and a one-year limited warranty on other construction components. since we subcontract our construction work to subcontractors who typically provide us with an indemnity and a certificate of insurance prior to receiving payments for their work, claims relating to workmanship and materials are generally the primary responsibility of the subcontractors. warranty liabilities have been established by charging cost of sales for each home delivered. the amounts charged are based on management's estimate of expected warranty-related costs under all unexpired warranty obligation periods. our warranty liability is based upon historical warranty cost experience in each market in which we operate and is adjusted to reflect qualitative risks associated with the types of homes we build and the geographic areas in which we build them. actual future warranty costs could differ from our currently estimated amounts. a 10% change in the historical warranty rates used to estimate our warranty accrual would not result in a material change in our accrual. for additional information regarding our warranty liability, see note l, "commitments and contingencies," to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
legal claims and insurance - we are named as a defendant in various claims, complaints and other legal actions in the ordinary course of business. at any point in time, we are managing several hundred individual claims related to construction defect matters, personal injury claims, employment matters, land development issues, contract disputes and other matters. we have established reserves for these contingencies based on the estimated costs of pending claims and the estimated costs of anticipated future claims related to previously closed homes. approximately 99% of these reserves related to construction defect matters at both september 30, 2021 and 2020.
our reserves for construction defect claims include the estimated costs of both known claims and anticipated future claims. at september 30, 2021 and 2020, we had reserves for approximately 380 and 260 pending construction defect claims, respectively, and no individual existing claim was material to our financial statements. during fiscal 2021, we were notified of approximately 235 new construction defect claims and resolved 115 construction defect claims for a total cost of $16.5 million. we have closed a significant number of homes during recent years, and we may be subject to future construction defect claims on these homes. although regulations vary from state to state, construction defect issues can generally be reported for up to ten years after the home has closed in many states in which we operate. historical data and trends regarding the frequency of claims incurred and the costs to resolve claims relative to the types of products and markets where we operate are used to estimate the construction defect liabilities for both existing and anticipated future claims. these estimates are subject to ongoing revision as the circumstances of individual pending claims and historical data and trends change. adjustments to estimated reserves are recorded in the accounting period in which the change in estimate occurs.
historical trends in construction defect claims have been inconsistent, and we believe they may continue to fluctuate. we also believe that fluctuations in housing market conditions can affect the frequency and cost of construction defect claims. if the ultimate resolution of construction defect claims resulting from our home closings in prior years varies from current expectations, it could significantly change our estimates regarding the frequency and timing of claims incurred and the costs to resolve existing and anticipated future claims, which would impact the construction defect reserves in the future. if the frequency of claims incurred or costs of existing and future legal claims significantly exceed our current estimates, they will have a significant negative impact on our future earnings and liquidity.
we estimate and record receivables under the applicable insurance policies related to our estimated contingencies for known claims and anticipated future construction defect claims on previously closed homes and other legal claims and lawsuits incurred in the ordinary course of business when recovery is probable. however, because the self-insured retentions under these policies are significant, we anticipate we will largely be self-insured. additionally, we may have the ability to recover a portion of our losses from our subcontractors and their insurance carriers when we have been named as an additional insured on their insurance policies.
the estimation of losses related to these reserves and the related estimates of recoveries from insurance policies are subject to a high degree of variability due to uncertainties such as trends in construction defect claims relative to our markets and the types of products built, claim frequency, claim settlement costs and patterns, insurance industry practices and legal interpretations, among others. due to the high degree of judgment required in establishing reserves for these contingencies, actual future costs and recoveries from insurance could differ significantly from current estimated amounts. a 10% increase in the claim frequency and the average cost per claim used to estimate the reserves would result in an increase of approximately $101.7 million in our reserves and a $50.9 million increase in our receivable, resulting in additional expense of $50.8 million. a 10% decrease in the claim frequency and the average cost per claim would result in a decrease of approximately $91.8 million in our reserves and a $43.8 million decrease in our receivable, resulting in a reduction in expense of $48.0 million. for additional information regarding our legal claims reserves, see note l, "commitments and contingencies," to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
pending accounting pronouncements in december 2019, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued asu 2019-12 related to simplifying the accounting for income taxes. the guidance is effective for us beginning october 1, 2021 and is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
in march 2020, the fasb issued asu 2020-04, "reference rate reform," which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying u.s. gaap to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by the discontinuation of the london interbank offered rate (libor) or by another reference rate expected to be discontinued. the guidance was effective beginning march 12, 2020 and can be applied prospectively through december 31, 2022. in january 2021, the fasb issued asu 2021-01, "reference rate reform - scope," which clarified the scope and application of the original guidance. we will adopt these standards when libor is discontinued and do not expect them to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures.
in october 2021, the fasb issued asu 2021-08, which requires application of asc 606, "revenue from contracts with customers," to recognize and measure contract assets and liabilities from contracts with customers acquired in a business combination. asu 2021-08 creates an exception to the general recognition and measurement principle in asc 805 and will result in recognition of contract assets and contract liabilities consistent with those recorded by the acquiree immediately before the acquisition date. the guidance is effective for us beginning october 1, 2023 and interim periods therein, with early adoption permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
