item 1a: risk factors our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance. in the past, we have experienced certain of the events and circumstances described below, which adversely impacted our business and financial performance. if any of the events or circumstances described below occur, our business or financial performance could be harmed, our actual results could differ materially from our expectations and the market value of our stock could decline. the risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. there may be additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe could be material that may harm our business or financial performance.
strategic risks our business is intensely competitive. we may not deliver successful and engaging products and services, or consumers may prefer our competitors' products or services over our own.
competition in our business is intense. many new products and services are regularly introduced, but only a relatively small number of products and associated services drive significant engagement and account for a significant portion of total revenue. our competitors range from established interactive entertainment companies to emerging start-ups. in addition, the gaming, technology/internet, and entertainment industries have converged in recent years and larger, well-funded technology companies have strengthened their interactive entertainment capabilities resulting in more direct competition with us. we expect them to continue to pursue and strengthen these businesses. their greater financial and other resources may provide larger budgets to recruit our key creative and technical talent, develop and market products and services that gain consumer success and shift player time and engagement away from our products and services, or otherwise disrupt our operations. we also expect new competitors to continue to emerge throughout the world. if our competitors develop more successful and engaging products or services, offer competitive products or services at lower price points, or if we do not continue to develop consistently high-quality, well-received and engaging products and services, or if our marketing strategies are not innovative or fail to resonate with players, particularly during key selling periods, our revenue, margins, and profitability will decline.
we strive to create innovative and high-quality products and services that allow us to build on-going and meaningful relationships with our community. however, innovative and high-quality titles, even if highly-reviewed, may not meet our expectations or the expectations of our players. many financially successful products and services within our industry are iterations of prior titles with large established consumer bases and significant brand recognition, which makes competing in certain categories challenging. in addition, products or services of our direct competitors or other entertainment companies may take a larger portion of consumer spending or time than we anticipate, which could cause our products and services to underperform relative to our expectations. a significant portion of our revenue historically has been derived from products and services based on a few popular franchises, and the underperformance of a single major title has had, and could in the future have, a material adverse impact on our financial results. for example, we have historically derived a significant portion of our net revenue from sales related to our global football franchise, annualized versions of which are consistently one of the best-selling games in the marketplace. any events or circumstances that negatively impact our global football franchise, such as product or service quality, our transition to a new ea sports fc brand, other products that take a portion of consumer spending and time, the delay or cancellation of a product or service launch, increased competition for key licenses, or real or perceived security risks, could negatively impact our financial results to a disproportionate extent.
the increased importance of live services, including extra content, to our business heightens the risks associated with the products for which such live services are offered. live services that are either poorly-received or provided in connection with underperforming games may generate lower than expected sales. any lapse, delay or failure in our ability to provide high-quality live services content to consumers over an extended period of time could materially and adversely affect our financial results, consumer engagement with our live services, and cause harm to our reputation and brand. our most popular live services are the extra content available for the ultimate team mode associated with our sports franchises and extra content purchased within apex legends. any events or circumstances that negatively impact our ability to reliably provide content or sustain engagement for ultimate team, particularly fifa ultimate team, or apex legends, would negatively impact our financial results to a disproportionate extent.
we may not meet our product and live service development schedules and key events, sports seasons and/or movies that are tied to our product and live service release schedule may be delayed, cancelled or poorly received.
our ability to meet product and live service development schedules is affected by a number of factors both within and outside our control, including feedback from our players, the creative processes involved, the coordination of large and sometimes geographically dispersed development teams, the complexity of our products and the platforms for which they are developed, the need to fine-tune our products prior to their release, factors related to the covid-19 pandemic, and, in certain cases, approvals from third parties. we have experienced development delays for our products and services in the past which caused us to delay or cancel release dates. any failure to meet anticipated production or release schedules likely would result in a delay of revenue and/or possibly a significant shortfall in our revenue, increase our development and/or marketing expenses, harm our profitability, and cause our operating results to be materially different than anticipated. if we miss key selling periods for products or services, particularly the fiscal quarter ending in december, for any reason, including product delays or product cancellations our sales likely will suffer significantly.
we also seek to release certain products and extra content for our live services - such as our sports franchises and the associated ultimate team live service - in conjunction with key events, such as the beginning of a sports season, events associated with the sports calendar, or the release of a related movie. if such seasons or events were delayed, cancelled or poorly received, our business and operating results could be materially adversely affected.
our industry changes rapidly and we may fail to anticipate or successfully implement new or evolving technologies, or adopt successful business strategies, distribution methods or services.
rapid changes in our industry require us to anticipate, sometimes years in advance, the ways in which our business can remain competitive in the market. we have invested, and in the future may invest, in new business and marketing strategies, tools and technologies, distribution methods, products, and services. there can be no assurance that these strategic investments will achieve expected returns. for example, we are investing in our mobile business through seeking to maximize our mobile live services, meaningfully expanding key franchises on the mobile platform and through mergers and acquisitions activity. successfully monetizing mobile games is difficult and requires that we deliver valuable and entertaining player experiences that engage significant number of players or that we are able to otherwise monetize our mobile games. the success of our mobile games depends, in part, on unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control including consumer preferences, competing games, new mobile platforms and the availability of other entertainment experiences. such endeavors involve significant risks and uncertainties. no assurance can be given that the tools and technology we choose to implement, the business and marketing strategies we choose to adopt and the products, services and platform strategies that we pursue will achieve financial results that meet or exceed our expectations. our reputation and brand could also be adversely affected. we also may miss opportunities or fail to respond quickly enough to industry change, including the adoption of tools and technology or distribution methods or develop products, services or new ways to engage with our games that become popular with consumers, which could adversely affect our financial results.
our product and service development process usually starts with particular platforms and distribution methods in mind, and a range of technical development, feature and ongoing goals that we hope to be able to achieve. we may not be able to achieve these goals, or our competition may be able to achieve them more quickly and in a way that better engages consumers. in either case, our products and services may be technologically inferior to those of our competitors, less appealing to consumers, or both. if we cannot achieve our goals within the original development schedule for our products and services, then we may delay their release until these goals can be achieved, which may delay or reduce revenue and increase our development expenses. alternatively, we may increase the resources employed in research and development in an attempt to accelerate our development of new technologies, either to preserve our product or service launch schedule or to keep up with our competition, which would increase our development expenses.
stakeholders have high expectations for the quality and integrity of our business, culture, products and services. we may be unsuccessful in meeting these expectations or make business decisions to meet these expectations that impact our short-term financial results.
expectations regarding the quality, performance and integrity of our business, culture, products and services are high. players and other stakeholders have sometimes been critical of our industry, brands, products, services, online communities, business models and/or practices for a wide variety of reasons, including perceptions about gameplay fun, fairness, game content, features or services, or objections to certain of our practices. these negative responses may not be foreseeable. we also may not effectively manage our responses because of reasons within or outside of our control. for example, we have included in certain games the ability for players to purchase digital items, including in some instances virtual "packs", "boxes" or "crates" that contain variable digital items. the inclusion of variable digital items in certain games has attracted the attention of our community and if the future implementation of these features creates a negative perception of gameplay fairness or other negative perceptions, our reputation and brand could be harmed and revenue could be negatively impacted. in addition, we have taken actions, including delaying the release of our games and delaying or discontinuing content, features and services for our games, after taking into consideration, among other things, feedback from our community or geopolitical events even if those decisions negatively impacted our operating results in the short term. for example, in response to the current conflict in ukraine, we stopped sales of our games and content in russia and belarus, worked with our platform partners to remove our games and live services from their stores, and took other actions. these actions had a negative impact on our financial results and may impact our future development processes. we expect to continue to take actions as appropriate, including actions that may result in additional expenditures and the loss of revenue.
we aim to offer our players fun, fair and safe environments in which to play and invest in, and deploy, tools and technologies to promote positive play and facilitate players' faith in their gameplay experience. although we expend resources, and expect to continue to expend resources, to promote positive play, our efforts may not be successful due to scale, limitations of existing technologies or other factors. if our efforts are unsuccessful, negative sentiment about our business may increase and our brand and reputation may be harmed, scrutiny from governmental bodies and consumer groups may occur, and our financial and operating results may be adversely impacted.
certain of our games and features on our platforms support online features that allow players and viewers to communicate with one another and post content, in real time, that is visible to other players and viewers. from time to time, this "user generated content" may contain objectionable and offensive content that is distributed and disseminated by third parties and our brands may be negatively affected by such actions. if we fail to appropriately respond to the dissemination of such content, we may be subject to lawsuits and governmental regulation, our players may not engage with our products and services and/or may lose confidence in our brands and our financial results may be adversely affected.
external game developers may not meet product development schedules or otherwise honor their obligations.
we contract with external game developers to develop our games or to publish or distribute their games. while we maintain contractual protections, we have less control over the product development schedules of games developed by external developers. we depend on their ability to meet product development schedules which could be negatively affected by, among other things, distributed workforce models. in addition, disputes occasionally arise with external developers, including with respect to game content, launch timing, achievement of certain milestones, the game development timeline, marketing campaigns, contractual terms and interpretation. if we have disputes with external developers or they cannot meet product development schedules, acquire certain approvals or are otherwise unable or unwilling to honor their obligations to us, we may delay or cancel previously announced games, alter our launch schedule or experience increased costs and expenses, which could result in a delay or significant shortfall in anticipated revenue, harm our profitability and reputation, and cause our financial results to be materially affected.
our business depends on the success and availability of consoles, systems and devices developed by third parties and our ability to develop commercially successful products and services for those consoles, systems and devices.
the success of our business is driven in part by the commercial success and adequate supply of third-party consoles, systems and devices for which we develop our products and services or through which our products and services are distributed. our success depends in part on accurately predicting which consoles, systems and devices will be successful in the marketplace and providing engaging and commercially successful games and services for those consoles, systems and devices. we must make product development decisions and commit significant resources well in advance of the commercial availability of new consoles, systems and devices, and we may incur significant expense to adjust our product portfolio and development efforts in response to changing consumer preferences. we may enter into certain exclusive licensing arrangements that affect our ability to deliver or market products or services on certain consoles, systems or devices. a console, system or device for which we are developing products and services may not succeed as expected and we may be unable to fully recover the investments we have made in developing our products and services; or new consoles, systems or devices may take market share away from those for which we have devoted significant resources, causing us to not be able to reach our intended audience and take advantage of meaningful revenue opportunities.
in fiscal year 2021, our key console partners sony and microsoft each released new generation consoles. in periods of transition, sales of products for legacy generation consoles typically slow or decline in response to the introduction of new consoles, and sales of products for new generation consoles typically stabilize only after new consoles are widely-established with the consumer base. this console transition may have a comparable impact on our live services business, potentially increasing the impact on our financial results. the transition could accelerate faster or slower than we expect. for example, production of new generation consoles from sony and microsoft has been slower than expected because of semiconductor chip shortages and global supply chain disruptions. we do not control the unit volumes of consoles made available for sale, the pricing or appeal of new generation consoles, or the rates at which consumers purchase these consoles. for a period of time, we will also develop, market and operate games and services on both legacy and new generation consoles simultaneously. as a result of these factors, our operating results during console transitions may be more volatile and difficult to predict.
we may experience declines or fluctuations in the re-occurring portion of our business.
our business model includes revenue that we deem re-occurring in nature, such as revenue from our annualized sports franchises (e.g., madden nfl, global football), our console, pc and mobile catalog titles (i.e., titles that did not launch in the current fiscal year), and our live services. while we have been able to forecast the revenue from these areas of our business with greater relative confidence than for new games, services and business models, we cannot provide assurances that consumer demand will remain consistent, including in connection with circumstances outside of our control. furthermore, we may cease to offer games and services that we previously had deemed to be re-occurring in nature. consumer demand has declined and fluctuated, and could in the future decline or fluctuate, as a result of a number of factors, including their level of satisfaction with our games and services, our ability to improve and innovate our annualized titles, our ability to adapt our games and services to new distribution channels and business models, outages and disruptions of online services, the games and services offered by our competitors, our marketing and advertising efforts or declines in consumer activity generally as a result of economic downturns, among others. the reception to our sports games also depends, in part, on the popularity, reputation and brand of the leagues, organizations and individual athletes with whom we partner. events and circumstances outside of our control that have a negative impact on the accessibility, popularity, reputation and brand of these partners has impacted, and could in the future negatively impact, sales related to our annualized sports games. any decline or fluctuation in the re-occurring portion of our business may have a negative impact on our financial and operating results.
we could fail to successfully adopt new business models.
from time to time we seek to establish and implement new business models. forecasting the success of any new business model is inherently uncertain and depends on a number of factors both within and outside of our control. our actual revenue and profit for these businesses may be significantly greater or less than our forecasts. in addition, these new business models could fail, resulting in the loss of our investment in the development and infrastructure needed to support these new business models, as well as the opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources away from more successful and established businesses. for example, we have devoted financial and operational resources to our subscription offerings without any assurance that these businesses will be financially successful. while we anticipate growth in this area of our business, consumer demand is difficult to predict. any failure to successfully implement new business models could materially impact our financial and operating results.
acquisitions, investments, divestitures and other strategic transactions could result in operating difficulties and other negative consequences.
we have made and may continue to make acquisitions or enter into other strategic transactions including (1) acquisitions of companies, businesses, intellectual properties, and other assets, (2) investments in, or transactions with, strategic partners, and (3) investments in new businesses as part of our long-term business strategy. these acquisitions and other transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy or strategic goals, that we do not realize a satisfactory return on our investment or cannot realize anticipated tax benefits, that we acquire liabilities and/or litigation from acquired companies or liabilities and/or litigation results from the transactions, that our due diligence process does not identify significant issues, liabilities or other challenges, diversion of management's attention from our other businesses, and the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, write-offs of goodwill, intangibles, or acquired in-process technology, or other increased cash and non-cash expenses. in addition, we may not integrate these businesses successfully or achieve expected synergies. for example, we may experience difficulties and costs associated with the integration of business systems and technologies, and acquired products and services, the integration and retention of new employees, the implementation of our internal control and compliance procedures and/or the remediation of the internal control and compliance environment of the acquired entity, or the maintenance of key business and customer relationships. these events could harm our operating results or financial condition.
we may fund strategic transactions with (1) cash, which would reduce cash available for other corporate purposes, (2) debt, which would increase our interest expense and leverage and/or (3) equity which would dilute current shareholders' percentage ownership and also dilute our earnings per share. we also may divest or sell assets or a business and we may have difficulty selling such assets or business on acceptable terms in a timely manner. this could result in a delay in the achievement of our strategic objectives, cause us to incur additional expense, or the sale of such assets or business at a price or on terms that are less favorable than we anticipated.
we may be unable to maintain or acquire licenses to include intellectual property owned by others in our games, or to maintain or acquire the rights to publish or distribute games developed by others.
many of our products and services are based on or incorporate intellectual property owned by others. for example, our ea sports products include rights licensed from major sports leagues, teams and players' associations and our star wars products include rights licensed from disney. competition for these licenses and rights is intense. if we are unable to maintain these licenses and rights or obtain additional licenses or rights with significant commercial value, our ability to develop successful and engaging products and services may be adversely affected and our revenue, profitability and cash flows may decline significantly. other competitors may assume certain licenses and create competing products, impacting our sales. competition for these licenses has increased, and may continue to increase, the amounts that we must pay to licensors and developers, through higher minimum guarantees or royalty rates, which could significantly increase our costs and reduce our profitability.
our business partners may be unable to honor their obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk.
we rely on various business partners, including platform partners, third-party service providers, vendors, licensing partners, development partners and licensees. their actions may put our business and our reputation and brand at risk. for example, we may have disputes with our business partners that may impact our business and/or financial results. in many cases, our business partners may be given access to sensitive and proprietary information in order to provide services and support, and they may misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized use of it. in addition, the failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and technologies, or the failure of the third parties to adequately maintain or update their services and technologies, could result in a disruption to our business operations. further, disruptions in the financial markets, economic downturns, poor business decisions, or reputational harm may adversely affect our business partners and they may not be able to continue honoring their obligations to us or we may cease our arrangements with them. alternative arrangements and services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner or vendor. if we lose one or more significant business partners, our business could be harmed and our financial results could be materially affected.
operational risks the covid-19 pandemic and the various responses to it have affected how we are operating our business and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future operations and financial results is uncertain.
the covid-19 pandemic and the various responses to it have affected how we and our partners are operating our businesses and have affected our operating results. the duration and extent to which this will impact our future operations and results remains uncertain. we have established and continue to maintain, protocols to promote the health and safety of our workforce and business partners. we are beginning to re-open our office locations and resume business travel as it is appropriate to do so, consistent with the health and safety of our employees and in compliance with any local legal restrictions or requirements. the reintroduction of employees to the workplace could introduce operational risk, negatively impact productivity, and give rise to claims by employees or otherwise adversely affect our business. as we begin to re-open our offices, employees may be offered more flexibility in the amount of time they work in an office, which may adversely impact the productivity of certain employees. the long-term effects of the covid-19 pandemic on the future of work are not certain and may present operational challenges and impact our ability to attract and retain talent, and our teams' ability to collaborate creatively, each of which may adversely affect our business.
certain of our development teams have worked for an extended period in a distributed environment, whereas these teams historically collaborated in-person on the creative and technical process required to develop high-quality products and services at scale. this has disrupted, and may continue to disrupt, the productivity of our workforce and the creative process to which our teams are accustomed. companies in our industry have experienced issues related to game and service quality during the current work-from-home period, and we have changed the launch date of key products because of challenges associated with a distributed development environment. in addition, the longer-term impact to our creative and technical development processes is unknown and the associated risks, including with respect to game quality and developmental delays, which may cause us to delay or cancel additional release dates, may be heightened as the work-from-home period persists.
the extent of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the duration and spread of the pandemic, future waves of covid-19 infections and variants, the extent, speed and effectiveness of worldwide containment and vaccination efforts and the impact of these and other factors on our employees, customers, partners and vendors. if we are not able to flexibly respond to and manage the impact of these and other currently unknown impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic, our business will be harmed.
to the extent that the covid-19 pandemic harms our business and results of operations, many of the other risks described in this "risk factors" section may be heightened.
catastrophic events may disrupt our business.
natural disasters, cyber-incidents, weather events, wildfires, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, pandemics, health crises and other public health events, failed upgrades of existing systems or migrations to new systems, acts of terrorism or other events could cause outages, disruptions and/or degradations of our infrastructure (including our or our partners' information technology and network systems), a failure in our ability to conduct normal business operations, or the closure of public spaces in which players engage with our games and services. the health and safety of our employees, players, third-party organizations with whom we partner, or regulatory agencies on which we rely could be also affected, any of which may prevent us from executing against our business strategies and/or cause a decrease in consumer demand for our products and services.
we recognize the inherent physical risks associated with climate change. natural disasters and weather events linked to climate change are increasing in size and scope and certain of our office locations are located in areas that are vulnerable to climate change effects. climate-related events and their impact on critical infrastructure in areas in which we do business have the potential to disrupt our business and operations, and/or the businesses and operations of our partners, and may cause us to incur additional costs to maintain or resume operations.
system redundancy may be ineffective and our disaster recovery and business continuity planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. such failures, disruptions, closures, or inability to conduct normal business operations could also prevent access to our products, services or online stores selling our products and services, cause delay or interruption in our product or live services offerings, allow breaches of data security or result in the loss of critical data. our corporate headquarters and several of our key studios also are located in seismically active regions. an event that results in the disruption or degradation of any of our critical business functions or information technology systems, harms our ability to conduct normal business operations or causes a decrease in consumer demand for our products and services could materially impact our reputation and brand, financial condition and operating results.
we have and may continue to experience security breaches and cyber threats.
the integrity of our and our partners' information technology networks and systems is critical to our ongoing operations, products, and services. our industry is prone to, and our systems and networks are subject to actions by malfeasant actors, which may include individuals or groups, including state-sponsored attackers. these actions include cyber-attacks, including ransomware, and other information security incidents that seek to exploit, disable, damage, and/or disrupt our networks, business operations, products and services and supporting technological infrastructure, or gain access to consumer and employee personal information, our intellectual property and other assets. in addition, our systems and networks could be harmed or improperly accessed due to error by employees or third parties that are authorized to access these networks and systems. we also rely on technological infrastructure provided by third-party business partners to support the online functionality of our products and services, who are also subject to these same cyber risks. both our partners and we have expended, and expect to continue to expend, financial and operational resources to guard against cyber risks and to help protect our data and systems. however, the techniques used by malfeasant actors change frequently, continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and often are not detected for long periods of time.
as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, remote access to our networks and systems, and the networks and systems of our partners, has increased substantially. we expect to resume operations in our offices under a hybrid work model where our workforce will spend a portion of their time working in offices and a portion of time working remotely. while we and our partners have taken steps to secure our networks and systems, these networks and systems may be more vulnerable to a successful cyber-attack or information security incident in this hybrid working model. the costs to respond to, mitigate, and/or notify affected parties of cyber-attacks and other security vulnerabilities are significant. it may also be necessary for us to take additional extraordinary measures and make additional expenditures to take appropriate responsive and preventative steps. in addition, such events could compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or accessibility of these networks and systems or result in the compromise or loss of the data, including personal data, processed by these systems. consequences of such events, responsive measures and preventative measures have included, and could in the future include, the loss of proprietary and personal data and interruptions or delays in our business operations, exploitation of our data, as well as loss of player confidence and damage to our brand and reputation, financial expenses and financial loss. in addition, such events could cause us to be non-compliant with applicable regulations, and subject us to legal claims or penalties under laws protecting the privacy or security of personal information or proprietary material information. we have experienced such events in the past and expect future events to occur.
in addition, the virtual economies that we have established in many of our games are subject to abuse, exploitation and other forms of fraudulent activity that can negatively impact our business. virtual economies involve the use of virtual currency and/or virtual assets that can be used or redeemed by a player within a particular game or service. the abuse or exploitation of our virtual economies have included the illegitimate or unauthorized generation and sale of virtual items, including in black markets. our online services have been impacted by in-game exploits and the use of automated or other fraudulent processes designed to generate virtual items or currency illegitimately or to execute account takeover attacks against our players. we anticipate such activity to continue. these abuses and exploits, and the steps that we take to address these abuses and exploits may result in a loss of anticipated revenue, increased costs to protect against or remediate these issues, interfere with players' enjoyment of a balanced game environment or cause harm to our reputation and brand.
we may experience outages, disruptions or degradations in our services, products and/or technological infrastructure.
the reliable performance of our products and services depends on the continuing operation and availability of our information technology systems and those of our external service providers, including third-party "cloud" computing services. our games and services are complex software products and maintaining the sophisticated internal and external technological infrastructure required to reliably deliver these games and services is expensive and complicated. the reliable delivery and stability of our products and services has been, and could in the future be, adversely impacted by outages, disruptions, failures or degradations in our network and related infrastructure, as well as in the online platforms or services of key business partners that offer, support or host our products and services. in addition, the supply chain of hardware needed to maintain this technological infrastructure has been disrupted and geopolitical events, including the russian invasion of ukraine and any indirect effects, may further complicate existing supply chain constraints. the reliability and stability of our products and services has been affected by events outside of our control as well as by events within our control, such as the migration of data among data centers and to third-party hosted environments, the performance of upgrades and maintenance on our systems, and online demand for our products and services that exceeds the capabilities of our technological infrastructure.
if we or our external business partners were to experience an event that caused a significant system outage, disruption or degradation or if a transition among data centers or service providers or an upgrade or maintenance session encountered unexpected interruptions, unforeseen complexity or unplanned disruptions, our products and services may not be available to consumers or may not be delivered reliably and stably. as a result, our reputation and brand may be harmed, consumer engagement with our products and services may be reduced, and our revenue and profitability could be negatively impacted. we do not have redundancy for all our systems, many of our critical applications reside in only one of our data centers, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities.
as our digital business grows, we will require an increasing amount of internal and external technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power to continue to satisfy the needs of our players. we are investing, and expect to continue to invest, in our own technology, hardware and software and the technology, hardware and software of external service providers to support our business. it is possible that we may fail to scale effectively and grow this technical infrastructure to accommodate increased demands, which may adversely affect the reliable and stable performance of our games and services, therefore negatively impacting engagement, reputation, brand and revenue growth.
attracting, managing and retaining our talent is critical to our success.
our business depends on our ability to attract, train, motivate and retain executive, technical, creative, marketing and other personnel that are essential to the development, marketing and support of our products and services. the market for highly-skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive, particularly in the geographic locations in which many of our key personnel are located and has recently intensified further due to industry trends. in addition, our leading position within the interactive entertainment industry makes us a prime target for recruiting our executives, as well as key creative and technical talent. we strive to provide a workplace culture that is diverse, equitable, inclusive and safe and have invested in policies, practices, tools and people in this regard. if we cannot successfully recruit, train, motivate and retain qualified employees, develop and maintain a diverse, equitable, inclusive and safe work environment, or replace key employees following their departure, our reputation and brand may be negatively impacted and our ability to develop and manage our business will be impaired.
we rely on the consoles, systems and devices of partners who have significant influence over the products and services that we offer in the marketplace.
a significant percentage of our digital net revenue is attributable to sales of products and services through our significant partners, including sony, microsoft, apple and google. the concentration of a material portion of our digital sales in these partners exposes us to risks associated with these businesses. any deterioration in the businesses of our significant partners could disrupt and harm our business, including by limiting the methods through which our digital products and services are offered and exposing us to collection risks.
in addition, our license agreements typically provide these partners with significant control over the approval and distribution of the products and services that we develop for their consoles, systems and devices. for products and services delivered via digital channels, each respective partner has policies and guidelines that control the promotion and distribution of these titles and the features and functionalities that we are permitted to offer through the channel. our partners could choose to exclude our products and services from, or de-emphasize the promotion of our products and services within, some or all of their distribution channels in order to promote their own products and services or those of our competitors. in addition, we are dependent on these partners to invest in, and upgrade, the capabilities of their systems in a manner that corresponds to the preferences of consumers. failure by these partners to keep pace with consumer preferences could have an adverse impact on the engagement with our products and services and our ability to merchandise and commercialize our products and services which could harm our business and/or financial results.
moreover, certain significant partners can determine and change unilaterally certain key terms and conditions, including the ability to change their user and developer policies and guidelines. in many cases these partners also set the rates that we must pay to provide our games and services through their online channels, and retain flexibility to change their fee structures or adopt different fee structures for their online channels, which could adversely impact our costs, profitability and margins. these partners also control the information technology systems through which online sales of our products and service channels are captured. if our partners establish terms that restrict our offerings, significantly impact the financial terms on which these products or services are offered to our customers, or their information technology systems experience outages that impact our players' ability to access our games or purchase extra content or cause an unanticipated delay in reporting, our business and/or financial results could be materially affected.
a significant portion of our packaged goods sales are made to a relatively small number of retail and distribution partners, and these sales may be disrupted.
we derive a significant percentage of our net revenue attributable to sales of our packaged goods products to our top retail and distribution partners. the concentration of a significant percentage of these sales through a few large partners could lead to a short-term disruption to our business if certain of these partners significantly reduced their purchases or ceased to offer our products. the financial position of certain partners has deteriorated and while we maintain protections such as monitoring the credit extended to these partners, we could be vulnerable to collection risk if one or more of these partners experienced continued deterioration of their business or declared bankruptcy. additionally, receivables from these partners generally increase in our december fiscal quarter as sales of our products generally increase in anticipation of the holiday season which exposes us to heightened risk at that time of year. having a significant portion of our packaged goods sales concentrated in a few partners could reduce our negotiating leverage with them. if one or more of these partners experience deterioration in their business or become unable to obtain sufficient financing to maintain their operations, our business could be harmed.
the products or services we release may contain defects, bugs or errors.
our products and services are extremely complex software programs and are difficult to develop and distribute. we have quality controls in place to detect defects, bugs or other errors in our products and services before they are released. nonetheless, these quality controls are subject to human error, overriding, and resource or technical constraints. in addition, the effectiveness of our quality controls and preventative measures may be negatively affected by the distribution of our workforce resulting from the covid-19 pandemic. as such, these quality controls and preventative measures may not be effective in detecting all defects, bugs or errors in our products and services before they have been released into the marketplace. in such an event, the technological reliability and stability of our products and services could be below our standards and the standards of our players and our reputation, brand and sales could be adversely affected. in addition, we could be required to, or may find it necessary to, offer a refund for the product or service, suspend the availability or sale of the product or service or expend significant resources to cure the defect, bug or error each of which could significantly harm our business and operating results.
legal and compliance risks our business is subject to complex and prescriptive regulations regarding consumer protection and data privacy practices, and could be adversely affected if our consumer protection, data privacy and security practices are not adequate, or perceived as being inadequate.
we are subject to global data privacy, data protection, localization, security and consumer-protection laws and regulations worldwide. these laws and regulations are emerging and evolving and the interpretation and application of these laws and regulations often are uncertain, contradictory and changing. the failure to maintain data practices that are compliant with applicable laws and regulations, or evolving interpretations of applicable laws and regulations, could result in inquiries from enforcement agencies or direct consumer complaints, resulting in civil or criminal penalties, and could adversely impact our reputation and brand. in addition, the operational costs of compliance with these regulations is high and will likely continue to increase. even if we remain in strict compliance with applicable laws and regulations, consumer sensitivity to the collection and processing of their personal information continues to increase. any real or perceived failures in maintaining acceptable data privacy practices, including allowing improper or unauthorized access, acquisition or misuse and/or uninformed disclosure of consumer, employee and other information, or a perception that we do not adequately secure this information or provide consumers with adequate notice about the information that they authorize us to collect and disclose could result in brand, reputational, or other harms to the business, result in costly remedial measures, deter current and potential customers from using our products and services and cause our financial results to be materially affected.
third party vendors and business partners receive access to certain information that we collect. these vendors and business partners may not prevent data security breaches with respect to the information we provide them or fully enforce our policies, contractual obligations and disclosures regarding the collection, use, storage, transfer and retention of personal data. a data security breach of one of our vendors or business partners could cause reputational and financial harm to them and us, negatively impact our ability to offer our products and services, and could result in legal liability, costly remedial measures, governmental and regulatory investigations, harm our profitability, reputation and brand, and/or cause our financial results to be materially affected.
we also are subject to payment card association rules and obligations pursuant to contracts with payment card processors. under these rules and obligations, if information is compromised, we could be liable to payment card issuers for the cost of associated expenses and penalties. in addition, if we fail to follow payment card industry security standards, even if no consumer information is compromised, we could incur significant fines or experience a significant increase in payment card transaction costs.
government regulations applicable to us may negatively impact our business.
we are a global company subject to various and complex laws and regulations domestically and internationally, including laws and regulations related to consumer protection, protection of minors, online safety, content, advertising, localization, information security, intellectual property, competition, sanctions, addressing climate change, taxation, and employment, among others. many of these laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing, and the application to, and impact on, us is uncertain. these laws could harm our business by limiting the products and services we can offer consumers or the manner in which we offer them. the costs of compliance with these laws may increase in the future as a result of changes in applicable laws or changes to interpretation. any failure on our part to comply with these laws or the application of these laws in an unanticipated manner may harm our business and result in penalties or significant legal liability.
certain of our business models and features within our games and services are subject to new laws or regulations or evolving interpretations and application of existing laws and regulations, including those related to gambling. the growth and development of electronic commerce, virtual items and virtual currency has prompted calls for new laws and regulations and resulted in the application of existing laws or regulations that have limited or restricted the sale of our products and services in certain territories. for example, governmental organizations have applied existing laws and regulations to certain mechanics commonly included within our games, including the ultimate team mode associated with our sports franchises. in addition, we include modes in our games that allow players to compete against each other and manage player competitions that are based on our products and services. although we structure and operate our skill-based competitions with applicable laws in mind, including those related to gambling, our skill-based competitions in the future could become subject to evolving laws and regulations. we are also introducing features into our games and services that allow players to create and share user-generated content. such content may be objectionable or offensive and decrease engagement with our products and services, cause a loss of confidence in our brands and expose us to liability and regulatory oversight, particularly as applicable global laws and regulations are introduced and evolve. new laws related to these business models and features or the interpretation or application of current laws could subject us to additional regulation and oversight, cause us to further limit or restrict the sale of our products and services or otherwise impact our products and services, lessen the engagement with, and growth of, profitable business models, and expose us to increased compliance costs, significant liability, fines, penalties and harm to our reputation and brand.
we are subject to laws in certain foreign countries, and adhere to industry standards in the united states, that mandate rating requirements or set other restrictions on the advertisement or distribution of interactive entertainment software based on content. in addition, certain foreign countries allow government censorship of interactive entertainment software products or require pre-approval processes of uncertain length before our games and services can be offered. adoption of ratings systems, censorship, restrictions on distribution and changes to approval processes or the status of any approvals could harm our business by limiting the products we are able to offer to our consumers. in addition, compliance with new and possibly inconsistent regulations for different territories could be costly, delay or prevent the release of our products in those territories.
we may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights.
from time to time, third parties may claim that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. although we take steps to avoid knowingly violating the intellectual property rights of others, it is possible that third parties still may claim infringement. existing or future infringement claims against us may be expensive to defend and divert the attention of our employees from business operations. such claims or litigation could require us to pay damages and other costs. we also could be required to stop selling, distributing or supporting products, features or services which incorporate the affected intellectual property rights, redesign products, features or services to avoid infringement, or obtain a license, all of which could be costly and harm our business.
in addition, many patents have been issued that may apply to potential new modes of delivering, playing or monetizing products and services such as those that we produce or would like to offer in the future. we may discover that future opportunities to provide new and innovative modes of game play and game delivery may be precluded by existing patents that we are unable to acquire or license on reasonable terms.
from time to time we may become involved in other legal proceedings.
we are currently, and from time to time in the future may become, subject to legal proceedings, claims, litigation and government investigations or inquiries, which could be expensive, lengthy, disruptive to normal business operations and occupy a significant amount of our employees' time and attention. in addition, the outcome of any legal proceedings, claims, litigation, investigations or inquiries may be difficult to predict and could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results, or financial condition.
our products and brands are subject to intellectual property infringement, including in jurisdictions that do not adequately protect our products and intellectual property rights.
we regard our products, brands and intellectual property as proprietary and take measures to protect our assets from infringement. we are aware that some unauthorized copying of our products and brands occurs, and if a significantly greater amount were to occur, it could negatively impact our business. further, our products and services are available worldwide and the laws of some countries, particularly in asia, either do not protect our products, brands and intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the united states or are poorly enforced. legal protection of our rights may be ineffective in countries with weaker intellectual property enforcement mechanisms. in addition, certain third parties have registered our intellectual property rights without authorization in foreign countries. successfully registering such intellectual property rights could limit or restrict our ability to offer products and services based on such rights in those countries. although we take steps to enforce and police our rights, our practices and methodologies may not be effective against all eventualities.
financial risks our financial results are subject to currency and interest rate fluctuations.
international sales are a fundamental part of our business. for our fiscal year ended march 31, 2022, international net revenue comprised 57 percent of our total net revenue, and we expect our international business to continue to account for a significant portion of our total net revenue. as a result of our international sales, and also the denomination of our foreign investments and our cash and cash equivalents in foreign currencies, we are exposed to the effects of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates remains elevated as compared to historic levels. strengthening of the u.s. dollar, particularly relative to the euro, british pound sterling, australian dollar, japanese yen, chinese yuan, south korean won and polish zloty, has a negative impact on our reported international net revenue but a positive impact on our reported international operating expenses (particularly when the u.s. dollar strengthens against the swedish krona and the canadian dollar) because these amounts are translated at lower rates. we use foreign currency hedging contracts to mitigate some foreign currency risk. however, these activities are limited in the protection they provide us from foreign currency fluctuations and can themselves result in losses. in addition, interest rate volatility can decrease the amount of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment portfolio.
we utilize debt financing and such indebtedness could adversely impact our business and financial condition.
we have $1.9 billion in senior unsecured notes outstanding as well as an unsecured $500 million revolving credit facility. while the facility is currently undrawn, we may use the proceeds of any future borrowings for general corporate purposes. we may also enter into other financial instruments in the future.
this indebtedness and any indebtedness that we may incur in the future could affect our financial condition and future financial results by, among other things:
requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of any cash flow from operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flow for other purposes, including capital expenditures, share repurchases, acquisitions or otherwise funding our growth strategy;
limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and
increasing our vulnerability to downturns in our business or adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions.
the agreements governing our indebtedness impose restrictions on us and require us to maintain compliance with specified covenants. in particular, the revolving credit facility requires us to maintain compliance with a debt to ebitda ratio. our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. if we breach any of these covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders or noteholders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, our outstanding indebtedness may be declared immediately due and payable. there can be no assurance that any refinancing or additional financing would be available on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us, if at all. in addition, changes by any rating agency to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities, as well as the potential costs associated with any potential refinancing of our indebtedness. downgrades in our credit rating could also restrict our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and could affect the terms of any such financing.
changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities, and changes to tax laws and interpretations of tax laws could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition.
we are subject to taxes in the united states and in various foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax provision, tax assets, and accruals for other taxes, and there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. our effective income tax rate is based in part on our corporate operating structure and the manner in which we operate our business and develop, value and use our intellectual property. taxing authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate have challenged and audited, and may continue to, challenge and audit our methodologies for calculating our income taxes, which could increase our effective income tax rate and have an adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows. in addition, our provision for income taxes is materially affected by our profit levels, changes in our business, changes in our geographic mix of earnings, changes in the elections we make, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in our corporate structure, changes in applicable accounting rules, or changes in applicable tax laws or interpretations of existing income and withholding tax laws, as well as other factors. the impact of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies could result in significant fluctuations to our effective tax rate.
changes to u.s. federal, state or international tax laws or their applicability to corporate multinationals in the countries in which we do business, particularly in switzerland, where our international business is headquartered, and actions we have taken in our business with respect to such laws, have affected, and could continue to affect, our effective tax rates and cash taxes, and could cause us to change the way in which we structure our business and result in other costs. in particular, recently proposed changes to tax regulations in the united states and among the countries in the organization for economic co-operation and development could materially impact our provision for income taxes and cash taxes. our effective tax rate also could be adversely affected by changes in our valuation allowances for deferred tax assets. our valuation allowances, in turn, can be impacted by several factors with respect to our business and industry. significant judgment is involved in determining the amount of valuation allowances, and actual financial results also may differ materially from our current estimates and could have a material impact on our assessments.
we are required to pay taxes other than income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, transfer, and goods and services taxes, in both the united states and foreign jurisdictions. several foreign jurisdictions have introduced new digital services taxes on revenue of companies that provide certain digital services or expanded their interpretation of existing tax laws with regard to other non-income taxes. there is limited guidance about the applicability of these new taxes or changing interpretations to our business and significant uncertainty as to what will be deemed in scope. if these foreign taxes are applied to us, it could have an adverse and material impact on our business and financial performance.
general risks our business is subject to economic, market, public health and geopolitical conditions.
our business is subject to economic, market, public health and geopolitical conditions, which are beyond our control. the united states and other international economies have experienced cyclical downturns from time to time. worsening economic conditions, political instability, and adverse political developments in or around any of the countries in which we do business, particularly conditions that negatively impact discretionary consumer spending and consumer demand or increase our operating costs, including conflict, inflation, slower growth, recession and other macroeconomic conditions have had, and could continue to have, a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. in addition, relations between the united states and countries in which we have operations and sales have fluctuated over time resulting in the adoption or expansion of trade restrictions, including economic sanctions, that have a negative impact on our financial results and development processes.
we are particularly susceptible to market conditions and risks associated with the entertainment industry, which, in addition to general macroeconomic downturns, also include the popularity, price and timing of our games, changes in consumer demographics, the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment, and critical reviews and public tastes and preferences, which may change rapidly and cannot necessarily be predicted.
our stock price has been volatile and may continue to fluctuate significantly.
the market price of our common stock historically has been, and we expect will continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. these fluctuations may be due to our operating results or factors specific to our operating results (including those discussed in the risk factors above, as well as others not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material), changes in securities analysts' estimates of our future financial performance, ratings or recommendations, our results or future financial guidance falling below our expectations and analysts' and investors' expectations, the failure of our capital return programs to meet analysts' and investors' expectations, the announcement and integration of any acquisitions we may make, departure of key personnel, cyberattacks, or factors largely outside of our control including, those affecting interactive gaming, entertainment, and/or technology companies generally, national or international economic conditions, investor sentiment or other factors related or unrelated to our operating performance. in particular, economic downturns may contribute to the public stock markets experiencing extreme price and trading volume volatility. these broad market fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following overview is a high-level discussion of our operating results, as well as some of the trends and drivers that affect our business. management believes that an understanding of these trends and drivers provides important context for our results for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2022, as well as our future prospects. this summary is not intended to be exhaustive, nor is it intended to be a substitute for the detailed discussion and analysis provided elsewhere in this form 10-k, including in the "business" section and the "risk factors" above, the remainder of "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a")" or the consolidated financial statements and related notes.
about electronic arts electronic arts is a global leader in digital interactive entertainment. we develop, market, publish and deliver games, content and services that can be experienced on game consoles, pcs, mobile phones and tablets. at our core is a portfolio of intellectual property from which we create innovative games and content that enable us to build on-going and meaningful relationships with a community of players, creators and viewers. our portfolio includes brands that we either wholly own (such as apex legends, battlefield, and the sims) or license from others (such as madden, star wars, and the 300+ licenses within our global football ecosystem). through our live services offerings, we offer our players high-quality experiences designed to provide value to players, and extend and enhance gameplay. these live services include extra content, subscription offerings and other revenue generated in addition to the sale of our base games and free-to-play games. in addition, we are focused on reaching more players whenever and wherever they want to play. we believe that we can add value to our network by making it easier for players to connect to a world of play by offering choice of business model, distribution channel and device.
financial results our key financial results for our fiscal year ended march 31, 2022 were as follows:
total net revenue was $6,991 million, up 24 percent year-over-year. on a constant currency basis, we estimate total net revenue would have been $6,883 million, up 22 percent year-over-year.
live services and other net revenue was $4,998 million, up 24 percent year-over-year.
gross margin was 73.4 percent, remained constant year-over-year.
operating expenses were $4,003 million, up 30 percent year-over-year. on a constant currency basis, we estimate that operating expenses would have been $3,970 million, up 29 percent year-over-year.
operating income was $1,129 million, up 8 percent year-over-year.
net income was $789 million, down 6 percent year-over-year.
diluted earnings per share was $2.76, down 4 percent year-over-year.
operating cash flow was $1,899 million, down 2 percent year-over-year.
total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $3,062 million.
we repurchased approximately 9.5 million shares of our common stock for approximately $1,300 million.
we paid cash dividends of $193 million during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2022.
on may 9, 2022, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.19 per share of our common stock, payable june 22, 2022 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on june 8, 2022.
from time to time, we make comparisons of current periods to prior periods with reference to constant currency. constant currency comparisons are based on translating local currency amounts in the current period at actual foreign exchange rates from the prior comparable period, net of the impact of hedging activities. we evaluate our financial performance on a constant currency basis in order to facilitate period-to-period comparisons without regard to the impact of changing foreign currency exchange rates.
trends in our business covid-19 impact. we continue to monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic to our people and our business. since the initial outbreak, we have focused on actions to support our people, our players, and communities around the world that have been affected by the covid-19 pandemic. the well-being of our people is our top priority as conditions continue to fluctuate around the world. we are re-opening our office locations and resuming business travel as it is appropriate to do so, consistent with the health and safety of our employees and in compliance with any local legal restrictions or requirements. during the pandemic, longer-term trends that benefit our business accelerated. live services and other net revenue has increased and we have also experienced a significant increase in the percentage of our games purchased digitally over the past two fiscal years.
these trends may not be indicative of results for future periods, particularly if the trend towards digital adoption decelerates, or as a result of global macroeconomic effects related or unrelated to the covid-19 pandemic. see the section titled "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this annual report for further discussion of the possible impact of the covid-19 pandemic to our workforce and business.
live services business. we offer our players high-quality experiences designed to provide value to players and to extend and enhance gameplay. these live services include extra content, subscription offerings and other revenue generated in addition to the sale of our base games and free-to-play games. our net revenue attributable to live services and other was $4,998 million, $4,016 million and $3,650 million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and we expect that live services net revenue will continue to be material to our business. within live services and other, net revenue attributable to extra content was $3,910 million, $3,068 million and $2,826 million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. extra content net revenue has increased as more players engage with our games and services, and purchase additional content designed to provide value to players and extend and enhance gameplay. our most popular live services are the extra content purchased for the ultimate team mode associated with our sports franchises and extra content purchased for our apex legends franchise. ultimate team allows players to collect current and former professional players in order to build and compete as a personalized team. live services net revenue generated from extra content purchased within the ultimate team mode associated with our sports franchises, a substantial portion of which was derived from fifa ultimate team, and for our apex legends franchise, is material to our business.
digital delivery of games. in our industry, players increasingly purchase games digitally as opposed to purchasing physical discs. while this trend, as applied to our business, may not be linear because of product mix during a fiscal year, consumer buying patterns and other factors, over time we expect players to purchase an increasingly higher proportion of our games digitally; therefore we expect net revenue attributable to digital full game downloads to increase over time and net revenue attributable to sales of packaged goods to decrease.
our net revenue attributable to digital full game downloads was $1,282 million, $918 million and $811 million during fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively; while our net revenue attributable to packaged goods sales decreased from $1,076 million in fiscal year 2020 to $695 million in fiscal year 2021 and $711 million in fiscal year 2022. in addition, as measured based on total units sold on microsoft's xbox one and xbox series x and sony's playstation 4 and 5 rather than by net revenue, we estimate that 65 percent, 62 percent, and 49 percent of our total units sold during fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 were sold digitally. digital full game units are based on sales information provided by microsoft and sony; packaged goods units sold through are estimated by obtaining data from significant retail partners in north america, europe and asia, and applying internal sales estimates with respect to retail partners from which we do not obtain data. we believe that these percentages are reasonable estimates of the proportion of our games that are digitally downloaded in relation to our total number of units sold for the applicable period of measurement.
increases in consumer adoption of digital purchase of games combined with increases in our live services revenue generally results in expansion of our gross margin, as costs associated with selling a game digitally is generally less than selling the same game through traditional retail and distribution channels.
increased competition. competition in our business is intense. our competitors range from established interactive entertainment companies to emerging start-ups. in addition, the gaming, technology/internet, and entertainment industries have converged in recent years and larger, well-funded technology companies have strengthened their interactive entertainment capabilities resulting in more direct competition with us. for example, companies such as amazon.com, inc., alphabet inc., meta platforms, inc., microsoft corporation, and netflix, inc. have increased investment and resources dedicated to interactive entertainment capabilities. we expect them to continue to pursue and strengthen these businesses. their greater financial or other resources may provide larger budgets to develop and market tools, technologies, products and services that gain consumer success and shift player time and engagement away from our products and services. in addition, our leading position within the interactive entertainment industry makes us a prime target for recruiting our executives, as well as key creative and technical talent, resulting in retention challenges and increased cost to retain and incentivize our key people.
recently, our industry has undergone a period of increased consolidation which increases competitive pressure on us as interactive entertainment companies grow through acquisition - such as take two interactive's recent acquisition of zynga - or as larger, well-funded technology companies strengthen their interactive entertainment capabilities - such as microsoft's recently announced definitive agreement to acquire activision blizzard.
free-to-play games. the global adoption of mobile devices and a business model for those devices that allows consumers to try new games with no up-front cost, and that are monetized through a live service associated with the game, particularly extra content sales, has led to significant sales growth in the mobile gaming industry. similarly, sales of extra content are the primary driver of our mobile business. we are investing resources in our mobile business, seeking to maximize our mobile live services, innovate on mobile with our franchises, and through mergers and acquisitions activity have brought new mobile franchises and live services, as well as the teams and technologies responsible for them, to our mobile portfolio and organization. we expect these factors to drive growth in mobile net revenue in fiscal 2023. likewise, the consumer acceptance of free-to-play, live service-based, online pc and console games has broadened our consumer base and has begun to expand into the console market. for example, within our business, we offer apex legends as a free-to-play, live service-based pc and console game. we expect extra content revenue generated from mobile, pc and console free-to-play games to continue to be an important part of our business.
concentration of sales among the most popular games. in all major segments of our industry, we see a large portion of games sales concentrated on the most popular titles. similarly, a significant portion of our revenue historically has been derived from games based on a few popular franchises, several of which we have released on an annual or bi-annual basis. in particular, we have historically derived a significant portion of our net revenue from our global football franchise, the annualized version of which is consistently one of the best-selling games in the marketplace. we have invested in over 300 individual partnerships and licenses to create our global football ecosystem and starting in fiscal year 2024, our global football franchise will transition to a new ea sports fc brand. our vision for the future of interactive football with ea sports fc is to create the largest football club in the world, and we believe this is the right opportunity for us so that we can continue delivering innovation and growing to connect more fans on a global scale for years to come.
re-occurring revenue sources. our business model includes revenue that we deem re-occurring in nature, such as revenue from our annualized sports franchises (e.g., global football, madden nfl), our console, pc and mobile catalog titles (i.e., titles that did not launch in the current fiscal year), and our live services. we have been able to forecast revenue from these areas of our business with greater relative confidence than for new games, services and business models. as we continue to incorporate new business models and modalities of play into our games, our goal is to continue to look for opportunities to expand the re-occurring portion of our business.
net bookings. in order to improve transparency into our business, we disclose an operating performance metric, net bookings. net bookings is defined as the net amount of products and services sold digitally or sold-in physically in the period. net bookings is calculated by adding total net revenue to the change in deferred net revenue for online-enabled games.
the following is a calculation of our total net bookings for the periods presented:
year ended march 31,
(in millions)                                                         2022                            2021
total net revenue                                              $6,991                          $5,629
change in deferred net revenue (online-enabled games)             524                             561
net bookings                                                   $7,515                          $6,190
net bookings were $7,515 million for fiscal year 2022 primarily driven by sales related to our fifa franchise, apex legends, madden nfl 22, and the sims 4. net bookings increased $1,325 million or 21 percent as compared to fiscal year 2021 primarily due to increased year-over-year sales for apex legends and the fifa franchise, and new games added to our portfolio through acquisitions activity, including f1 2021 and several mobile titles, partially offset by the star wars franchise and the sims 4. live services and other net bookings were $5,370 million for fiscal year 2022, and increased $778 million or 17 percent as compared to fiscal year 2021. the increase in live services and other net bookings was due primarily to an increase in sales of extra content for apex legends, sales of extra content for new games added to our mobile portfolio through acquisitions activity, and sales of extra content for fifa ultimate team. full game net bookings were $2,145 million for fiscal year 2022, and increased $547 million or 34 percent as compared to fiscal year 2021 primarily due to battlefield 2042, the fifa franchise, and f1 2021, partially offset by the star wars franchise and ufc 4.
mergers and acquisitions acquisition of glu mobile. on april 29, 2021, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity interests of glu mobile inc., a leading global developer and publisher of mobile games for a total purchase price of $2.0 billion, net of cash acquired of $332 million. the acquisition of glu is expected to accelerate our mobile growth by creating a combined organization with ongoing live services across multiple games and genres. we also believe that the acquisition will create value by adding glu's expertise in casual sports and lifestyle genres to new titles based on our intellectual property. glu was integrated into the company for financial reporting purposes during the first fiscal quarter of fiscal year 2022.
acquisition of playdemic. on september 20, 2021, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity interests of playdemic limited, a private limited company incorporated in england and wales for a total purchase price of $1.4 billion, net of cash acquired. the acquisition of playdemic is intended to be another step in our strategy of continued leadership in sports and mobile expansion. playdemic was integrated into the company for financial reporting purposes during the second quarter of fiscal year 2022.
for more information about our acquisitions, see part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in note 7 - business combinations.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("u.s. gaap"). the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, contingent assets and liabilities, and revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. the policies discussed below are considered by management to be critical because they are not only important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, but also because application and interpretation of these policies requires both management judgment and estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain and unknown, including uncertainty in the current economic environment due to the covid-19 pandemic. as a result, actual results may differ materially from our estimates.
revenue recognition we derive revenue principally from sales of our games, and related extra content and services that can be experienced on game consoles, pcs, mobile phones and tablets. our product and service offerings include, but are not limited to, the following:
full games with both online and offline functionality ("games with services"), which generally includes (1) the initial game delivered digitally or via physical disc at the time of sale and typically provide access to offline core game content ("software license"); (2) updates on a when-and-if-available basis, such as software patches or updates, and/or additional free content to be delivered in the future ("future update rights"); and (3) a hosted connection for online playability ("online hosting");
full games with online-only functionality which require an internet connection to access all gameplay and functionality ("online-hosted service games");
extra content related to games with services and online-hosted service games which provides access to additional in-game content;
subscriptions, such as ea play and ea play pro, that generally offer access to a selection of full games, in-game content, online services and other benefits typically for a recurring monthly or annual fee; and
licensing to third parties to distribute and host our games and content.
we evaluate and recognize revenue by:
identifying the contract(s) with the customer;
identifying the performance obligations in the contract;
determining the transaction price;
allocating the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and
recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied through the transfer of a promised good or service to a customer (i.e., "transfer of control").
certain of our full game and/or extra content are sold to resellers with a contingency that the full game and/or extra content cannot be resold prior to a specific date ("street date contingency"). we recognize revenue for transactions that have a street date contingency when the street date contingency is removed and the full game and/or extra content can be resold by the reseller. for digital full game and/or extra content downloads sold to customers, we recognize revenue when the full game and/or extra content is made available for download to the customer.
online-enabled games games with services. our sales of games with services are evaluated to determine whether the software license, future update rights and the online hosting are distinct and separable. sales of games with services are generally determined to have three distinct performance obligations: software license, future update rights, and the online hosting.
since we do not sell the performance obligations on a stand-alone basis, we consider market conditions and other observable inputs to estimate the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation. for games with services, generally 75 percent of the sales price is allocated to the software license performance obligation and recognized at a point in time when control of the license has been transferred to the customer. the remaining 25 percent is allocated to the future update rights and the online hosting performance obligations and recognized ratably as the service is provided (over the estimated offering period).
online-hosted service games. sales of our online-hosted service games are determined to have one distinct performance obligation: the online hosting. we recognize revenue from these arrangements as the service is provided.
extra content. revenue received from sales of downloadable content are derived primarily from the sale of virtual currencies and digital in-game content that are designed to extend and enhance players' game experience. sales of extra content are accounted for in a manner consistent with the treatment for our games with services and online-hosted service games as discussed above, depending upon whether or not the extra content has offline functionality. that is, if the extra content has offline functionality, then the extra content is accounted for similarly to games with services (generally determined to have three distinct performance obligations: software license, future update rights, and the online hosting). if the extra content does not have offline functionality, then the extra content is determined to have one distinct performance obligation: the online-hosted service offering.
subscriptions sales of our subscriptions are deemed to be one performance obligation and we recognize revenue from these arrangements ratably over the subscription term as the performance obligation is satisfied.
licensing revenue we utilize third-party licensees to distribute and host our games and content in accordance with license agreements, for which the licensees typically pay us a fixed minimum guarantee and/or sales-based royalties. these arrangements typically include multiple performance obligations, such as a time-based license of software and future update rights. we recognize as revenue a portion of the minimum guarantee when we transfer control of the license of software (generally upon commercial launch) and the remaining portion ratably over the contractual term in which we provide the licensee with future update rights. any sales-based royalties are generally recognized as the related sales occur by the licensee.
significant judgments around revenue arrangements identifying performance obligations. performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods and services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, (i.e., the customer can benefit from the goods or services either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available), and are distinct in the context of the contract (i.e., it is separately identifiable from other goods or services in the contract). to the extent a contract includes multiple promises, we must apply judgment to determine whether those promises are separate and distinct performance obligations. if these criteria are not met, the promises are accounted for as a combined performance obligation.
determining the transaction price. the transaction price is determined based on the consideration that we will be entitled to receive in exchange for transferring our goods and services to the customer. determining the transaction price often requires judgment, based on an assessment of contractual terms and business practices. it further includes review of variable consideration such as discounts, sales returns, price protection, and rebates, which is estimated at the time of the transaction. in addition, the transaction price does not include an estimate of the variable consideration related to sales-based royalties. sales-based royalties are recognized as the sales occur.
allocating the transaction price. allocating the transaction price requires that we determine an estimate of the relative stand-alone selling price for each distinct performance obligation. determining the relative stand-alone selling price is inherently subjective, especially in situations where we do not sell the performance obligation on a stand-alone basis (which occurs in the majority of our transactions). in those situations, we determine the relative stand-alone selling price based on various observable inputs using all information that is reasonably available. examples of observable inputs and information include: historical internal pricing data, cost plus margin analysis, pre-release versus post-release costs, and pricing data from competitors to the extent the data is available. the results of our analysis resulted in a specific percentage of the transaction price being allocated to each performance obligation.
determining the estimated offering period. the offering period is the period in which we offer to provide the future update rights and/or online hosting for the game and related extra content sold. because the offering period is not an explicitly defined period, we must make an estimate of the offering period for the service-related performance obligations (i.e., future update rights and online hosting). determining the estimated offering period is inherently subjective and is subject to regular revision. generally, we consider the average period of time customers are online when estimating the offering period. we also consider the estimated period of time between the date a game unit is sold to a reseller and the date the reseller sells the game unit to the customer (i.e., time in channel). based on these two factors, we then consider the method of distribution. for example, games and extra content sold at retail would have a composite offering period equal to the online gameplay period plus time in channel as opposed to digitally-distributed games and extra content which are delivered immediately via digital download and therefore, the offering period is estimated to be only the online gameplay period.
additionally, we consider results from prior analyses, known and expected online gameplay trends, as well as disclosed service periods for competitors' games in determining the estimated offering period for future sales. we believe this provides a reasonable depiction of the transfer of future update rights and online hosting to our customers, as it is the best representation of the time period during which our games and extra content are experienced. we recognize revenue for future update rights and online hosting performance obligations ratably on a straight-line basis over this period as there is a consistent pattern of delivery for these performance obligations. prior to july 1, 2020, these performance obligations were generally recognized over an estimated nine-month period beginning in the month after shipment for games and extra content sold through retail and an estimated six-month period for digitally-distributed games and extra content beginning in the month of sale.
during the three months ended september 30, 2020, we completed our annual evaluation of the estimated offering period and as a result, for sales after july 1, 2020, revenue for service-related performance obligations for games and extra content sold through retail are recognized over an estimated ten-month period beginning in the month of sale, and revenue for service-related performance obligations for digitally-distributed games and extra content is recognized over an estimated eight-month period beginning in the month of sale. the fiscal year 2021 change in estimated offering period did not impact the amount of net bookings or the operating cash flows that we report. during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2022, this change to our estimated offering period resulted in an increase in net revenue of $331 million and net income of $252 million, and an increase of $0.88 diluted earnings per share. during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2021, this change to our estimated offering period resulted in a decrease in net revenue of $333 million and net income of $280 million, and a decrease of $0.96 diluted earnings per share.
during the three months ended september 30, 2021, we completed our annual evaluation of the estimated offering period. we have noted consumers are playing certain of our online hosted service games, such as pc and console free-to-play games, for longer periods of time than in prior years as players engage with services we provide that are designed to enhance and extend gameplay, and as such, have concluded that the estimated offering period for such games should be lengthened. as a result, for all new sales after july 1, 2021, the revenue that we recognize for service-related performance obligations related to our pc and console free-to-play games is recognized generally over a twelve-month period. this change in estimated offering period did not impact the amount of net bookings or the operating cash flows that we report. during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2022, this change to our estimated offering period resulted in a decrease in net revenue of $131 million and net income of $100 million, and a decrease of $0.35 diluted earnings per share.
principal agent considerations we evaluate sales to end customers of our full games and related content via third-party storefronts, including digital storefronts such as microsoft's xbox store, sony's playstation store, apple app store, and google play store, in order to determine whether or not we are acting as the principal in the sale to the end customer, which we consider in determining if revenue should be reported gross or net of fees retained by the third-party storefront. an entity is the principal if it controls a good or service before it is transferred to the end customer. key indicators that we evaluate in determining gross versus net treatment include but are not limited to the following:
the underlying contract terms and conditions between the various parties to the transaction;
which party is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service to the end customer;
which party has inventory risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to the end customer; and
which party has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service.
based on an evaluation of the above indicators, except as discussed below, we have determined that generally the third party is considered the principal to end customers for the sale of our full games and related content. we therefore report revenue related to these arrangements net of the fees retained by the storefront. however, for sales arrangements via apple app store and google play store, ea is considered the principal to the end customer and thus, we report revenue on a gross basis and mobile platform fees are reported within cost of revenue.
fair value estimates business combinations. we must estimate the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and acquired in-process technology in a business combination. our assessment of the estimated fair value of each of these can have a material effect on our reported results as intangible assets are amortized over various estimated useful lives. furthermore, the estimated fair value assigned to an acquired asset or liability has a direct impact on the amount we recognize as goodwill, which is an asset that is not amortized. accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions with respect to intangible assets.
although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable, they are based in part on historical experience, market conditions, and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. examples of critical estimates used in valuing certain of the intangible assets and in determining the useful lives for the assets we have acquired or may acquire in the future include, but are not limited to:
future expected revenues and cash flows;
expected use of the acquired assets;
the acquired company's trade name and trademarks, as well as assumptions about the period of time the acquired trade name and trademarks will continue to be used in our portfolio;
expected costs to develop in-process research and development into commercially viable products and estimated cash flows from the projects when completed;
discount rates used to determine the present value of estimated future cash flows, which are typically derived from a weighted-average cost of capital analysis and adjusted to reflect inherent risks.
such estimates are inherently difficult and subjective and can have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates, or actual results.
income taxes we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for both (1) the expected impact of differences between the financial statement amount and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and (2) the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax losses and tax credit carryforwards. we do not recognize any deferred taxes related to the u.s. taxes on foreign earnings as we recognize these taxes as a period cost.
we record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets when it is considered more likely than not that all or a portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. in making this determination, we are required to give significant weight to evidence that can be objectively verified. it is generally difficult to conclude that a valuation allowance is not needed when there is significant negative evidence, such as cumulative losses in recent years. forecasts of future taxable income are considered to be less objective than past results. therefore, cumulative losses weigh heavily in the overall assessment.
in addition to considering forecasts of future taxable income, we are also required to evaluate and quantify other possible sources of taxable income in order to assess the realization of our deferred tax assets, namely the reversal of existing deferred tax liabilities, the carryback of losses and credits as allowed under current tax law, and the implementation of tax planning strategies. evaluating and quantifying these amounts involves significant judgments. each source of income must be evaluated based on all positive and negative evidence and this evaluation may involve assumptions about future activity. certain taxable temporary differences that are not expected to reverse during the carry forward periods permitted by tax law cannot be considered as a source of future taxable income that may be available to realize the benefit of deferred tax assets.
every quarter, we perform a realizability analysis to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that all or a portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. our swiss deferred tax asset realizability analysis relies upon future swiss taxable income as the primary source of taxable income but considers all available sources of swiss income based on the positive and negative evidence. we give more weight to evidence that can be objectively verified. however, there is judgment involved in estimating future swiss taxable income, specifically related to assumptions about expected growth rates of future swiss taxable income, which are based primarily on third party market and industry growth data. actual results that differ materially from those estimates could have a material impact on our valuation allowance assessment. although objectively verifiable, swiss interest rates have an impact on the valuation allowance and are based on published swiss guidance. any significant changes to such interest rates could result in a material impact to the valuation allowance. switzerland has a seven-year carryforward period and does not permit the carry back of losses. changes in estimated offering period and actions we take in connection with acquisitions could also impact the utilization of our swiss deferred tax asset.
as part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our income taxes in each jurisdiction in which we operate prior to the completion and filing of tax returns for such periods. this process requires estimating both our geographic mix of income and our uncertain tax positions in each jurisdiction where we operate. these estimates require us to make judgments about the likely application of the tax law to our situation, as well as with respect to other matters, such as anticipating the positions that we will take on tax returns prior to our preparing the returns and the outcomes of disputes with tax authorities. the ultimate resolution of these issues may take extended periods of time due to examinations by tax authorities and statutes of limitations. in addition, changes in our business, including acquisitions, changes in our international corporate structure, changes in the geographic location of business functions or assets, changes in the geographic mix and amount of income, as well as changes in our agreements with tax authorities, valuation allowances, applicable accounting rules, applicable tax laws and regulations, rulings and interpretations thereof, developments in tax audit and other matters, and variations in the estimated and actual level of annual pre-tax income can affect the overall effective tax rate.
impact of recently issued accounting standards the information under the subheading "impact of recently issued accounting standards" in note 1 - description of business and basis of presentation to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k is incorporated by reference into this item 7.
results of operations our fiscal year is reported on a 52- or 53-week period that ends on the saturday nearest march 31. our results of operations for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2022 contained 52 weeks and ended on april 2, 2022. our results of operations for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2021 contained 53 weeks and ended on april 3, 2021. for simplicity of disclosure, all fiscal periods are referred to as ending on a calendar month end.
net revenue net revenue consists of sales generated from (1) full games sold as digital downloads or as packaged goods and designed for play on game consoles, pcs and mobile phones and tablets (2) live services associated with these games, such as extra-content, (3) subscriptions that generally offer access to a selection of full games, in-game content, online services and other benefits, and (4) licensing our games to third parties to distribute and host our games.
comparison of fiscal year 2022 to fiscal year 2021
net revenue net revenue for fiscal year 2022 was $6,991 million, primarily driven by sales related to our fifa and madden franchises, apex legends, and the sims 4. net revenue for fiscal year 2022 increased $1,362 million, as compared to fiscal year 2021. this increase was driven by a $1,839 million increase in net revenue primarily driven by increased year-over-year sales for the fifa franchise and apex legends, new games added to our portfolio through acquisitions activity, including f1 2021 and several mobile titles, and battlefield 2042. this increase was partially offset by a $477 million decrease in net revenue primarily from the star wars, the sims, need for speed and ufc franchises.
net revenue by composition as our business has evolved, and management focuses less on the differentiation between our packaged goods business and our digital business and more on our full game sales and live services that extend and enhance gameplay, we present net revenue by composition to align with this management view.
our net revenue by composition for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 was as follows (in millions):
year ended march 31,
2022                                                          2021                  $ change                % change net revenue:
full game downloads              $1,282                    $918                    $364                      40    %
packaged goods                      711                     695      16                                       2    %
full game                        $1,993                  $1,613                    $380                      24    %
live services and other          $4,998                  $4,016                    $982                      24    %
total net revenue                $6,991                  $5,629                  $1,362                      24    %
full game net revenue full game net revenue includes full game downloads and packaged goods. full game downloads includes revenue from digital sales of full games on console, pc, and mobile phones and tablets. packaged goods includes revenue from software that is sold physically. this includes (1) net revenue from game software sold physically through traditional channels such as brick and mortar retailers, and (2) software licensing revenue from third parties (for example, makers of console platforms, personal computers or computer accessories) who include certain of our full games for sale with their products (for example, original equipment manufacturer ("oem") bundles).
full game net revenue for fiscal year 2022 was $1,993 million, primarily driven by sales related to our fifa franchise, madden nfl 22, battlefield 2042, and it takes two. full game net revenue for fiscal year 2022 increased $380 million, or 24 percent, as compared to fiscal year 2021. this increase was primarily driven by a $364 million increase in full game downloads net revenue primarily driven by year-over-year growth in the fifa franchise, battlefield 2042, it takes two, and mass effect trilogy remaster, partially offset by the star wars franchise.
live services and other net revenue live services and other net revenue includes revenue from sales of extra content for console, pc and mobile games, licensing revenue from third-party publishing partners who distribute our games digitally, subscriptions, advertising, and non-software licensing.
live services and other net revenue for fiscal year 2022 was $4,998 million, primarily driven by sales of extra content for fifa ultimate team, apex legends, the sims 4, madden ultimate team, and star wars: galaxy of heroes. live services and other net revenue for fiscal year 2022 increased $982 million, or 24 percent, as compared to fiscal year 2021. this increase was primarily driven by sales of extra content for fifa ultimate team, apex legends and new games added to our mobile portfolio through acquisitions activity, partially offset by a year-over-year decrease in sales of extra content for the sims 4.
cost of revenue cost of revenue consists of (1) certain royalty expenses for celebrities, professional sports leagues, movie studios and other organizations, and independent software developers, (2) mobile platform fees associated with our mobile revenue (for transactions in which we are acting as the principal in the sale to the end customer), (3) data center, bandwidth and server costs associated with hosting our online games and websites, (4) inventory costs, (5) payment processing fees, (6) amortization and impairment of certain intangible assets, (7) personnel-related costs, (8) manufacturing royalties, and (9) warehousing and distribution costs.
cost of revenue for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 was as follows (in millions):
march 31,                  % of net       march 31,                  % of net                % change       change as a % of net revenue
2022                       revenue        2021                       revenue
$1,859            27                 %    $1,494            27                 %    24                 %    -                       %
cost of revenue cost of revenue increased by $365 million, or 24 percent during fiscal year 2022, as compared to fiscal year 2021. this increase was primarily due to an increase in platform and hosting fees due to new games added to our mobile portfolio through acquisitions activity and higher engagement with apex legends, an increase in acquisition-related intangible amortization, and an increase in royalty costs driven by it takes two and the growth in the fifa franchise.
research and development research and development expenses consist of expenses incurred by our production studios for personnel-related costs, related overhead costs, external third-party development costs, contracted services, depreciation and any impairment of prepaid royalties for pre-launch products. research and development expenses for our online products include expenses incurred by our studios consisting of direct development and related overhead costs in connection with the development and production of our online games. research and development expenses also include expenses associated with our digital platform, software licenses and maintenance, and management overhead.
research and development expenses for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in millions):
march 31,                  % of net       march 31,                  % of net       $ change                % change
2022                       revenue        2021                       revenue
$2,186            31                 %    $1,778            32                 %    $408           23                 %
research and development expenses increased by $408 million, or 23 percent, in fiscal year 2022, as compared to fiscal year 2021. this increase was primarily due to a $229 million increase in personnel-related costs primarily resulting from headcount due to acquisitions and continued investment in our studios, a $71 million increase in stock-based compensation, a $60 million increase in studio-related contracted services, and a $31 million increase in facility-related costs.
marketing and sales marketing and sales expenses consist of advertising, marketing and promotional expenses, personnel-related costs, and related overhead costs, net of qualified advertising cost reimbursements from third parties.
marketing and sales expenses for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in millions):
march 31,                  % of net       march 31,                  % of net       $ change                % change
2022                       revenue        2021                       revenue
$961              14                 %    $689              12                 %    $272           39                 %
marketing and sales expenses increased by $272 million, or 39 percent, in fiscal year 2022, as compared to fiscal year 2021. this increase was primarily due to an increase in advertising and promotional spending primarily on our mobile titles, battlefield 2042, and apex legends.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses consist of personnel and related expenses of executive and administrative staff, corporate functions such as finance, legal, human resources, and information technology ("it"), related overhead costs, fees for professional services such as legal and accounting, and allowances for doubtful accounts.
general and administrative expenses for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in millions):
march 31,                  % of net       march 31,                  % of net       $ change                % change
2022                       revenue        2021                       revenue
$673              10                 %    $592              11                 %    $81            14                 %
general and administrative expenses increased by $81 million, or 14 percent, in fiscal year 2022, as compared to fiscal year 2021. this increase was primarily due to a $22 million increase in acquisition-related transaction and integration costs, a $16 million increase in personnel-related costs primarily resulting from an increase in headcount, a $15 million increase in it-related costs, a $13 million increase in stock-based compensation, and a $7 million increase in contracted services.
amortization and impairment of intangibles amortization and impairment of intangibles for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in millions):
march 31,                  % of net       march 31,                  % of net       $ change                % change
2022                       revenue        2021                       revenue
$183              3                  %    $30               1                  %    $153           510                %
amortization and impairment of intangibles increased by $153 million in fiscal year 2022, as compared to fiscal year 2021, due to an increase in acquired intangible assets from recent acquisitions, and impairment charges of $34 million recorded in fiscal year 2022.
income taxes provision for (benefit from) income taxes for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 was as follows (in millions):
march 31, 2022                effective tax rate         march 31, 2021                effective tax rate
$292                 27.0                       %        $180                 17.7                       %
our effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2022 was 27.0 percent as compared to 17.7 percent for the same period in fiscal year 2021.
during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2022, we completed intra-entity sales of intellectual property rights related to recent acquisitions to our u.s. and swiss intellectual property owners (the "acquired ip intra-entity sales"). the transactions resulted in overall taxable gains. under u.s. gaap, any profit resulting from the acquired ip intra-entity sales was eliminated upon consolidation. however, the transactions resulted in a step-up of the u.s. and swiss tax-deductible basis in the transferred intellectual property rights and, accordingly, created a temporary difference between the book basis and the tax basis of such intellectual property rights. as a result, we recognized a $64 million net tax benefit for the current and deferred tax impacts of the sales.
in addition, during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2022, we recognized a $29 million tax charge to increase the valuation allowance on swiss deferred tax assets that are not more likely than not to be realized. the acquired ip intra-entity sales and the change in valuation allowance had the effect of reducing our effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2022 by 3.2 percentage points.
our effective tax rate and resulting provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2021 includes a $141 million tax benefit for changes in uncertain tax positions and the valuation allowance related to our swiss deferred tax assets. this benefit had the effect of reducing our effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2021 by 13.9 percentage points.
our effective tax rates for future periods will continue to depend on a variety of factors, including changes in our business, such as acquisitions and intercompany transactions, our corporate structure, the geographic location of business functions or assets, the geographic mix of income, our agreements with tax authorities, applicable accounting rules, applicable tax laws and regulations, rulings and interpretations thereof, developments in tax audit and other matters, and variations in our annual pre-tax income or loss. we anticipate that the impact of excess tax benefits, tax deficiencies, and changes in valuation allowances may result in significant fluctuations to our effective tax rate in the future.
comparison of fiscal year 2021 to fiscal year 2020
for the comparison of fiscal year 2021 to fiscal year 2020, refer to part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for our fiscal year ended march 31, 2021, filed with the sec on may 26, 2021 under the subheading "comparison of fiscal year 2021 to fiscal year 2020."
liquidity and capital resources as of march 31,
(in millions)                                                              2022                            2021   increase/(decrease)
cash and cash equivalents                                           $2,732                          $5,260        $(2,528)
short-term investments                                                 330                           1,106        (776)
total                                                               $3,062                          $6,366        $(3,304)
percentage of total assets                                              22    %                         48    %
year ended march 31,
(in millions)                                                              2022                            2021   change net cash provided by operating activities                           $1,899                          $1,934        $(35)
net cash used in investing activities                              (2,804)                           (505)        (2,299)
net cash used in financing activities                              (1,620)                            (15)        (1,605)
effect of foreign exchange on cash and cash equivalents                (3)                              78        (81)
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents              $(2,528)                          $1,492        $(4,020)
for the comparison of fiscal year 2021 to fiscal year 2020, refer to part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for our fiscal year ended march 31, 2021, filed with the sec on may 26, 2021 under the subheading "liquidity and capital resources."
changes in cash flow operating activities. net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $35 million during fiscal year 2022, as compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily driven by higher cash payments for income taxes, higher personnel-related payments primarily from an increase in headcount, higher marketing and advertising payments, higher cash payments for royalties, and higher cash payments for platform and hosting fees. these decreases were offset by higher cash generated due to improved performance as we executed against our strategic pillars and increased engagement with our products and services which led to growth in our business.
investing activities. net cash used in investing activities increased by $2,299 million during fiscal year 2022, as compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily driven by a $2,357 million decrease in proceeds from maturities and sales of short-term investments, higher payments of $2,152 million in connection with acquisitions completed during fiscal year 2022, and a $64 million increase in capital expenditures. these increases were offset by a $2,274 million decrease in the purchase of short-term investments.
financing activities. net cash used in financing activities increased by $1,605 million during fiscal year 2022, as compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily driven by net proceeds from the issuance of the 2031 notes and 2051 notes for $1,478 million during fiscal year 2021, a $571 million increase in the repurchase and retirement of our common stock, a $95 million increase in cash dividend payments during fiscal year 2022, and a $52 million increase in cash paid to taxing authorities in connection with employee withholding taxes for stock-based compensation. these increases were offset by a repayment of $600 million of our 2021 notes during fiscal year 2021.
short-term investments due to our mix of fixed and variable rate securities, our short-term investment portfolio is susceptible to changes in short-term interest rates. as of march 31, 2022, our short-term investments had gross unrealized losses of $2 million, or less than 1 percent of the total in short-term investments. from time to time, we may liquidate some or all of our short-term investments to fund operational needs or other activities, such as capital expenditures, business acquisitions or stock repurchase programs.
senior notes in february 2021, we issued $750 million aggregate principal amount of the 2031 notes and $750 million aggregate principal amount of the 2051 notes. the effective interest rate is 1.98% for the 2031 notes and 3.04% for the 2051 notes. interest is payable semiannually in arrears, on february 15 and august 15 of each year.
in february 2016, we issued $400 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 notes. the effective interest rate is 4.97% for the 2026 notes. interest is payable semiannually in arrears, on march 1 and september 1 of each year.
see note 12 - financing arrangements to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k as it relates to our senior notes, which is incorporated by reference into this item 7.
credit facility on august 29, 2019, we entered into a $500 million unsecured revolving credit facility ("credit facility") with a syndicate of banks. the credit facility terminates on august 29, 2024 unless the maturity is extended in accordance with its terms. as of march 31, 2022, no amounts were outstanding under the credit facility. see note 12 - financing arrangements to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k as it relates to our credit facility, which is incorporated by reference into this item 7.
financial condition our material cash requirements as of march 31, 2022 are set forth in our note 14 - commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k, which is incorporated by reference into this item 7. we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $200 million in fiscal year 2023 due to facility buildouts. we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash generated from operations and available financing facilities will be sufficient to meet these material cash requirements, which include licensing intellectual property from professional sports leagues and players associations used in our ea sports titles (e.g., the 300+ licenses within our global football ecosystem, nfl properties llc, nfl players association and nfl players inc. on behalf of oneteam partners, llc) and third-party content and celebrities (e.g., disney interactive), debt repayment obligations of $1.9 billion, and to fund our operating requirements for the next 12 months and beyond. our operating requirements include working capital requirements, capital expenditures, the remaining portion of our $2.6 billion share repurchase program, quarterly cash dividend, which is currently $0.19 per share, subject to declaration by our board of directors or a designated committee of the board of directors, and potentially, future acquisitions or strategic investments. we may choose at any time to raise additional capital to repay debt, strengthen our financial position, facilitate expansion, repurchase our stock, pursue strategic acquisitions and investments, and/or to take advantage of business opportunities as they arise. there can be no assurance, however, that such additional capital will be available to us on favorable terms, if at all, or that it will not result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders.
during fiscal year 2022, we returned $1,493 million to stockholders through our capital return programs, repurchasing approximately 9.5 million shares for approximately $1,300 million and $193 million through our quarterly cash dividend program which was initiated in november 2020.
during fiscal year 2022, we also completed mergers and acquisitions activity, including the acquisitions of 100% of the equity interests of glu and playdemic for cash considerations of $2.0 billion and $1.4 billion, net of cash acquired, respectively, and one other immaterial acquisition.
our foreign subsidiaries are generally subject to u.s. tax, and to the extent earnings from these subsidiaries can be repatriated without a material tax cost, such earnings will not be indefinitely reinvested. as of march 31, 2022, approximately $2.0 billion of our cash and cash equivalents were domiciled in foreign tax jurisdictions. all of our foreign cash is available for repatriation without a material tax cost.
we have a "shelf" registration statement on form s-3 on file with the sec. this shelf registration statement, which includes a base prospectus, allows us at any time to offer any combination of securities described in the prospectus in one or more offerings. unless otherwise specified in a prospectus supplement accompanying the base prospectus, we would use the net proceeds from the sale of any securities offered pursuant to the shelf registration statement for general corporate purposes, which may include funding for working capital, financing capital expenditures, research and development, marketing and distribution efforts, and if opportunities arise, for acquisitions or strategic alliances. pending such uses, we may invest the net proceeds in interest-bearing securities. in addition, we may conduct concurrent or other financings at any time.
our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity could be affected by various risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, customer demand and acceptance of our products, our ability to collect our accounts receivable as they become due, successfully achieving our product release schedules and attaining our forecasted sales objectives, economic and geopolitical conditions in the united states and abroad, the impact of acquisitions and other strategic transactions in which we may engage, the impact of competition, the seasonal and cyclical nature of our business and operating results, and the other risks described in the "risk factors" section, included in part i, item 1a of this report.
as of march 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.
