item 1a.     risk factors our business involves various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those discussed in this section. the risks and uncertainties described in the risk factors below, or any additional risk outside of those discussed below, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, or liquidity if they were to develop into actual events. this information should be considered carefully together with the other information contained in this report and in other reports and materials we file periodically with the securities and exchange commission.
our risks have been divided into the following categories:
risks related to erie insurance exchange - risks related to our dependence on our relationship with the exchange associated with management fees, premium growth, and financial condition, as the exchange is our sole customer and principal source of revenue operating risks - risks stemming from events or circumstances that directly or indirectly affect our operations, including our operations as attorney-in-fact for the exchange market, capital, and liquidity risks - risks that may impact the values or results of our investment portfolio, ability to meet financial obligations or covenants, or obtain capital as necessary although we have organized risks generally according to these categories in the discussion below, risks may have impacts in more than one category and are included where the impact is most significant.
risks related to erie insurance exchange if the management fee rate paid by the exchange is reduced or if there is a significant decrease in the amount of direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange, revenues and profitability could be materially adversely affected.
we are dependent upon management fees paid by the exchange, which represent our principal source of revenue. pursuant to the subscriber's agreement with the subscribers at the exchange, we may retain up to 25% of all direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange. therefore, management fee revenue from the exchange is calculated by multiplying the management fee rate by the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange. accordingly, any reduction in direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange and/or the management fee rate would have a negative effect on our revenues and net income.
the management fee rate is determined by our board of directors and may not exceed 25% of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange. the board of directors sets the management fee rate each december for the following year. at their discretion, the rate can be changed at any time. the process of setting the management fee rate includes the evaluation of current year operating results compared to both prior year and industry estimated results for both indemnity and the exchange, and consideration of several factors for both entities including: their relative financial strength and capital position; projected revenue, expense and earnings for the subsequent year; future capital needs; as well as competitive position. the evaluation of these factors could result in a reduction to the management fee rate and our revenues and profitability could be materially adversely affected.
serving as the attorney-in-fact in the reciprocal insurance exchange structure results in the exchange being our sole customer. we have an interest in the growth of the exchange as our earnings are largely generated from management fees based on the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange. if the exchange's ability to grow or renew policies were adversely impacted, the premium revenue of the exchange would be adversely affected which would reduce our management fee revenue. the circumstances or events that might impair the exchange's ability to grow include, but are not limited to, the items discussed below.
unfavorable changes in macroeconomic conditions for any reason, including declining consumer confidence, inflation, high unemployment, lower demand for certain services, reduced personal income, and recession, among others, may lead the exchange's customers to modify coverage, not renew policies, or even cancel policies, which could adversely affect the premium revenue of the exchange, and consequently our management fee.
the exchange faces significant competition from other regional and national insurance companies. the property and casualty insurance industry is highly competitive on the basis of product, price and service. if the exchange's competitors offer property and casualty products with more coverage or offer lower rates, and the exchange is unable to implement product improvements quickly enough to keep pace, its ability to grow and renew its business may be adversely impacted. in addition, due to the exchange's premium concentration in the automobile and homeowners insurance markets, it may be more sensitive to trends that could affect auto and home insurance coverages and rates over time, for example changing vehicle usage, usage-based methods of determining premiums, ownership and driving patterns such as ride sharing or remote work, advancements in vehicle or home technology or safety features such as accident and loss prevention technologies, the development of autonomous vehicles, or residential occupancy patterns, among other factors. innovations by competitors or other market participants may increase the level of competition in the industry. if the exchange fails to respond to those innovations on a timely basis, its competitive position and results may be materially adversely affected.
the exchange markets and sells its insurance products through independent, non-exclusive insurance agencies. these agencies are not obligated to sell only the exchange's insurance products, and generally also sell products of the exchange's competitors. if agencies do not maintain their current levels of marketing efforts, bind the exchange to unacceptable risks, or place business with competing insurers, or if the exchange is unsuccessful in attracting or retaining agencies in its distribution system or maintaining its relationships with those agencies, the exchange's ability to grow and renew its business may be adversely impacted. more broadly, if independent agents face challenges sustaining their own business operations due to unfavorable economic conditions, it could result in the sale or closure of their businesses, thereby reducing the agency force of the exchange. additionally, shifting consumer behaviors toward increased digital interactions may cause the insurance industry as a whole to migrate to a delivery system other than independent agencies.
the exchange maintains a brand recognized for customer service. the perceived performance, actions, conduct and behaviors of employees, independent insurance agency representatives, and third-party service partners may result in reputational harm to the exchange's brand. specific incidents which may cause harm include but are not limited to disputes, long customer wait times, errors in processing a claim, failure to protect sensitive customer data, and negative or inaccurate social media or traditional media communications. likewise, an inability to match or exceed the service provided by competitors, which is increasingly relying on digital delivery and enhanced distribution technology, may impede the exchange's ability to maintain and/or grow its customer base. if third-party service providers fail to perform as anticipated, the exchange may experience operational difficulties, increased costs and reputational damage. if an extreme catastrophic event were to occur in a heavily concentrated geographic area of subscribers/policyholders, an extraordinarily high number of claims could have the potential to strain claims processing and affect the exchange's ability to satisfy its customers. also, we, or the exchange, may fail to meet environmental, social, and governance (esg) expectations of our customers or other interested parties. failure to satisfy expectations in these areas may result in negative publicity or other adverse outcomes. any reputational harm to the exchange could have the potential to impair its ability to grow and renew its business.
we have an interest in the financial condition of the exchange based on serving as the attorney-in-fact in the reciprocal insurance exchange structure and the exchange being our sole customer. if the exchange were to fail to maintain acceptable financial strength ratings, its competitive position in the insurance industry would be adversely affected. if a rating downgrade led to customers not renewing or canceling policies, or impacted the exchange's ability to attract new customers, the premium revenue of the exchange would be adversely affected which would reduce our management fee revenue. the circumstances or events that might impair the exchange's financial condition include, but are not limited to, the items discussed below.
financial strength ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies such as the exchange. higher ratings generally indicate greater financial stability and a stronger ability to meet ongoing obligations to policyholders. the exchange's a.m. best rating is currently a+ ("superior"). a.m. best periodically reviews the exchange's ratings and changes their rating criteria; therefore, the exchange's current rating may not be maintained in the future. a significant downgrade in the a.m. best rating could reduce the competitive position of the exchange, making it more difficult to attract profitable business in the highly competitive property and casualty insurance market and potentially result in reduced sales of its products and lower premium revenue.
the performance of the exchange's investment portfolio is subject to a variety of investment risks. the exchange's investment portfolio is comprised principally of fixed income securities, equity securities and limited partnerships. the fixed income portfolio is subject to a number of risks including, but not limited to, interest rate risk, investment credit risk, sector/concentration risk and liquidity risk. the exchange's common stock and preferred equity securities have exposure to price risk, the risk of potential loss in estimated fair value resulting from an adverse change in prices. limited partnerships are significantly less liquid and generally involve higher degrees of price risk than publicly traded securities. limited partnerships, like publicly traded securities, have exposure to market volatility; but unlike fixed income securities, cash flows and return expectations are less predictable. if any investments in the exchange's investment portfolio were to suffer a substantial decrease in value, the exchange's financial position could be materially adversely affected through increased unrealized losses or impairments. a significant decrease in the exchange's portfolio could also put it, or its subsidiaries, at risk of failing to satisfy regulatory or rating agency minimum capital requirements.
property and casualty insurers are subject to extensive regulatory supervision in the states in which they do business. this regulatory oversight includes, by way of example, matters relating to licensing, examination, rate setting, market conduct, policy forms, limitations on the nature and amount of certain investments, claims practices, mandated participation in involuntary markets and guaranty funds, reserve adequacy, insurer solvency, restrictions on underwriting standards, accounting standards, and transactions between affiliates. such regulation and supervision are primarily for the benefit and protection of policyholders. changes in applicable insurance laws, tax statutes, regulations, or changes in the way regulators administer those laws, tax statutes, or regulations could adversely impact the exchange's business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition, or operating environment and increase its exposure to loss or put it at a competitive disadvantage, which could result in reduced sales of its products and lower premium revenue.
property and casualty insurers face a significant risk of litigation and regulatory investigations and actions in the ordinary course of operating their businesses including the risk of class action lawsuits. the exchange and its subsidiaries have also been named as defendants in a number of pandemic-related lawsuits and, therefore, are subject to the risks and uncertainties of such litigation. plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against the exchange may seek large or indeterminate amounts of damages, including punitive and treble damages, which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. the exchange is also subject to various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests, subpoenas, and books and record examinations from state and federal regulators and authorities.
the uncertainty of risks that emerge upon the occurrence of significant unexpected events, such as pandemics, may cause additional challenges in the process of estimating loss and loss adjustment expense reserves. for example, the behavior of claimants and policyholders may change in unexpected ways, the disruption to the court system may impact the timing and amounts of claims settlements, and the actions taken by governmental bodies, both legislative and regulatory, in reaction to a pandemic or other significant unexpected events, and their related impacts, are hard to predict. among other things, this may result in changes to the exchange's estimated level of loss and loss adjustment expense reserves.
as insurance industry practices and legal, judicial, social and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. in some instances, these emerging issues may not become apparent for some time after the exchange has issued the affected insurance policies. as a result, the full extent of liability under the exchange's insurance policies may not be known for many years after the policies are issued. these issues may adversely affect the exchange's business by either extending coverage beyond its underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims. if there were legislative action in response to a pandemic or other significant unexpected event that retroactively mandated coverage irrespective of terms, exclusions or other conditions included in policies, such as business interruption, that would otherwise preclude coverage, it could have a material impact on the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the exchange.
the exchange's insurance operations are exposed to claims arising out of catastrophes. common natural catastrophic events include hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, hail storms, and severe winter weather. the frequency and severity of these catastrophes is inherently unpredictable. changing climate conditions have added to the unpredictability, frequency and severity of natural disasters and have created additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. a single catastrophic occurrence or aggregation of multiple smaller occurrences within the geographical region of the exchange or its assumed property reinsurance portfolio could adversely affect the financial condition of the exchange. man-made disasters such as terrorist attacks and riots could also cause losses from insurance claims related to the property and casualty insurance operations, which could adversely affect its financial condition.
operating risks if the costs of providing services to the exchange are not controlled, our profitability could be materially adversely affected.
pursuant to the subscriber's agreement, we perform policy issuance and renewal services for the subscribers at the exchange and we serve as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the exchange with respect to its administrative services. the most significant costs we incur in providing policy issuance and renewal services are commissions, employee costs, and technology costs.
commissions to independent agents are our largest expense. commissions include scheduled commissions to agents based upon premiums written as well as additional commissions and bonuses to agents, which are earned by achieving certain targeted measures. changes to commission rates or bonus programs may result in increased future costs and lower profitability. our agent incentive bonuses include a profitability component. if claims frequency and loss expenses were to decrease significantly as a result of an unexpected event, such as a pandemic, the profitability component of our agent incentive bonuses would improve, and our agent compensation costs would increase. our second largest expense is employee costs, including salaries, healthcare, pension, and other benefit costs. regulatory developments, provider relationships, pandemics and demographic and economic factors that are beyond our control indicate that employee healthcare costs could continue to increase which could reduce our profitability. the defined benefit pension plan we offer to our employees is affected by variable factors such as the interest rate used to discount pension liabilities, asset performance and changes in retirement patterns, which are beyond our control and any related future costs increases would reduce our profitability.
technological development is necessary to facilitate ease of doing business for employees, agents and customers. our technological developments are focused on simplifying and improving the employee, agent and customer experiences, increasing efficiencies, redesigning products and addressing other potentially disruptive changes in the insurance industry. as we continue to develop technology initiatives in order to remain competitive, our profitability could be negatively impacted as we invest in system development. we may also experience increased technology costs as we re-design hybrid work models for our employees.
if we are unable to attract, develop, and retain talented executives, key managers, and employees our financial conditions and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our success is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain talented executives and other key management. talent is defined as people with the right skills, knowledge, abilities, character, and motivation. the loss of the services and leadership of certain key officers and the failure to plan for turnover or retirement or to attract and develop talented new executives and managers could prevent us from successfully communicating, implementing, and executing business strategies.
our success also depends on our ability to attract, develop, and retain a talented employee base. the inability to staff all functions of our business with employees possessing the appropriate talent or failure to instill appropriate cultural expectations and behavioral norms within our employees could have an adverse effect on our business performance. additionally, failure to recognize, evaluate, and respond to changing workforce trends including current labor market conditions and new ways of managing in hybrid work environments, or failure to execute proactive retention and replacement strategies could also have an adverse effect on our business performance. staffing appropriately talented employees for the handling of claims and servicing of customers, rendering of disciplined underwriting, and effective sales and marketing are critical to the core functions of our business. in addition, talented employees in the actuarial, finance, human resources, information technology, law, and risk management areas are also essential to support our core functions.
if we are unable to ensure system availability or effectively manage technology initiatives, we may experience adverse financial consequences and/or may be unable to compete effectively.
our business is highly dependent upon the effectiveness of our technology and information systems which support key functions of our core business operations including processing applications and premium payments, providing customer support, performing actuarial and financial analysis, and maintaining key data. additionally, the exchange relies heavily on technology systems for processing claims. in order to support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource efficient manner, we must maintain the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continue to identify and develop new, and enhance existing, technology systems. as we invest in the development of our systems, costs and completion times could exceed original estimates, and/or the project may not deliver the anticipated benefit or perform as expected. if we do not effectively and efficiently manage and upgrade our technology systems, our ability to serve our customers and implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted.
additionally, we depend on a large amount of data to price policies appropriately, track exposures, perform financial analysis, report to regulatory bodies, and ultimately make business decisions. should this data be inaccurate or insufficient, risk exposure may be underestimated and/or poor business decisions may be made. this may in turn lead to adverse operational or financial performance and adverse customer or investor confidence.
if we experience difficulties with technology, data and network security, including as a result of cyber attacks, third-party relationships or cloud-based relationships, our ability to conduct our business could be adversely impacted.
in the normal course of business, we collect, use, store and where appropriate, disclose data concerning individuals and businesses. we also conduct business using third parties who may provide software, data storage, cloud-based computing and other technology services. we have on occasion experienced, and will continue to experience, cyber threats to our data and systems. cyber threats can create significant risks such as destruction of systems or data, denial or interruption of service, disruption of transaction execution, loss or exposure of customer data, theft or exposure of our intellectual property, theft of funds or disruption of other important business functions. our interactions with third parties may expose us to increased risk related to data security, service disruptions or effectiveness of our control system.
in addition, we are subject to numerous federal and state data privacy laws relating to the privacy of the nonpublic personal information of our customers, employees and others. the improper access, disclosure, or misuse or mishandling of information sent to or received from a customer, employee or third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational damage. third parties on whom we rely for certain business processing functions are also subject to these risks, and their failure to adhere to these laws and regulations could negatively impact us.
our board of directors oversees our activities with respect to managing cyber risk through its risk committee. management regularly reports on our cybersecurity risk management program including our risk evaluation and the results of independent third-party security assessments, and our efforts to manage cyber related risks.
we employ a company-wide cybersecurity program of technical, administrative, physical and disclosure controls intended to reduce the risk of cyber threats and protect our information, as well as to communicate potential material threats and incidents. our cybersecurity philosophy and approach align to the national institute of standards and technology cybersecurity framework and its core elements to identify, protect, detect, respond and recover from the various forms of cyber threats. our practices include, but are not limited to, cybersecurity protocols and controls, system monitoring and detection, communication of incidents to appropriate management, third-party risk management, including assessments of emerging threats and vulnerabilities, and ongoing privacy and cybersecurity training for employees and contractors concerning cyber risk. we periodically assess the effectiveness of our cybersecurity efforts including independent validation and verification and security assessments conducted by independent third parties.
the number, complexity and sophistication of cyber threats continue to increase over time. while we maintain cyber liability insurance to mitigate the financial risk around cyber incidents, such insurance may not cover all costs associated with the consequences of information or systems being compromised. additionally, while we have dedicated resources with security incident response capabilities, our response process may not be adequate, may fail to accurately assess the severity of an incident, may not respond quickly enough or may fail to sufficiently remediate an incident. as a result, we may suffer significant legal, reputational, or financial losses, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations.
to date, we are not aware of any material cybersecurity breach with respect to our systems or data. additionally, we are not aware of any cybersecurity breach experienced by anyone with whom we have a third-party relationship that has had a material impact on our systems or data.
if events occurred causing interruption of our operations, facilities, systems or business functions, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results.
we have established business continuity and disaster recovery plans to ensure the continuation of core business operations in the event that normal business operations could not be performed due to catastrophic or other events, including pandemics. while we continue to test and assess our business continuity and disaster recovery plans to validate they meet the needs of our core business operations and addresses multiple business interruption events, there is no assurance that core business operations could be performed upon the occurrence of such an event. employee absence, physical premises damage, systems failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform our business functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business and hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers. our operational resiliency is also dependent on third-party personnel, infrastructure and systems on which we rely. our operations and those of our third parties may become vulnerable to damage or disruption due to circumstances beyond our or their control, such as from catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, pandemics, supply chain interruptions, network failures, and cyber attacks. additionally, we are more dependent on internet and telecommunications access and capabilities. indemnity's workforce is largely concentrated in erie, pennsylvania. if a significant event affects the labor force in this area, it could impact the policy acquisition, underwriting, claims and/or support services provided to the policyholders and/or independent agents of the exchange. disruptions to our workforce or our operations for any reason could result in a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, or results of operations.
we are subject to applicable insurance laws, tax statutes, and regulations, as well as claims and legal proceedings, which, if determined unfavorably, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we face a significant risk of litigation and regulatory investigations and actions in the ordinary course of operating our businesses including the risk of class action lawsuits. we are, have been, or may become subject to class actions and individual suits alleging breach of fiduciary or other duties, including our obligations to indemnify directors and officers in connection with certain legal matters. we are also subject to litigation arising out of our general business activities such as contractual and employment relationships and claims regarding the infringement of the intellectual property of others. plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against us may seek large or indeterminate amounts of damages, including punitive and treble damages, which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. we are also subject to various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests, subpoenas, and books and record examinations from state and federal regulators and authorities. in addition, changes in the way regulators administer applicable laws, tax statutes, or regulations could adversely impact our business, cash flows, results of operations, or financial condition. it is also possible that changes in economic conditions and steps taken by federal, state and local governments in response to a pandemic or other significant events could cause an increase in taxes at the federal, state and local levels, which would adversely impact our results of operations.
market, capital, and liquidity risks the performance of our investment portfolio is subject to a variety of investment risks, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
at december 31, 2021, our investment portfolio consisted of approximately 83% fixed maturity securities, with the remaining 17% invested in equity securities and other investments.
general economic conditions and other factors beyond our control can adversely affect the value of our investments and the realization of net investment income, or result in realized investment losses. in addition, downward economic trends also may have an adverse effect on our investment results by negatively impacting the business conditions and impairing credit for the issuers of securities held in our respective investment portfolios. this could reduce fair values of investments and generate significant unrealized losses or impairment charges which may adversely affect our financial results.
the performance of the fixed income portfolio is subject to a number of risks including, but not limited to:
•interest rate risk - the risk of adverse changes in the value of fixed income securities as a result of increases in market interest rates.
•investment credit risk - the risk that the value of certain investments may decrease due to the deterioration in financial condition of, or the liquidity available to, one or more issuers of those securities or, in the case of structured securities, due to the deterioration of the loans or other assets that underlie the securities, which, in each case, also includes the risk of permanent loss.
•sector/concentration risk - the risk that the portfolio may be too heavily concentrated in the securities of one or more issuers, sectors, or industries. events or developments that have a negative impact on any particular industry, group of related industries, or geographic region may have a greater adverse effect on our investment portfolio to the extent that the portfolio is concentrated within those issuers, sectors, or industries.
•liquidity risk - the risk that we will not be able to convert investment securities into cash on favorable terms and on a timely basis, or that we will not be able to sell them at all, when desired. disruptions in the financial markets or a lack of buyers for the specific securities that we are trying to sell, could prevent us from liquidating securities or cause a reduction in prices to levels that are not acceptable to us.
•reinvestment risk - the possibility that the cash flows produced by an investment will have to be reinvested at a reduced rate of return. approximately 42% of our fixed maturity portfolio is expected to mature over the next three years.
our equity securities have exposure to price risk. equity markets, sectors, industries, and individual securities may also be subject to some of the same risks that affect our fixed income portfolio, as discussed above.
all of our fixed income and equity securities are subject to market volatility. to the extent that future market volatility negatively impacts our investments, our financial condition will be negatively impacted. we review the fixed income portfolio on a continuous basis to evaluate positions that are in an unrealized loss position to determine whether impairments are a result of credit loss or other factors. inherent in management's evaluation of a security are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. the primary factors considered in our review of investment valuation include the extent to which fair value is less than cost, historical operating performance and financial condition of the issuer, short- and long-term prospects of the issuer and its industry, specific events that occurred affecting the issuer, including rating downgrades, and, depending on the type of security, our intent to sell or our ability and intent to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for a recovery in value. as the process for determining impairments is highly subjective, changes in our assessments may have a material effect on our operating results and financial condition. see also part ii, item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk".
in july 2017, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority ("fca"), which regulates the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), announced that it intends to phase out libor by the end of 2021. after this date, the fca would no longer require banks to make libor submissions. following discussions with the fca and other official sector bodies, the intercontinental exchange benchmark administration announced in march 2021 the publication of certain usd libor settings will continue through june 30, 2023. the alternative reference rates committee of the federal reserve board (arrc), a group of market participants convened to help ensure a successful transition away from libor, has recommended the secured overnight financing rate (sofr) as its preferred alternative reference rate and has proposed a transition plan and timeline designed to encourage the adoption of sofr from libor. volume in sofr-linked products has increased significantly during 2021; however, libor continues to be the dominant reference rate in use in the market today.
we have identified our population of contracts that contain a libor reference and have determined that our primary exposure is in fixed income securities within our investment portfolio. approximately 23% of our investment portfolio includes securities with libor exposure where the stated final maturity date extends beyond june 30, 2023. many of our libor indexed securities have fallback provisions that provide for an alternative reference rate when libor ceases to exist. for securities without adequate fallback provisions already in place, legislation governing securities under new york law has been enacted to provide a safe harbor for transition to the recommended alternative reference rate. in addition, federal legislation has been introduced to provide the same protection for securities not governed by new york law.
while our preliminary analysis does not indicate that the transition of our investments to alternative reference rates will result in adverse changes to the net investment income, fair market value and return on those investments, we are still in the process of evaluation. we continually monitor the risks associated with the libor transition which include identifying and monitoring our exposure to libor, monitoring the market adoption of alternative reference rates and ensuring operational processes are updated to accommodate alternative rates. due to uncertainty surrounding alternative rates, we are unable to predict the overall impact of this change at this time.
deteriorating capital and credit market conditions or a failure to accurately estimate capital needs may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs and access capital.
sufficient liquidity and capital levels are required to pay operating expenses, income taxes, and to provide the necessary resources to fund future growth opportunities, satisfy certain financial covenants, pay dividends on common stock, and repurchase common stock. management estimates the appropriate level of capital necessary based upon current and projected results, which includes evaluating potential risks. failure to accurately estimate our capital needs may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition until additional sources of capital can be obtained. further, a deteriorating financial condition may create a negative perception of us by third parties, including investors, and financial institutions, which could impact our ability to access additional capital in the debt or equity markets.
our primary sources of liquidity are management fee revenue and cash flows generated from our investment portfolio. in the event our current sources do not satisfy our liquidity needs, we have the ability to access our $100 million bank revolving line of credit, from which there were no borrowings as of december 31, 2021, or liquidate assets in our investment portfolio. volatility in the financial markets could limit our ability to sell certain fixed income securities or cause such investments to sell at deep discounts.
in the event these traditional sources of liquidity are not available, we may have to seek additional financing. our access to funds will depend upon a number of factors including current market conditions, the availability of credit, market liquidity, and the timing of obtaining credit ratings. in deteriorating market conditions, there can be no assurance that we will obtain additional financing, or, if available, that the cost of financing will not substantially increase and affect our overall profitability.
item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of financial condition and results of operations highlights significant factors influencing erie indemnity company ("indemnity", "we", "us", "our"). this discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related notes and all other items contained within this annual report on form 10-k as these contain important information helpful in evaluating our financial condition and results of operations.
index page number cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information recent accounting standards operating overview critical accounting estimates                                                  21
results of operations                                                          24
financial condition                                                            30
investments shareholders' equity liquidity and capital resources transactions/agreements with related parties                                   35
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information
"safe harbor" statement under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995:
statements contained herein that are not historical fact are forward-looking statements and, as such, are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ, perhaps materially, from those discussed herein.  forward-looking statements relate to future trends, events or results and include, without limitation, statements and assumptions on which such statements are based that are related to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and adequacy of resources.  examples of forward-looking statements are discussions relating to premium and investment income, expenses, operating results, and compliance with contractual and regulatory requirements.  forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements.  among the risks and uncertainties, in addition to those set forth in our filings with the securities and exchange commission, that could cause actual results and future events to differ from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements include the following:
•dependence upon our relationship with the erie insurance exchange ("exchange") and the management fee under the agreement with the subscribers at the exchange;
•dependence upon our relationship with the exchange and the growth of the exchange, including:
◦general business and economic conditions;
◦factors affecting insurance industry competition;
◦dependence upon the independent agency system; and
◦ability to maintain our reputation for customer service;
•dependence upon our relationship with the exchange and the financial condition of the exchange, including:
◦the exchange's ability to maintain acceptable financial strength ratings;
◦factors affecting the quality and liquidity of the exchange's investment portfolio;
◦changes in government regulation of the insurance industry;
◦litigation and regulatory actions;
◦emergence of significant unexpected events, including pandemics;
◦emerging claims and coverage issues in the industry; and
◦severe weather conditions or other catastrophic losses, including terrorism;
•costs of providing policy issuance and renewal services to the exchange under the subscriber's agreement;
•ability to attract and retain talented management and employees;
•ability to ensure system availability and effectively manage technology initiatives;
•difficulties with technology or data security breaches, including cyber attacks;
•ability to maintain uninterrupted business operations;
•outcome of pending and potential litigation;
•factors affecting the quality and liquidity of our investment portfolio; and
•our ability to meet liquidity needs and access capital.
a forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and reflects our analysis only as of that date.  we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise.
recent accounting standards see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data - note 2, significant accounting policies, of notes to financial statements" contained within this report for a discussion of recently adopted accounting standards and the impact on our financial statements.
operating overview overview we are a pennsylvania business corporation that since 1925 has been the managing attorney-in-fact for the subscribers (policyholders) at the exchange, a reciprocal insurer that writes property and casualty insurance. our primary function as attorney-in-fact is to perform policy issuance and renewal services on behalf of the subscribers at the exchange. we also act as attorney-in-fact on behalf of the exchange, as well as the service provider for its insurance subsidiaries, with respect to all administrative services.
the exchange is a reciprocal insurance exchange, which is an unincorporated association of individuals, partnerships and corporations that agree to insure one another. each applicant for insurance to the exchange signs a subscriber's agreement, which contains an appointment of indemnity as their attorney-in-fact to transact the business of the exchange on their behalf.
pursuant to the subscriber's agreement for acting as attorney-in-fact in these two capacities, we earn a management fee. management fee revenue is based upon all direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange and the management fee rate, which is not to exceed 25%. our board of directors establishes the management fee rate at least annually, generally in december for the following year.  the process of setting the management fee rate includes the evaluation of current year operating results compared to both prior year and industry estimated results for both indemnity and the exchange, and consideration of several factors for both entities including: their relative financial strength and capital position; projected revenue, expense and earnings for the subsequent year; future capital needs; as well as competitive position. the management fee rate was set at 25% for 2021, 2020 and 2019.  our board of directors set the 2022 management fee rate again at 25%, its maximum level.
our earnings are primarily driven by the management fee revenue generated for the services we provide to the exchange.  the policy issuance and renewal services we provide to the exchange are related to the sales, underwriting and issuance of policies. the sales related services we provide include agent compensation and certain sales and advertising support services. agent compensation includes scheduled commissions to agents based upon premiums written as well as additional commissions and bonuses to agents, which are earned by achieving targeted measures. agent compensation comprised approximately 66% of our 2021 policy issuance and renewal expenses. the underwriting services we provide include underwriting and policy processing and comprised approximately 10% of our 2021 policy issuance and renewal expenses. the remaining services we provide include customer service and administrative support. we also provide information technology services that support all the functions listed above that comprised approximately 11% of our 2021 policy issuance and renewal expenses. included in these expenses are allocations of costs for departments that support these policy issuance and renewal functions.
by virtue of its legal structure as a reciprocal insurer, the exchange does not have any employees or officers. therefore, it enters into contractual relationships by and through an attorney-in-fact. indemnity serves as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the exchange with respect to its administrative services. the exchange's insurance subsidiaries also utilize indemnity for these services in accordance with the service agreements between each of the subsidiaries and indemnity. claims handling services include costs incurred in the claims process, including the adjustment, investigation, defense, recording and payment functions. life insurance management services include costs incurred in the management and processing of life insurance business. investment management services are related to investment trading activity, accounting and all other functions attributable to the investment of funds. included in these expenses are allocations of costs for departments that support these administrative functions. the amounts incurred for these services are reimbursed to indemnity at cost in accordance with the subscriber's agreement and the service agreements. state insurance regulations require that intercompany service agreements and any material amendments be approved in advance by the state insurance department.
our results of operations are tied to the growth and financial condition of the exchange as the exchange is our sole customer, and our earnings are largely generated from management fees based on the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange. the exchange generates revenue by insuring preferred and standard risks, with personal lines comprising 70% of the 2021 direct and affiliated assumed written premiums and commercial lines comprising the remaining 30%.  the principal personal lines products are private passenger automobile and homeowners.  the principal commercial lines products are commercial multi-peril, commercial automobile and workers compensation.
we generate investment income from our fixed maturity and equity security portfolios. our portfolio is managed with the objective of maximizing after-tax returns on a risk-adjusted basis. we actively evaluate the portfolios for securities in an unrealized loss position and record impairment write-downs on investments in instances where we have the intent to sell or it's more likely than not that we would be required to sell the security. impairments resulting from a credit loss are recognized in earnings with a corresponding allowance on the balance sheet.
coronavirus ("covid-19") pandemic in march 2020, the outbreak of the coronavirus ("covid-19") was declared a global pandemic and pandemic conditions have influenced various economic factors, including a more inflationary environment in recent months. as the uncertainty resulting from the covid-19 pandemic and subsequent resulting conditions continues to evolve, the ultimate impact and duration remain uncertain at this time. the following sections provide a summary of the more relevant financial impacts, risk monitoring activities, and operational considerations for indemnity and the exchange.
the impact the covid-19 pandemic has on the premiums written by the exchange, our sole customer, affects our management fee revenue. the uncertainty of the ongoing impacts of the covid-19 pandemic will likely continue until such time as the spread of the virus is contained or reaches endemic status. in response to reduced driving conditions in 2020 resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, the exchange implemented $200 million in personal and commercial auto rate reductions on policies written between july 1, 2020 and june 30, 2021. these rate reductions resulted in a decrease to exchange's written premium of approximately $110 million and $90 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively, and a corresponding decrease in our management fee revenue of approximately $27.5 million and $22.5 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. as driving activity returned to near pre-pandemic levels in 2021, increased claim frequency and severity negatively impacted exchange's operations and may continue to impact future premium rates. there may also be other market and/or regulatory pressures that could impact the exchange's operations. while financial markets remained generally strong in 2021, we could experience future losses and/or impairments to the portfolio due to the ongoing pandemic and inflationary pressures. we have provided additional disclosure of these impacted areas throughout our management's discussion and analysis that follows. a broader discussion of the potential future impacts has also been disclosed in financial condition and liquidity and capital resources contained within this report, as well as part i. item 1a. "risk factors" contained within this report.
from march of 2020 through the end of 2021 we had a dedicated internal committee comprised of management from various finance disciplines reviewing our risk positions and emerging trends on an ongoing basis as circumstances were evolving. the committee reviewed risk scenarios and performed stress tests, including the review of cash flow trends, liquidity requirements and other forms of risk quantification. this provided tools for management, as well as our risk committee of the board of directors, to assess risks and prioritize key issues.
while we were not required to close our physical locations under the state mandated closure of nonessential services, out of concern for the health and safety of our employees, over 90% of our workforce has been working remote since march 2020. we have had no significant interruption to our core business processes or systems to date. we have had no significant changes to our financial close or reporting processes or related internal controls, nor do we anticipate any significant future challenges at this time. we have a dedicated team responsible for the development and implementation of a return to office plan. we began returning some employees to our offices in july 2021, but paused as a result of the national increase in infections. we plan to resume returning employees to our offices in phases when we consider it appropriate.
financial overview years ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands, except per share data)         2021                                              % change                      2020                             % change                      2019
operating income                                                  $318,097                 (5.9)               %               $338,157                   (5.4)       %                       $357,339
total investment income                                             67,332                        nm                             32,867                  (17.8)                                 39,967
interest expense, net                                                4,132                        nm                                731                  (14.7)                                    856
other (expense) income                                             (4,893)                        nm                            (1,778)                          nm                                255
income before income taxes                                         376,404                   2.1                                368,515                   (7.1)                                396,705
income tax expense                                                  78,544                   4.4                                 75,211                   (5.8)                                 79,884
net income                                                        $297,860                   1.6               %               $293,304                   (7.4)       %                       $316,821
net income per share - diluted                                       $5.69                   1.6               %                  $5.61                   (7.4)       %                          $6.06
nm = not meaningful operating income decreased in 2021 compared to 2020 as growth in operating expenses outpaced the growth in operating revenues. management fee revenue is based upon the management fee rate we charge and the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange.  the management fee rate was 25% for 2021, 2020, and 2019.  the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange increased 3.3% to $7.9 billion in 2021 and 1.7% to $7.6 billion in 2020.
cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services increased 5.6% to $1.7 billion in 2021 primarily due to higher commissions driven by direct and affiliated assumed written premium growth, increased technology costs, increased administrative and other costs, and higher agent incentive compensation from profitable growth. cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services increased 3.3% to $1.6 billion in 2020 primarily due to higher commissions driven by direct and affiliated assumed written premium growth, higher agent incentive compensation driven by lower automobile claims frequency experienced by the exchange, and higher personnel costs.
management fee revenue for administrative services decreased 2.0% to $58.3 million in 2021 compared to an increase of 4.0% to $59.5 million in 2020. the administrative services reimbursement revenue and corresponding cost of operations increased both total operating revenue and total operating expenses to $638.5 million in 2021 and $609.4 million in 2020, but had no net impact on operating income.
total investment income increased $34.5 million in 2021 primarily due to an increase in net investment income which was driven by favorable results in our limited partnership portfolio. total investment income decreased $7.1 million in 2020 primarily driven by higher impairments and lower net investment income reflecting lower interest rates due to market volatility caused by the covid-19 pandemic.
general conditions and trends affecting our business economic conditions unfavorable changes in economic conditions, including declining consumer confidence, inflation, high unemployment, and the threat of recession, among others, may lead the exchange's customers to modify coverage, not renew policies, or even cancel policies, which could adversely affect the premium revenue of the exchange, and consequently our management fee.  the extent to which economic conditions could impact the exchange's operations and our management fee was exacerbated with the covid-19 pandemic. further, pandemic conditions have created an inflationary environment in recent months. in particular, unanticipated increased inflation costs including medical cost inflation, building material cost inflation, auto repair cost inflation, and tort issues may impact estimated loss reserves and future premium rates. the extent and duration of the impacts to economic conditions remain uncertain as the pandemic and subsequent resulting conditions continue to evolve. if any of these items impacted the financial condition or operations of the exchange, it could have an impact on our financial results. see financial condition, liquidity and capital resources, and part i, item 1a. "risk factors" contained within this report for a discussion of potential impacts to our operations or those of the exchange, including pandemics.
financial market volatility our portfolio of fixed maturity and equity security investments is subject to market volatility especially in periods of instability in the worldwide financial markets. over time, net investment income could also be impacted by volatility and by the general level of interest rates, which impact reinvested cash flow from the portfolio and business operations. depending upon market conditions, which are unpredictable and remain uncertain, considerable fluctuation could exist in the fair value of our investment portfolio and reported total investment income, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. significant volatility was seen in the global financial markets at the onset of the covid-19 pandemic and pandemic related events or subsequent resulting conditions, including inflation, may create future volatility. the extent of the impact on our invested assets cannot be estimated with a high degree of certainty at this time given the ongoing developments of this pandemic and the related impacts on the financial markets.
critical accounting estimates the financial statements include amounts based upon estimates and assumptions that have a significant effect on reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period and related disclosures. we consider an accounting estimate to be critical if 1) it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made, and 2) different estimates that could have been used, or changes in the estimate that are likely to occur from period-to-period, could have a material impact on our statements of operations or financial position.
the following presents a discussion of those accounting policies surrounding estimates that we believe are the most critical to our reported amounts and require the most subjective and complex judgment. if actual events differ significantly from the underlying assumptions, there could be material adjustments to prior estimates that could potentially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. the estimates and the estimating methods used are reviewed continually, and any adjustments considered necessary are reflected in current earnings.
investment valuation fair value measurements we make estimates concerning the fair value of our investments using valuation techniques to derive the fair value of the fixed maturity investments we hold. fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between willing market participants at the measurement date.
fair value measurements are based upon observable and unobservable inputs. observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our view of market assumptions in the absence of observable market information. we utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. our investments are categorized into a three-level fair value hierarchy which assigns a level 1 for highly observable inputs and a level 3 to unobservable inputs. we continually assess whether or not an active market exists for all of our investments and as of each reporting date we re-evaluate their classification in the fair value hierarchy.
as of each reporting period, financial instruments recorded at fair value are classified based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. the presence of at least one unobservable input that has significant impact to the fair value measurement would result in classification as a level 3 instrument. our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset, such as the relative impact on the fair value as a result of including a particular input and market conditions. while estimates of the fair values of our investment portfolio are obtained from outside pricing services, we ultimately determine whether the inputs used are observable or unobservable.
as of december 31,2021, substantially all of the securities measured at fair value in our investment portfolio are classified as level 2. level 2 securities are valued using industry-standard models that consider various inputs, such as the interest rate and credit spread for the underlying financial instruments. all significant inputs are observable, or derived from observable information in the marketplace, or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. at december 31, 2021, our investments classified as level 3 were not significant.
see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data - note 5, fair value, of notes to financial statements" contained within this report for additional details on the fair value measurement of our investments.
impairments we regularly monitor our fixed maturity and equity security portfolios for price changes and perform detailed reviews of securities in an unrealized loss position that may indicate that credit-related or other impairments exist.
as of december 31, 2021, we do not have significant unrealized losses and our credit-related or other impairments were not material to our financial condition or results of operations.
see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data - note 2, significant accounting policies, of notes to financial statements" contained within this report for additional details on impairments of available-for-sale securities.
retirement benefit plans for employees our pension plans consist of a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees and an unfunded supplemental employee retirement plan ("serp") for certain members of executive and senior management. although we are the sponsor of these postretirement plans and record the funded status of these plans, the exchange and its subsidiaries reimburse us for approximately 58% of the annual benefit expense of these plans, which includes pension benefits for employees performing administrative services and the exchange's allocated share of costs for employees in departments that support the administrative functions.
our pension obligation is developed from actuarial estimates.  several statistical and other factors, which attempt to anticipate future events, are used in calculating the expense and liability related to the plans.  key factors include assumptions about the discount rates and expected rates of return on plan assets.  we review these assumptions annually and modify them considering historical experience, current market conditions, including changes in investment returns and interest rates, and expected future trends.
accumulated and projected benefit obligations are expressed as the present value of future cash payments.  we discount those cash payments based upon a yield curve developed from corporate bond yield information with maturities that correspond to the payment of benefits.  lower discount rates increase present values and subsequent year pension expense, while higher discount rates decrease present values and subsequent year pension expense.  the construction of the yield curve is based upon yields of corporate bonds rated aa or equivalent quality.  target yields are developed from bonds at various maturity points and a curve is fitted to those targets.  spot rates (zero coupon bond yields) are developed from the yield curve and used to discount benefit payment amounts associated with each future year.  the present value of plan benefits is calculated by applying the spot/discount rates to projected benefit cash flows.  a single discount rate is then developed to produce the same present value. the cash flows from the yield curve were matched against our projected benefit payments in the pension plan, which have a duration of about 19 years.  this yield curve supported the selection of a 3.16% discount rate for the projected benefit obligation at december 31, 2021 and for the 2022 pension expense.  the same methodology was used to develop the 2.96% and 3.59% discount rates used to determine the projected benefit obligation for 2020 and 2019, respectively, and the pension expense for 2021 and 2020, respectively. a 25 basis point decrease in the discount rate assumption, with other assumptions held constant, would increase pension cost in the following year by $6.4 million, of which our share would be approximately $2.7 million, and would increase the pension benefit obligation by $59.2 million.
unrecognized actuarial gains and losses arise from several factors, including experience and assumption changes in the obligations and from the difference between expected returns and actual returns on plan assets.  these unrecognized gains and losses are recorded in the pension plan obligation and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). these amounts are systematically recognized to net periodic pension expense in future periods, with gains decreasing and losses increasing future pension expense. if actuarial net gains or losses exceed 5% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation and the market-related value of plan assets, the excess is recognized through the net periodic pension expense equally over the estimated service period of the employee group, which is currently 14 years.
the expected long-term rate of return for the pension plan represents the average rate of return to be earned on plan assets over the period the benefits included in the benefit obligation are to be paid.  to determine the expected long-term rate of return assumption, we utilized models based upon rigorous historical analysis and forward-looking views of the financial markets based upon key factors such as historical returns for the asset class' applicable indices, the correlations of the asset classes under various market conditions and consensus views on future real economic growth and inflation.  the expected future return for each asset class is then combined by considering correlations between asset classes and the volatilities of each asset class to produce a reasonable range of asset return results within which our expected long-term rate of return assumption falls.  the expected long-term rate of return is less susceptible to annual revisions, as there are typically no significant changes in the asset mix.  based on the current asset allocation and a review of the key factors and expectations of future asset performance, the expected return on asset assumption remained at 5.50% for 2022. a change of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of return assumption, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated $2.4 million impact on net pension benefit cost in the following year, of which our share would be approximately $1.0 million.
we use a four-year averaging method to determine the market-related value of plan assets, which is used to determine the expected return component of pension expense.  under this methodology, asset gains or losses that result from returns that differ from our long-term rate of return assumption are recognized in the market-related value of assets on a level basis over a four-year period.  the market-related asset experience during 2021 that related to the actual investment return being different from that assumed during the prior year was a gain of $36.7 million. recognition of this gain will be deferred and recognized over a four-year period, consistent with the market-related asset value methodology. once factored into the market-related asset value, these experience gains and losses will be amortized over a period of 14 years, which is the remaining service period of the employee group.
we expect our net pension benefit costs to decrease from $57.1 million in 2021 to $45.9 million in 2022 primarily resulting from anticipated plan progression and liability gains due to the higher discount rate. our share of the net pension benefit costs after reimbursements was $24.0 million in 2021. we expect our share of the net pension benefit costs to be approximately $19.3 million in 2022.
the actuarial assumptions we used in determining our pension obligation may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, higher or lower withdrawal rates, or longer or shorter life spans of participants.  while we believe that the assumptions used are appropriate, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may materially affect our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data - note 9, postretirement benefits, of notes to financial statements" contained within this report for additional details on the pension plans.
results of operations management fee revenue we have two performance obligations in the subscriber's agreement, providing policy issuance and renewal services and acting as attorney-in-fact for the exchange, as well as the service provider for its insurance subsidiaries, with respect to all administrative services. we earn management fees for acting as the attorney-in-fact for the subscribers at the exchange in these two capacities. our revenues are allocated between the two performance obligations.
management fee rate the management fee is calculated by multiplying all direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange by the management fee rate, which is determined by our board of directors at least annually.  the management fee rate was set at 25%, the maximum rate, for 2021, 2020 and 2019.  changes in the management fee rate can affect our revenue and net income significantly. the transaction price, including management fee revenue and administrative revenue, includes variable consideration and is allocated based on the estimated standalone selling prices developed using industry information and other available information for similar services. we update the transaction price and the related allocation at least annually based upon the most recent information available or more frequently if there have been significant changes in any components considered in the transaction price. our current transaction price allocation review resulted in a minor change in the allocation between the two performance obligations in 2021 compared to prior years, which did not have a material impact on our financial statements.
the following table presents the allocation and disaggregation of revenue for our two performance obligations:
years ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                                                                 2021                           % change                         2020                             % change                         2019
policy issuance and renewal services direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange                               $7,868,311                    3.3               %               $7,613,519                      1.7               %               $7,486,030
management fee rate                                                                                24.3   %                                                        24.2   %                                                          24.2   %
management fee revenue                                                                        1,912,000                    3.8                                1,842,472                      1.7                                1,811,619
change in estimate for management fee returned on cancelled policies (1)                          1,166                         nm                                (678)                     41.7                                  (1,162)
management fee revenue - policy issuance and renewal services                                $1,913,166                    3.9               %               $1,841,794                      1.7               %               $1,810,457
administrative services direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange                               $7,868,311                    3.3               %               $7,613,519                      1.7               %               $7,486,030
management fee rate                                                                                 0.7   %                                                         0.8   %                                                           0.8   %
management fee revenue                                                                           55,078                  (9.6)                                   60,908                      1.7                                   59,888
change in contract liability (2)                                                                  3,195                         nm                              (1,376)                     47.8                                  (2,633)
change in estimate for management fee returned on cancelled policies (1)                             13                         nm                                 (69)                   (34.6)                                     (51)
management fee revenue - administrative services                                                 58,286                  (2.0)                                   59,463                      4.0                                   57,204
administrative services reimbursement revenue                                                   638,483                    4.8                                  609,435                      4.7                                  582,010
total revenue from administrative services                                                     $696,769                    4.2               %                 $668,898                      4.6               %                 $639,214
nm = not meaningful
(1)    a constraining estimate of variable consideration exists related to the potential for management fees to be returned if a policy were to be cancelled mid-term. management fees are returned to the exchange when policies are cancelled mid-term and unearned premiums are refunded.
(2)    management fee revenue - administrative services is recognized over time as the services are performed. see item 8. "financial statements - note 3, revenue, of notes to financial statements" contained within this report.
direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange direct and affiliated assumed premiums include premiums written directly by the exchange and premiums assumed from its wholly owned property and casualty subsidiaries. direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange increased 3.3% to $7.9 billion in 2021, from $7.6 billion in 2020, primarily driven by increased homeowners and commercial multi-peril premiums written.  year-over-year policies in force for all lines of business increased 3.2% in 2021 as the result of continuing strong policyholder retention and an increase in new policies written, compared to 2.1% in 2020.  the year-over-year average premium per policy for all lines of business increased 0.1% at december 31, 2021, compared to a decrease of 0.4% at december 31, 2020. the year-over-year average premium per policy at both december 31, 2021 and 2020 was impacted by the rate reductions for personal and commercial auto policies written between july 1, 2020 and june 30, 2021, in response to the lower driving activity and to provide financial relief as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
premiums generated from new business increased 13.2% to $965 million in 2021. new business policies written increased 9.0% in 2021 and year-over-year average premium per policy on new business increased 3.9% at december 31, 2021. premiums generated from new business decreased 1.2% to $852 million in 2020. while new business policies written increased 5.0% in 2020, year-over-year average premium per policy on new business decreased 5.9% at december 31, 2020.
premiums generated from renewal business increased 2.1% to $6.9 billion in 2021, compared to 2.1%, or $6.8 billion, in 2020.  underlying the trend in renewal business premiums was steady policy retention ratios, partially offset by a 0.3% decrease in year-over-year average premium per policy at december 31, 2021, compared to an increase of 0.4% at december 31, 2020.
the exchange implements rate changes in order to meet loss cost expectations. as the exchange writes policies with annual terms only, rate actions take 12 months to be fully recognized in written premium and 24 months to be recognized in earned premiums. since rate changes are realized at renewal, it takes 12 months to implement a rate change to all policyholders and another 12 months to earn the increased or decreased premiums in full. as a result, certain rate changes approved in 2020, including those in response to reduced driving conditions resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, were reflected in 2021, and a portion of the rate actions in 2021 will be reflected in 2022. the exchange continuously evaluates pricing and product offerings to meet consumer demands.
personal lines - total personal lines premiums written increased 2.5% to $5.5 billion in 2021, from $5.4 billion in 2020, driven by an increase in total personal lines policies in force of 3.1%. total personal lines year-over-year average premium per policy decreased 0.6% at december 31, 2021, compared to the prior year, driven by personal auto rate reductions. total personal lines policies in force increased 2.2% in 2020 and year-over-year average premium per policy decreased 0.8% at december 31, 2020.
commercial lines - total commercial lines premiums written increased 5.4% to $2.4 billion in 2021, compared to 2020, driven by a 3.6% increase in total commercial lines policies in force and a 1.7% increase in the total commercial lines year-over-year average premium per policy. total commercial lines premiums written increased 2.6% in 2020, compared to 2019, driven by a 1.6% increase in total commercial lines policies in force and a 0.9% increase in the total commercial lines year-over-year average premium per policy.
future trends-premium revenue - through a careful agency selection process, the exchange plans to continue its effort to expand the size of its agency force to increase market penetration in existing operating territories to contribute to future growth.
changes in premium levels attributable to the growth in policies in force directly affect the profitability of the exchange and have a direct bearing on our management fee. our continued focus on underwriting discipline and the maturing of pricing sophistication models have contributed to the exchange's steady policy retention ratios. the continued growth of its policy base is dependent upon the exchange's ability to retain existing and attract new subscribers/policyholders. a lack of new policy growth or the inability to retain existing customers could have an adverse effect on the exchange's premium level growth, and consequently our management fee.
changes in premium levels attributable to rate changes also directly affect the profitability of the exchange and have a direct bearing on our management fee. pricing actions contemplated or taken by the exchange are subject to various regulatory requirements of the states in which it operates. the pricing actions already implemented, or to be implemented, have an effect on the market competitiveness of the exchange's insurance products. such pricing actions, and those of the exchange's competitors, could affect the ability of the exchange's agents to retain and attract new business; additionally, exposure reductions and/or changes in mix of business as a result of economic conditions due to the covid-19 pandemic or other significant unexpected events could impact the average premium written and affiliated assumed by the exchange, as customers may reduce coverages. future premiums could also be impacted by potential regulatory changes resulting from the covid-19 pandemic. longer-term, increased driving activity may result in increased future rates due to higher claims and severity. we expect the exchange's pricing actions to result in a net increase in direct written premium in 2022; however, the extent of the impact to the exchange's premiums and our management fee cannot be estimated with a high degree of certainty at this time given the ongoing developments related to this pandemic and current inflationary trends. see also part i, item 1a. "risk factors" contained within this report.
policy issuance and renewal services years ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                               2021                                                % change   2020                                                % change   2019
management fee revenue - policy issuance and renewal services                    $1,913,166                   3.9               %               $1,841,794                   1.7               %               $1,810,457
service agreement revenue                                                            24,042                 (6.8)                                   25,797                 (6.6)                                   27,627
1,937,208                   3.7                                1,867,591                   1.6                                1,838,084
cost of policy issuance and renewal services                                      1,677,397                   5.6                                1,588,897                   3.3                                1,537,949
operating income - policy issuance and renewal services                            $259,811                 (6.8)               %                 $278,694                 (7.1)               %                 $300,135
policy issuance and renewal services we allocate a portion of the management fee, which currently equates to 24.3% of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange, for providing policy issuance and renewal services. the allocation of management fee for these services was 24.2% in both 2020 and 2019. this portion of the management fee is recognized as revenue when the policy is issued or renewed because it is at that time that the services we provide are substantially complete and the executed insurance policy is transferred to the customer. the increase in management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services was driven by the increase in the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange discussed previously.
service agreement revenue service agreement revenue primarily consists of service charges we collect from subscribers/policyholders for providing multiple payment plans on policies written by the exchange and its property and casualty subsidiaries and also includes late payment and policy reinstatement fees.  the service charges are fixed dollar amounts per billed installment.  the decrease in service agreement revenue reflects the continued shift to payment plans that do not incur service charges or offer a premium discount for certain payment methods.
cost of policy issuance and renewal services years ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                   2021                                                % change   2020                                              % change   2019
commissions:
total commissions                                                    $1,108,426                   5.4               %               $1,051,272                 2.6               %               $1,024,654
non-commission expense:
underwriting and policy processing                                     $165,183                   2.8               %                 $160,646                 3.7               %                 $154,934
information technology                                                  185,096                   6.5                                  173,827                 3.7                                  167,600
sales and advertising                                                    52,511                 (1.3)                                   53,212                 1.6                                   52,362
customer service                                                         36,720                   6.0                                   34,638                 7.1                                   32,353
administrative and other                                                129,461                  12.3                                  115,302                 8.7                                  106,046
total non-commission expense                                            568,971                   5.8                                  537,625                 4.7                                  513,295
total cost of policy issuance and renewal services                   $1,677,397                   5.6               %               $1,588,897                 3.3               %               $1,537,949
commissions - commissions increased $57.2 million in 2021 compared to 2020 resulting from higher direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange, primarily in lines of business that pay a higher commission rate. to a lesser extent, there was also an increase in agent incentive compensation in 2021 compared to 2020 related to profitable growth. commissions increased $26.6 million in 2020 compared to 2019 resulting from higher direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange and higher agent incentive compensation. the exchange experienced a significant decrease in automobile claims frequency and related loss expense beginning march 2020 that continued through may 2020 driven by the covid-19 pandemic, which contributed to an increase in the profitability component of the agent incentive bonuses.
non-commission expense - non-commission expense increased $31.3 million in 2021 compared to 2020. underwriting and policy processing costs increased $4.5 million primarily due to increased personnel costs and underwriting report costs. information technology costs increased $11.3 million primarily due to increased hardware and software costs and personnel costs. administrative and other expenses increased $14.2 million primarily due to increased professional fees and building and equipment depreciation. personnel costs in all categories were impacted by higher medical costs compared to the prior year as the covid-19 pandemic reduced elective procedures in 2020.
in 2020, non-commission expense increased $24.3 million compared to 2019. underwriting and policy processing costs increased $5.7 million primarily due to increased personnel costs and underwriting report costs. information technology costs increased $6.2 million primarily due to increased personnel costs and hardware and software costs. administrative and other expenses increased $9.3 million primarily driven by increased personnel costs. increased personnel costs in all categories included higher incentive plan award accruals related to underwriting performance in 2020 compared to targets and higher vacation accruals as employees took less vacation in 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
administrative services years ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                   2021                                            % change   2020                                          % change   2019
management fee revenue - administrative services                    $58,286                 (2.0)       %                      $59,463                 4.0               %              $57,204
administrative services reimbursement revenue                       638,483                   4.8                              609,435                 4.7                              582,010
total revenue allocated to administrative services                  696,769                   4.2                              668,898                 4.6                              639,214
administrative services expenses claims handling services                                            546,962                   4.2                              525,072                 3.7                              506,491
investment management services                                       38,862                   5.5                               36,835                 9.5                               33,640
life management services                                             52,659                  10.8                               47,528                13.5                               41,879
operating income - administrative services                          $58,286                 (2.0)       %                      $59,463                 4.0               %              $57,204
administrative services we allocate a portion of the management fee, which currently equates to 0.7% of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange, to the administrative services. the allocation of management fee for these services was 0.8% in both 2020 and 2019. this portion of the management fee is recognized as revenue over a four-year period representing the time over which the services are provided. we also report reimbursed costs as revenues, which are recognized monthly as services are provided. the administrative services expenses we incur and the related reimbursements we receive are recorded gross in the statements of operations.
cost of administrative services by virtue of its legal structure as a reciprocal insurer, the exchange does not have any employees or officers. therefore, it enters into contractual relationships by and through an attorney-in-fact. indemnity serves as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the exchange with respect to its administrative services in accordance with the subscriber's agreement. the exchange's insurance subsidiaries also utilize indemnity for these services in accordance with the service agreements between each of the subsidiaries and indemnity. the amounts incurred for these services are reimbursed to indemnity at cost in accordance with the subscriber's agreement and the service agreements.  we record these reimbursements due from the exchange and its insurance subsidiaries as a receivable.
total investment income a summary of the results of our investment operations is as follows for the years ended december 31:
(dollars in thousands)                                                             2021   % change                    2020                                              % change   2019
net investment income                                                        $62,177      nm                                     $29,753                  (12.6)               %              $34,059
net realized and unrealized investment gains                                   4,946      (22.6)                                   6,392                     4.7                                6,103
net impairment recoveries (losses) recognized in earnings                        209      nm                                     (3,278)                          nm                            (195)
total investment income                                                      $67,332      nm                                     $32,867                  (17.8)               %              $39,967
nm = not meaningful net investment income net investment income includes interest and dividends on our fixed maturity and equity security portfolios and the results of our limited partnership investments, net of investment expenses. net investment income increased by $32.4 million in 2021, compared to 2020, primarily due to equity in earnings of limited partnerships of $31.7 million in 2021 compared to equity in losses of limited partnerships of $0.6 million in 2020. net investment income decreased by $4.3 million in 2020, compared to 2019, primarily due to decreased income from cash and cash equivalents driven by lower rates and invested balances, somewhat offset by increased preferred stock income resulting from higher invested balances.
net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses)
a breakdown of our net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) is as follows for the years ended december 31:
(in thousands)                                                      2021                    2020                    2019
securities sold:
available-for-sale securities                                  $5,131                  $1,335                  $4,619
equity securities                                                (76)                   (469)                     360
equity securities change in fair value                          (110)                   5,525                   1,124
miscellaneous                                                       1                       1                       0
net realized and unrealized investment gains                   $4,946                  $6,392                  $6,103
net realized and unrealized gains of $4.9 million in 2021 were primarily due to disposals of available-for-sale securities. net realized and unrealized gains of $6.4 million in 2020 were primarily due to market value adjustments on equity securities and from the sale of available-for-sale securities, while gains of $6.1 million in 2019 were primarily due to sales of available-for-sale securities and increases in fair value of equity securities.
net impairment recoveries (losses) recognized in earnings net impairment recoveries of $0.2 million in 2021 were primarily a result of the change in the current expected credit loss allowance related to our agent loans. net impairment losses recognized on available-for-sale securities in 2020 include $2.3 million of securities in an unrealized loss position where we had intent to sell prior to recovery of our amortized cost basis and $0.7 million of credit impairment losses. the remaining 2020 impairments include the change in the current expected credit loss allowance related to our agent loans. the covid-19 pandemic's impact on financial markets contributed to higher impairment losses on our available-for-sale securities during 2020 compared to other years presented. net impairment losses recognized in 2019 included securities in an unrealized loss position that we intended to sell prior to expected recovery of our amortized cost basis as well as securities in an unrealized loss position where we determined the loss was other-than-temporary based on credit factors.
financial condition of erie insurance exchange serving in the capacity of attorney-in-fact for the exchange, we are dependent on the growth and financial condition of the exchange, who is our sole customer. the strength of the exchange and its wholly owned subsidiaries is rated annually by a.m. best company through assessing its financial stability and ability to pay claims. the ratings are generally based upon factors relevant to policyholders and are not directed toward return to investors. the exchange and each of its property and casualty subsidiaries are rated a+ "superior", the second highest financial strength rating, which is assigned to companies that have achieved superior overall performance when compared to the standards established by a.m. best and have a superior ability to meet obligations to policyholders over the long term. on july 27, 2021, the outlook for the financial strength rating was affirmed as stable. as of december 31, 2021, only approximately 12% of insurance groups, in which the exchange is included, are rated a+ or higher.
the financial statements of the exchange are prepared in accordance with statutory accounting principles prescribed by the commonwealth of pennsylvania. financial statements prepared under statutory accounting principles focus on the solvency of the insurer and generally provide a more conservative approach than under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. statutory direct written premiums of the exchange and its wholly owned property and casualty subsidiaries grew 3.3% to $7.9 billion in 2021 from $7.6 billion in 2020. these premiums, along with investment income, are the major sources of cash that support the operations of the exchange. policyholders' surplus, determined under statutory accounting principles, was $11.7 billion and $10.7 billion at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the exchange and its wholly owned property and casualty subsidiaries' year-over-year policy retention ratio continues to be high at 90.1% at december 31, 2021 and 89.9% at december 31, 2020.
we have prepared our financial statements considering the financial strength of the exchange based on its a.m. best rating and strong level of surplus. we are monitoring risks related to the covid-19 pandemic on an ongoing basis and believe that the exchange falls within established risk tolerances. however, see part i, item 1a. "risk factors" for possible outcomes that could impact that determination.
financial condition investments our investment portfolio is managed with the objective of maximizing after-tax returns on a risk-adjusted basis. the following table presents the carrying value of our investments as of december 31:
(dollars in thousands)        2021                                      % to total                        2020                 % to total fixed maturities                            $946,085                      83     %                 $928,236                      84     %
equity securities                             87,743                       8                         94,090                       9
agent loans (1)                               66,368                       6                         69,212                       6
other investments                             36,846                       3                         14,325                       1
total investments                         $1,137,042                     100     %               $1,105,863                     100     %
(1)the current portion of agent loans is included with prepaid expenses and other current assets in the statements of financial position.
we continually review our investment portfolio for impairment and determine whether the impairment is a result of credit loss or other factors. we individually analyze all positions with an emphasis on those in a significant unrealized loss position. if we have the intent to sell or it's more likely than not that we would be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis, the entire impairment is recognized in earnings. factors considered in the evaluation of credit loss include the extent to which fair value is less than cost and fundamental factors specific to the issuer such as financial condition, changes in credit ratings, near and long-term business prospects and other factors, as well as the likelihood of recovery of the amortized cost of the security. impairment resulting from credit loss is recognized in earnings with a corresponding allowance on the balance sheet. we believe our investment valuation philosophy and accounting practices result in appropriate and timely measurement of fair value and recognition of impairment.
fixed maturities under our investment strategy, we maintain a fixed maturity portfolio that is of high quality and well diversified within each market sector. this investment strategy also achieves a balanced maturity schedule. our fixed maturity portfolio is managed with the goal of achieving reasonable returns while limiting exposure to risk.
fixed maturities are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred taxes, included in shareholders' equity. net unrealized gains on fixed maturities, net of deferred taxes, totaled $6.2 million at december 31, 2021, compared to net unrealized gains of $23.3 million at december 31, 2020.
the following table presents a breakdown of the fair value of our fixed maturity portfolio by industry sector and rating as of december 31, 2021: (1)
(in thousands)                                                                                                                                          non-investment              fair aaa                        aa                         a                        bbb                         grade             value basic materials                                    $0                         $0                    $3,155                        $0                     $7,937              $11,092
communications                                      0                      8,659                     8,361                    17,283                     17,038               51,341
consumer                                            0                      3,138                    17,849                    70,598                     41,639              133,224
diversified                                         0                          0                         0                         0                      1,200                1,200
energy                                              0                      4,116                     7,729                    20,336                      8,501               40,682
financial                                           0                      1,007                    74,082                   121,559                     17,243              213,891
industrial                                          0                          0                     9,861                    16,794                     26,914               53,569
structured securities (2)                     141,897                    180,935                    26,945                    18,851                          0              368,628
technology                                      5,150                          0                     7,727                    20,937                     13,908               47,722
u.s. treasury                                       0                      4,292                         0                         0                          0                4,292
utilities                                           0                          0                     3,707                    12,912                      3,825               20,444
total                                        $147,047                   $202,147                  $159,416                  $299,270                   $138,205             $946,085
(1)     ratings are supplied by s&p, moody's, and fitch. the table is based upon the lowest rating for each security.
(2)    structured securities include residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, collateralized debt obligations, and asset-backed securities.
equity securities equity securities primarily include nonredeemable preferred stocks and are carried at fair value in the statements of financial position with all changes in unrealized gains and losses reflected in the statements of operations.
the following table presents an analysis of the fair value of our equity securities by sector as of december 31:
(in thousands)                              2021   2020
communications                             $0                                    $2,699
consumer                                3,314                                     3,068
energy                                  6,448                                     2,206
financial services                     71,722                                    76,575
industrial                                  0                        800
utilities                               6,259                                     8,742
total                                 $87,743                                   $94,090
shareholders' equity postretirement benefit plans the funded status of our postretirement benefit plans is recognized in the statements of financial position, with a corresponding adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. at december 31, 2021, shareholders' equity amounts related to these postretirement plans increased by $70.0 million, net of tax, of which $13.9 million represents amortization of the prior service cost and net actuarial loss and $56.1 million represents the current period actuarial gain.  the 2021 actuarial gain was primarily due to higher than expected returns on plan assets. at december 31, 2020, shareholders' equity amounts related to these postretirement plans increased by $20.0 million, net of tax, of which $10.6 million represents amortization of the prior service cost and net actuarial loss and $9.4 million of current period actuarial gain.  the 2020 actuarial gain was driven by higher than expected returns on assets which exceeded losses incurred as a result of the lower discount rate in 2020. although we are the sponsor of these postretirement plans and record the funded status of these plans, the exchange and its subsidiaries reimburse us for approximately 58% of the annual benefit expense of these plans, which includes pension benefits for employees performing administrative services and their allocated share of costs for employees in departments that support the administrative functions.
liquidity and capital resources we continue to monitor the sufficiency of our liquidity and capital resources given the potential impact of the covid-19 pandemic and subsequent resulting conditions, including inflationary costs. while we did not see a significant impact on our sources or uses of cash in 2021, future disruptions in the markets could occur which may affect our liquidity position. if our normal operating and investing cash activities were to become insufficient to meet future funding requirements, we believe we have sufficient access to liquidity through our cash position, liquid marketable securities and our $100 million line of credit that does not expire until october 2026. see broader discussions of potential risks to our operations in the operating overview and part i, item 1a. "risk factors" contained within this report.
sources and uses of cash liquidity is a measure of a company's ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the short- and long-term cash requirements of its business operations and growth needs.  our liquidity requirements have been met primarily by funds generated from management fee revenue and income from investments.  cash provided from these sources is used primarily to fund the costs of our management operations including commissions, salaries and wages, pension plans, share repurchases, dividends to shareholders, the purchase and development of information technology, and other capital expenditures.  we expect that our operating cash needs will be met by funds generated from operations. cash in excess of our operating needs is primarily invested in investment grade fixed maturities. as part of our liquidity review, we regularly evaluate our capital needs based on current and projected results and consider the potential impacts to our liquidity, borrowing capacity, financial covenants and capital availability.
we have certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under various agreements. cash requirements within the next twelve months include accounts payable and accrued liabilities, the current portion of long-term borrowings, and other current obligations.
our long-term cash requirements under various contractual obligations and commitments include:
•debt and interest payments - see part ii, item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data - note 8. borrowing arrangements, of notes to financial statements" for details of our obligations and the timing of expected future payments.
•pension - we have a funded noncontributory defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees and an unfunded supplemental employee retirement plan ("serp") for certain members of executive senior management. see part ii, item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data - note 9. postretirement benefits, of notes to financial statements" for the funding policy for our defined benefit pension plan and accumulated benefit obligation for our unfunded serp.
•deferred compensation - we have two deferred compensation plans for our executives, senior vice presidents, and other selected officers and two deferred compensation plans for our outside directors. see part ii, item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data - note 10. incentive and deferred compensation plans, of notes to financial statements" for additional details of these obligations and estimated future payments.
•other commitments - we have commitments for approximately $424 million which include agreements for various services, including information technology, support, and maintenance obligations, operating leases for equipment, vehicles, and real estate, and other obligations in the ordinary course of business. we expect to make future cash payments according to the contract terms. these agreements are enforceable and legally binding and specify fixed amounts or minimum quantities to be purchased. some agreements may contain cancellation provisions, some of which may require us to pay a termination fee. over half of these commitments are due in the next 12 months. we are reimbursed from the exchange and its subsidiaries for the portion of these costs related to administrative services.
we believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our current and future cash requirements.
volatility in the financial markets presents challenges to us as we do occasionally access our investment portfolio as a source of cash.  some of our fixed income investments, despite being publicly traded, may be illiquid.  volatility in these markets could impair our ability to sell certain of our fixed income securities or cause such securities to sell at deep discounts.  we believe we have sufficient liquidity to meet our needs from sources other than the liquidation of securities.
cash flow activities the following table provides condensed cash flow information for the years ended december 31:
(in thousands)                                  2021                      2020                        2019
net cash provided by operating activities                   $402,794                    $342,595                  $364,527
net cash used in investing activities                      (185,490)                   (243,225)                 (124,634)
net cash used in financing activities                      (194,842)                   (274,869)                 (169,571)
net increase (decrease) in cash                              $22,462                  $(175,499)                   $70,322
net cash provided by operating activities was $402.8 million in 2021, compared to $342.6 million in 2020 and $364.5 million in 2019. increased cash provided by operating activities in 2021 was primarily due to an increase in management fees received driven by growth in direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange of $94.6 million and an increase in administrative service reimbursements received of $46.9 million. partially offsetting the increase in cash provided by operating activities was an increase in cash paid for agent commissions of $37.4 million due to higher scheduled commission driven by premium growth, an increase in administrative services expenses paid of $33.8 million and an increase in agent bonuses of $15.4 million, compared to 2020. decreased cash provided by operating activities in 2020 was primarily due to an increase in cash paid for agent commissions of $33.3 million due to higher scheduled commissions driven by premium growth, increased general operating expenses paid of $17.4 million and increased administrative services expenses paid of $16.2 million. offsetting the decrease in cash provided by operating activities was an increase of $42.5 million in management fee received driven by growth in direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange, compared to 2019.
net cash used in investing activities totaled $185.5 million in 2021, compared to $243.2 million in 2020 and $124.6 million in 2019. in 2021, net cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by fixed asset purchases of $148.8 million, which included the purchase of the home office from the exchange. to a lesser extent, purchases of investments exceeded proceeds generated from sales and maturities/calls of investments. in 2020, net cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by purchases of investments exceeding proceeds generated from sales and maturities/calls of investments. in 2019, net cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by fixed asset purchases of $102.0 million primarily related to the new home office building which was funded primarily by the senior secured draw term loan facility.
net cash used in financing activities totaled $194.8 million in 2021, compared to $274.9 million in 2020 and $169.6 million in 2019. the decrease in cash used in 2021, compared to 2020, was due to a decrease in dividends paid to shareholders by $80.1 million, compared to 2020. the increase in cash used in 2020, compared to 2019, was due to an increase in dividends paid to shareholders. in addition to the normal quarterly dividends paid in 2020, the board also declared a special one-time cash dividend of $2.00 on each class a share and $300 on each class b share totaling $93.1 million, which was paid in december 2020.
no shares of our class a nonvoting common stock were repurchased in 2021, 2020 and 2019 in conjunction with our stock repurchase program. in 2011, our board of directors approved a continuation of the current stock repurchase program for a total of $150 million with no time limitation.  this repurchase authority includes, and is not in addition to, any unspent amounts remaining under the prior authorization.  we had approximately $17.8 million of repurchase authority remaining under this program at december 31, 2021, based upon trade date.
we purchase shares of our outstanding class a nonvoting common stock outside of our publicly announced share repurchase program for certain stock-based incentive plans. we purchased 26,667 shares for $5.3 million in 2021, 31,248 shares for $5.8 million in 2020 and 15,003 shares for $2.6 million in 2019 to settle awards for our equity compensation plan and to fund the rabbi trust for the outside director deferred stock compensation plan and the incentive compensation deferral plan. all shares were delivered in the year they were purchased.
capital outlook we regularly prepare forecasts evaluating the current and future cash requirements for both normal and extreme risk events, including the current covid-19 pandemic.  should an extreme risk event result in a cash requirement exceeding normal cash flows, we have the ability to meet our future funding requirements through various alternatives available to us.
outside of our normal operating and investing cash activities, future funding requirements could be met through: 1) cash and cash equivalents, which total approximately $183.7 million at december 31, 2021, 2) a $100 million bank revolving line of credit, and 3) liquidation of unpledged assets held in our investment portfolio, including equity securities and investment grade bonds which totaled approximately $658.8 million at december 31, 2021.  volatility in the financial markets could impair our ability to sell certain fixed income securities or cause such securities to sell at deep discounts.  additionally, we have the ability to curtail or modify discretionary cash outlays such as those related to shareholder dividends and share repurchase activities.
as of december 31, 2021, we have access to a $100 million bank revolving line of credit with a $25 million letter of credit sublimit that expires on october 29, 2026. as of december 31, 2021, a total of $99.1 million remains available under the facility due to $0.9 million outstanding letters of credit, which reduce the availability for letters of credit to $24.1 million.  we had no borrowings outstanding on our line of credit as of december 31, 2021. investments with a fair value of $120.9 million were pledged as collateral on the line at december 31, 2021. these securities have no trading restrictions and are reported as available-for-sale securities and cash and cash equivalents in the statements of financial position.  the bank requires compliance with certain covenants, which include leverage ratios and debt restrictions.  we were in compliance with our bank covenants at december 31, 2021.
enterprise risk management the role of our enterprise risk management ("erm") function is to ensure that all significant risks are clearly identified, understood, proactively managed and consistently monitored to achieve strategic objectives for all stakeholders. our erm program views risk holistically across our entire group of companies. it ensures implementation of risk responses to mitigate potential impacts. see part i, item 1a. "risk factors" contained in this report for a list of risk factors.
our erm process is founded on a governance framework that includes oversight at multiple levels of our organization, including our board of directors and executive management. accountability to identify, manage, and mitigate risk is embedded within all functions and areas of our business. we have defined risk tolerances to monitor and manage significant risks within acceptable levels. in addition to identifying, evaluating, prioritizing, monitoring, and mitigating significant risks, our erm process includes extreme event analyses and scenario testing. given our defined tolerance for risk, risk model output is used to quantify the potential variability of future performance and the sufficiency of capital and liquidity levels.
transactions/agreements with related parties board oversight our board of directors has a broad oversight responsibility over our intercompany relationships with the exchange.  as a consequence, our board of directors may be required to make decisions or take actions that may not be solely in the interest of our shareholders, such as setting the management fee rate paid by the exchange to us and ratifying any other significant activity.
insurance holding company system most states have enacted legislation that regulates insurance holding company systems, defined as two or more affiliated persons, one or more of which is an insurer. the exchange has the following wholly owned property and casualty subsidiaries: erie insurance company, erie insurance company of new york, erie insurance property & casualty company and flagship city insurance company, and a wholly owned life insurance company, erie family life insurance company. indemnity and the exchange, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, meet the definition of an insurance holding company system.
all transactions within a holding company system affecting the member insurers of the holding company system must be fair and reasonable and any charges or fees for services performed must be reasonable.  approval by the applicable insurance commissioner is required prior to the consummation of transactions affecting the members within a holding company system.
intercompany agreements subscriber's and services agreements we serve as attorney-in-fact for the subscribers at the exchange, a reciprocal insurance exchange.  each applicant for insurance to a reciprocal insurance exchange signs a subscriber's agreement that contains an appointment of an attorney-in-fact.  through the designation of attorney-in-fact, we are required to provide policy issuance and renewal services and act as the attorney-in-fact for the exchange with respect to all administrative services, as discussed previously.  pursuant to the subscriber's agreement, we earn a management fee for these services calculated as a percentage of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange. by virtue of its legal structure as a reciprocal insurer, the exchange does not have any employees or officers. therefore, it enters into contractual relationships by and through the attorney-in-fact. the exchange's insurance subsidiaries also utilize indemnity for all administrative services in accordance with the service agreements between each of the subsidiaries and indemnity. the amounts incurred for all administrative services are reimbursed to indemnity at cost in accordance with the subscriber's agreement and the service agreements. these reimbursements are settled on a monthly basis. state insurance regulations require that intercompany service agreements and any material amendments be approved in advance by the state insurance department.
shared facilities we previously leased the home office from the exchange. rent was based on rental rates of like property in erie, pennsylvania and all operating expenses including utilities, cleaning, repairs, real estate taxes, property insurance, and leasehold improvements were the responsibility of the tenant (indemnity). rental costs of shared facilities under this lease were allocated based upon usage or square footage occupied. on december 31, 2021, we purchased the home office from the exchange. see part ii, item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data - note 14. related party, of notes to financial statements" for additional details.
effective july 1, 2021, the exchange and its subsidiaries entered into a contractual agreement with indemnity to use space in indemnity-owned properties. the amount charged is based on rates of like property in erie, pennsylvania and the usage or square footage occupied. operating expenses including utilities, cleaning, repairs, real estate taxes, property insurance and leasehold improvements are allocated based upon usage or square footage occupied. the home office was added to this agreement effective january 1, 2022.
cost allocation the allocation of costs affects our financial condition and that of the exchange and its wholly owned subsidiaries. management's role is to determine that allocations are consistently made in accordance with the subscriber's agreement with the subscribers at the exchange, intercompany service agreements, and applicable insurance laws and regulations. allocation of costs under these various agreements requires judgment and interpretation, and such allocations are performed using a consistent methodology, which is intended to adhere to the terms and intentions of the underlying agreements.
intercompany receivables we have significant receivables from the exchange and its affiliates that result in a concentration of credit risk. net receivables from the exchange and other affiliates were $479.1 million, or 21.4% of total assets, at december 31, 2021 and $494.6 million, or 23.4% of total assets, at december 31, 2020. these receivables include management fees due for policy issuance and renewal services performed by us under the subscriber's agreement, and certain costs we incur acting as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the exchange as well as the service provider for its insurance subsidiaries with respect to all administrative services, as discussed previously. these receivables from the exchange and its affiliates are settled monthly. we continually monitor the financial strength of the exchange.
