item 1a.    risk factors our business and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty. an investor should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k and in our other filings with the sec. additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. if any of these events or circumstances occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could be materially harmed. in that case, the value of our securities could decline and an investor could lose part or all of his or her investment. in addition, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that are contained in this annual report on form 10-k or in our other filings or statements may be subject to the risks described below as well as other risks and uncertainties. please note that the headers provided below are intended to assist the reader in navigating the risk factors; however, some risks, present or future, may implicate multiple types of risks. please read the cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements in part i above.
business and operating risks we are subject to risks associated with public health threats and epidemics, including the novel coronavirus ("covid-19") and any variants of covid-19.
we are subject to risks associated with public health threats and epidemics, including the global health concerns related to the covid-19 pandemic. the global pandemic has adversely impacted and is likely to further adversely impact nearly all aspects of our business and markets, including our workforce and operations and the operations of our customers, suppliers, and business partners. in particular, we may experience material financial or operational impacts, including:
•significant volatility or reductions in demand for our products;
•impacts and delays to clinical trials, our pipeline milestones, or regulatory clearances and approvals; or
•the inability to meet our customers' needs or other obligations due to disruptions to our operations or the operations of our third-party partners, suppliers, contractors, logistics partners, or customers including disruptions to production, development, manufacturing, administrative, and supply operations and arrangements.
the extent to which the covid-19 global pandemic and measures taken in response thereto impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. these developments include, but are not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak (including new variants of covid-19), its severity, the actions to contain the virus or address its impact, the timing, distribution, and efficacy of vaccines and other treatments, united states and foreign government actions to respond to the reduction in global economic activity, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume.
failure to successfully innovate and develop new and differentiated products in a timely manner and effectively market these products could have a material effect on our prospects.
our continued growth and success depend on our ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products in a timely manner and effectively market these products. without the timely innovation and development of products, our products could be rendered obsolete or less competitive by changing customer preferences or because of the introduction of a competitor's newer technologies. innovating products requires the devotion of significant financial and other resources to research and development activities; however, there is no certainty that the products we are currently developing will complete the development process, or that we will obtain the regulatory or other approvals required to market such products in a timely manner or at all. even if we timely innovate and develop products, our ability to market them could be constrained by a number of different factors, including barriers in patients' treatment pathway (including disease awareness, detection, and diagnosis), the need for regulatory clearance, restrictions imposed on approved indications, and uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. failure in any of these areas could have a material effect on our prospects.
unsuccessful clinical trials or procedures relating to products could have a material adverse effect on our prospects.
the regulatory approval process for new products and new indications for existing products requires extensive clinical trials and procedures, including early clinical feasibility and regulatory studies. unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from current or future clinical trials or procedures conducted by us, our competitors, or third parties, or perceptions regarding this clinical data, could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary approvals and the market's view of our future prospects. such clinical trials and procedures are inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance that these trials or procedures will be enrolled or completed in a timely or cost-effective manner or result in a commercially viable product or indication; failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our prospects. clinical trials or procedures may experience significant setbacks even after earlier trials have shown promising results. further, preliminary results from clinical trials or procedures may be contradicted by subsequent analyses. in addition, results from our clinical trials or procedures may not be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience. if preliminary clinical results are later contradicted, or if initial results cannot be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience, our business could be adversely affected. clinical trials or procedures may be delayed, suspended, or terminated by us, the fda, or other regulatory authorities at any time if it is believed that the trial participants face unacceptable health risks or any other reasons, and any such delay, suspension, or termination could have a material adverse effect on our prospects or the market's view of our future prospects.
we operate in highly competitive markets, and if we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed.
we face substantial competition and compete with companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, product performance, brand name recognition, breadth of product offerings, real or perceived product advantages, pricing and availability and rate of reimbursement. in addition, given the trend toward value-based healthcare, if we are not able to continue to demonstrate the full value of our differentiated products to healthcare providers and payors, our competitive position could be adversely affected. see "competition" under "business" in part i, item 1 included herein.
if we identify underperforming operations or products or if there are unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures in connection with business acquisitions or strategic alliances, we may be required, from time to time, to recognize charges, which could be substantial and which could adversely affect our results of operations.
we actively manage a portfolio of research and development products, and we regularly explore potential acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies, services, or products, as well as potential strategic alliances. from time to time, we identify operations and products that are underperforming, do not fit with our longer-term business strategy or there may be unforeseen operating difficulties and significant expenditures during the integration of an acquired business, technology, service, or product into our existing operations. we may seek to dispose of these underperforming operations or products, and we may also seek to dispose of other operations or products for strategic or other business reasons. if we cannot dispose of an operation or product on acceptable terms, we may voluntarily cease operations related to that product. in addition, we may be required to take charges or write-downs in connection with acquisitions and divestitures. in particular, acquisitions of businesses engaged in the development of new products may give rise to developed technology and/or in-process research and development assets. to the extent that the value of these assets decline, we may be required to write down the value of the assets. also, in connection with certain asset acquisitions, we may be required to take an immediate charge related to acquired in-process research and development assets. any of these events could result in charges, which could be substantial and which could adversely affect our results of operations.
the success of many of our products depends upon certain key physicians.
we work with leading global physicians who provide considerable knowledge and experience. these physicians may assist us as researchers, marketing consultants, product trainers and consultants, inventors, and as public speakers. if new laws, regulations, or other developments limit our ability to appropriately engage these professionals or to continue to receive their advice and input or we are otherwise unsuccessful in maintaining strong working relationships with these physicians, the development, marketing, and successful use of our products could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
if we or one of our suppliers or logistics partners encounters manufacturing, logistics, or quality problems, our business could be materially adversely affected.
the manufacture and sterilization of many of our products is highly complex due in part to rigorous regulatory requirements. quality is extremely important due to the serious and costly consequences of a product failure. problems can arise for a number of reasons, including disruption of facility utilities, equipment malfunction, failure to follow protocols and procedures, raw material problems, software problems, cyber incidents, or human error. disruptions can occur at any time, including during production line transfers and expansions. disruptions can also occur if our manufacturing and warehousing facilities are damaged by earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes, fires, and other natural disasters or catastrophic circumstances. as we expand into new markets and scale new products for commercial production, we may face unanticipated delays or surges in demand which could strain our production capacity and lead to other types of disruption. if any of these manufacturing, logistics, or quality problems arise or if we or one of our suppliers or logistics partners otherwise fail to meet internal quality standards or those of the fda or other applicable regulatory body, our reputation could be damaged, we could become subject to a safety alert or a recall, we could incur product liability and other costs, product approvals and production could be delayed, and our business could otherwise be materially adversely affected.
we rely on third parties in the design, manufacture, and sterilization of our products. any failure by or loss of a vendor could result in delays and increased costs, which may adversely affect our business.
we rely on third parties for a broad range of raw and organic materials and other items in the design, manufacture, and sterilization of our products, and we purchase certain supplies and services from single sources for reasons of quality assurance, cost-effectiveness, availability, constraints resulting from regulatory requirements, and other reasons. we may experience supply interruptions due to a variety of factors, including:
•general economic conditions that could adversely affect the financial viability of our vendors;
•vendors' election to no longer service medical technology companies due to the burdens of applicable quality requirements and regulations;
•the limitation or ban of certain chemicals or other materials used in the manufacture of our products; and
•delays or shortages due to trade or regulatory embargoes.
a change or addition to our vendors could require significant effort due to the rigorous regulations and requirements of the fda and other regulatory authorities; it could be difficult to establish additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
failure to protect our information technology infrastructure and our products against cyber-based attacks, network security breaches, service interruptions, or data corruption could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and operating results.
the operation of our business depends on our information technology systems. we rely on our information technology systems to, among other things, effectively manage sales and marketing data, accounting and financial functions, inventory management, product development tasks, clinical data, customer service and technical support functions. our information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power losses, computer system or data network failures, security breaches, and data corruption.
in addition, our information technology infrastructure and products are vulnerable to cyber-based attacks. cyber-based attacks can include, but are not limited to, computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks, phishing attacks, ransomware attacks, and other introduction of malware to computers and networks; unauthorized access through the use of compromised credentials; exploitation of design flaws, bugs, or security vulnerabilities; intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges; and intentional acts of vandalism by third parties and sabotage. in addition, united states federal and state laws and regulations, and the laws and regulations of jurisdictions outside of the united states, such as the general data protection regulation adopted by the european union and the california consumer privacy act, can expose us to investigations and enforcement actions by regulatory authorities and claims from individuals potentially resulting in penalties and significant legal liability, if our information technology security efforts are inadequate. in addition, we rely upon technology suppliers, including cloud‐based data management applications hosted by third‐party service providers, whose security and information technology systems are subject to similar risks.
significant disruption in either our or our service providers' or suppliers' information technology or the security of our products could impede our operations or result in decreased sales, result in liability claims or regulatory penalties, or lead to increased overhead costs, product shortages, loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, intellectual property, or sensitive or personal information, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and operating results.
our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to recruit and retain qualified management and other personnel.
our continued success depends, in large part, on our ability to hire and retain qualified people or otherwise have access to such qualified people globally and if we are unable to do so, our business and operations may be impaired or disrupted. see "human capital management strategy" under "business" in part i, item 1 included herein. competition for highly qualified people is intense, and there is no assurance that we will be successful in attracting or retaining replacements to fill vacant positions, successors to fill retirements or employees moving to new positions, or other highly qualified personnel.
market and other external risks because we operate globally, our business is subject to a variety of risks associated with international sales and operations.
our extensive global operations and business activity as well as the fact that many of our manufacturing facilities and suppliers are outside of the united states are accompanied by certain financial, economic, political, and other risks, including those listed below.
domestic and global economic conditions.  we cannot predict to what extent general domestic and global economic conditions may negatively impact our business. these include, but are not limited to, credit and capital markets, interest rates, tax law, including tax rate and policy changes, factors affecting global economic stability, and the political environment relating to health care. these and other conditions could also adversely affect our customers, payers, vendors and other stakeholders and may impact their ability or decision to purchase our products or make payments on a timely basis.
health care legislation and other regulations. we are subject to various federal and foreign laws that govern our domestic and international business practices. for example, in the united states, the affordable care act, the medicare access and chip reauthorization act of 2015, and the 21st century cures act, or any future legislation, including deficit reduction legislation, could impact medical procedure volumes, reimbursement for our products, and demand for our products or the prices at which we sell our products. in addition, a mutual recognition agreement still under negotiation for the medical device regulation can result in a lack of free movement of medical devices between the european union and switzerland, can impact our access in the european union and can, ultimately, have a material effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. for more information about these laws as they relate to our business, see the section entitled "government regulation and other matters" in part i, item 1, "business."
in addition, the united states foreign corrupt practices act, the united kingdom bribery act, and similar laws in other jurisdictions contain prohibitions against bribery and other illegal payments, and make it an offense to fail to have procedures in place that prevent such payments. penalties resulting from any violation of these laws could adversely affect us and our business.
taxes. we are subject to income taxes in the united states as well as other jurisdictions.
•provision for income taxes. our provision for income taxes and our underlying effective tax rate could fluctuate due to changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates. our income tax provision could also be impacted by changes in excess tax benefits of stock-based compensation, federal and state tax credits, non-deductible expenses, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them, the applicability and creditability of withholding taxes, and effects from acquisitions.
•tax reform. our provision for income taxes could be materially impacted by changes in accounting principles or evolving tax laws, including, but not limited to, global corporate tax reform and base-erosion and tax transparency efforts. for example, many countries are aligning their international tax rules with the organisation for economic co-operation and development's base erosion and profit shifting recommendations and action plans that aim to standardize and modernize international corporate tax policy, including changes to cross-border taxes, transfer pricing documentation rules, nexus-based tax practices, and taxation of digital activities.
•tax audits. we are subject to ongoing tax audits in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. although we regularly assess the likely outcomes of the audits and record reserves for potential tax payments, the calculation of tax liabilities involves the application of complex tax laws, and our estimates could be different than the amounts for which we are ultimately liable.
•tax incentives. we benefit from various global tax incentives extended to encourage investment or employment. several foreign jurisdictions have granted us tax incentives which require renewal at various times in the future. if our incentives are not renewed or we cannot or do not wish to satisfy all or part of the tax incentive conditions, we may lose the tax incentives and could be required to refund tax incentives previously realized. as a result, our provision for income taxes could be higher than it would have been had we maintained the benefits of the tax incentives.
other economic, political, and social risks. in addition to the factors enumerated above, we are from time to time impacted by a variety of other factors associated with doing business internationally that can harm our future results, including the following:
•trade protection measures, quotas, embargoes, import or export requirements, and duties, tariffs, or surcharges;
•cultural or other local factors affecting financial terms with customers;
•differing labor regulations; and
•currency exchange rate fluctuations; that is, decreases in the value of the united states dollar to the euro or the japanese yen, as well as other currencies, have the effect of increasing our reported revenues even when the volume of sales outside of the united states has remained constant. increases in the value of the united states dollar relative to the euro or the japanese yen, as well as other currencies, have the opposite effect. significant increases or decreases in the value of the united states dollar could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, cost of sales, or results of operations.
if government and other third-party payors decline to reimburse our customers for our products or impose other cost containment measures to reduce reimbursement levels, our ability to profitably sell our products will be harmed.
we sell our products and technologies to hospitals and other health care providers, nearly all of which receive reimbursement for the health care services provided to patients from third-party payors, such as government programs (both domestic and outside of the united states), private insurance plans, and managed care programs. the ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products from private and governmental third-party payors is critical to our success. the availability of reimbursement affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. reimbursement varies from country to country and can significantly impact acceptance of new products.
government and other third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. reimbursement levels may be decreased in the future.  additionally, future legislation, regulation, or reimbursement policies of third-party payors may otherwise adversely affect the demand for and price levels of our products. the introduction of cost containment incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of health care expenditures by both private health insurers and employers, has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges for services performed. hospitals or physicians may respond to such cost-containment pressures by substituting lower cost products or other therapies.
third-party payors may deny reimbursement if they determine that a device used in a procedure was not used in accordance with cost-effective treatment methods as determined by such third-party payors or was used for an unapproved indication. third-party payors may also deny reimbursement for experimental procedures and devices. we believe that many of our existing products are cost-effective, even though the one-time cost may be significant, because they are intended to improve quality of life and reduce overall health care costs over a long period of time. we cannot be certain that these third-party payors will recognize these cost savings and quality of life benefits instead of merely focusing on the lower initial costs associated with competing therapies. if our products are not considered cost-effective by third-party payors, our customers may not be reimbursed for them, resulting in lower sales of our products.
continued consolidation in the health care industry could have an adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.
the health care industry has been consolidating, and organizations such as gpos, independent delivery networks, and large single accounts, such as the united states veterans administration, continue to consolidate purchasing decisions for many of our health care provider customers. as a result, transactions with customers are larger and more complex, and tend to involve more long-term contracts. the purchasing power of these larger customers has increased, and may continue to increase, causing downward pressure on product pricing. if we are not one of the providers selected by one of these organizations, we may be precluded from making sales to its members or participants. even if we are one of the selected providers, we may be at a disadvantage relative to other selected providers that are able to offer volume discounts based on purchases of a broader range of medical equipment and supplies. further, we may be required to commit to pricing that has a material adverse effect on our revenues, profit margins, business, financial condition, and results of operations. we expect that market demand, governmental regulation, third-party reimbursement policies, and societal pressures will continue to drive consolidation and increase pricing pressure.
legal, compliance, and regulatory risks our inability to protect our intellectual property or failure to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of data or other sensitive company information, by cyber-attack or other event, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our success and competitive position are dependent in part upon our ability to protect our proprietary intellectual property through a combination of patents and trade secrets. we cannot guarantee that the protective steps we take are adequate to protect these rights:
•patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future may be challenged and held invalid.
•as our patents expire, we may be unsuccessful in extending their protection through patent term extensions.
•confidentiality agreements with certain employees, consultants, and other third parties intended to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary information could be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies.
•others could independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary information, design around our technology, or develop competing technologies.
•our intellectual property, other proprietary technology, and other sensitive company information is dependent on sophisticated information technology systems and is potentially vulnerable to cyber-attacks, loss, theft, damage, destruction from system malfunction, computer viruses, loss of data privacy, or misappropriation or misuse of it by those with permitted access, and other events.
•we may not detect infringement.
•intellectual property protection may also be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries.
we spend significant resources to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, sometimes resulting in expensive and time-consuming litigation that is complex and may ultimately be unsuccessful. our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business or prospects.
third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products.
during recent years, we and our competitors have been involved in substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights which is typically costly and time-consuming. we may be forced to defend against claims and legal actions alleging infringement of the intellectual property rights of others, and, if our defense is unsuccessful, we could have significant liabilities to third parties or face injunctions that bar the sale of our products, or could require us to seek licenses from third parties. such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, may prevent us from manufacturing, selling, or using certain products, or may be non-exclusive, which could provide our competitors access to the same technologies.
in addition, third parties could also obtain patents that may require us to either redesign products, negotiate licenses from such third parties, which may be costly, unavailable or require us to exit a particular product offering.
we and our customers are subject to rigorous governmental regulations and we may incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations and develop products that are compatible with these regulations. in addition, failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to substantial sanctions which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
the medical technologies we create, study, manufacture and market globally are subject to rigorous regulation and scrutiny by the fda and various other federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities. government regulation applies to nearly all aspects of our products' lifecycles, including testing, clinical study, manufacturing, transporting, sourcing, safety, labeling, storing, packaging, recordkeeping, reporting, advertising, promoting, distributing, marketing, and importing or exporting of medical devices and products. in general, unless an exemption applies, a medical device or product must receive regulatory approval or clearance before it can be marketed or sold. modifications to existing products or the marketing of new uses for existing products also may require regulatory approvals, approval supplements, or clearances. if we are unable to obtain these required approvals, we may be required to cease manufacturing and sale, or recall or restrict the use of such modified device, pay fines, or take other action until such time as appropriate clearance or approval is obtained.
regulatory agencies may refuse to grant approval or clearance, or review and disagree with our interpretation of approvals or clearances, or with our decision that regulatory approval is not required or has been maintained. regulatory submissions may require the provision of additional data and may be time consuming and costly, and their outcome is uncertain. regulatory agencies may also change policies, adopt additional regulations, or revise existing regulations, each of which could prevent or delay approval or clearance of devices, or could impact our ability to market a previously cleared, approved, or unregulated device. our failure to comply with these regulatory requirements of the fda or other applicable regulatory requirements in the united states or elsewhere might subject us to administratively or judicially imposed sanctions. these sanctions include, among others, warning letters, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties, injunctions, debarment, product seizure or detention, product recalls and total or partial suspension of production, sale and/or promotion. any of the foregoing actions could result in decreased sales including as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. in addition to the sanctions for noncompliance described above, commencement of an enforcement proceeding, inspection, or investigation could divert substantial management attention from the operation of our business and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
we are also subject to various united states and foreign laws pertaining to health care pricing, anti-corruption, and fraud and abuse, including prohibitions on kickbacks and the submission of false claims laws and restrictions on relationships with physicians and other referral sources. these laws are broad in scope and are subject to evolving interpretation, which could require us to incur substantial costs to monitor compliance. if we are found not to be in compliance, we may be required to alter our practices or have sanctions imposed against us and our officers and employees, including substantial fines, imprisonment, and exclusion from participation in governmental health care programs.
in addition, as a global company, we are subject to global data privacy and security laws, regulations and codes of conduct that apply to our businesses. we are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing legal and regulatory requirements that govern the collection, use, storage, security, transfer, disclosure and other processing of personal data in the united states and in other countries, which may include, but are not limited to, the health insurance portability and accountability act, as amended ("hipaa"), the health information technology for economic and clinical health act, the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa"), and the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr"). the gdpr imposes stringent european union data protection requirements and provides for significant penalties for noncompliance. hipaa also imposes stringent data privacy and security requirements and the regulatory authority has imposed significant fines and penalties on organizations found to be out of compliance. ccpa provides consumers with a private right of action against companies who have a security breach due to lack of appropriate security measures. we or our third-party providers and business partners may also be subjected to audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to compliance with information security and privacy laws and regulations, and noncompliance with the laws and regulations could result in substantial and material fines or class action litigation.
additional risks related to government regulation are also described under "health care legislation and other regulations" in the risk factor above titled "because we operate globally, our business is subject to a variety of risks associated with international sales and operations."
we may incur losses from product liability or other claims that could adversely affect our operating results.
our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture, and marketing of medical technologies. our products are often used in surgical and intensive care settings with seriously ill patients. in addition, many of the devices we manufacture and sell are designed to be implanted in the human body for long periods of time. component failures, manufacturing and assembly flaws, design defects, software defects, medical procedure errors, or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or information could result in an unsafe condition, injury to, or death of, patients. such problems could result in product liability, medical malpractice or other lawsuits and claims, safety alerts, or product recalls in the future. we establish reserves and may incur charges in excess of those reserves. although we maintain product liability and other insurance with coverages we believe are adequate, product liability or other claims may exceed insurance coverage limits, fines, and penalties. in addition, regulatory sanctions may not be covered by insurance, or insurance may not continue to be available or available on commercially reasonable terms. these litigation matters and regulatory actions, recalls or other actions, regardless of outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, and ability to attract and retain customers.
use of our products in unapproved circumstances could expose us to liabilities.
the marketing approval from the fda and other regulators of certain of our products are, or are expected to be, limited to specific indications. we are prohibited from marketing or promoting any unapproved use of our products. physicians, however, can use these products in ways or circumstances other than those strictly within the scope of the regulatory approval. although the product training we provide to physicians and other health care professionals is conducted in compliance with applicable laws, and therefore, is mainly limited to approved uses or for clinical trials, no assurance can be given that claims might not be asserted against us if our products are used in ways or for procedures that are not approved.
our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety regulations that could result in substantial costs.
our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws, and regulations concerning, among other things, the generation, handling, transportation, and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, the cleanup of hazardous substance releases, and emissions or discharges into the air or water. we have incurred and may incur in the future expenditures in connection with environmental, health and safety laws, and regulations. new laws and regulations, violations of these laws or regulations, stricter enforcement of existing requirements, or the discovery of previously unknown contamination could require us to incur costs or could become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could be material.
climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, may materially adversely affect our financial condition and business operations.
climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could present risks to our future operations from natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, seismic events, wildfires, or flooding. such extreme weather conditions could pose physical risks to our facilities and disrupt operation of our supply chain and may impact operational costs. concern over climate change could result in new legal or regulatory requirements designed to mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. if such laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory requirements, we may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet the regulatory obligations, and it may adversely affect our raw material sourcing, manufacturing operations, and the distribution of our products.
we are subject to risks arising from concerns and/or regulatory actions relating to animal borne illnesses, including "mad cow disease."
certain of our products, including pericardial tissue valves, are manufactured using bovine tissue. concerns relating to the potential transmission of animal borne illnesses, including bse, commonly known as "mad cow disease," from cows to humans may result in reduced acceptance of products containing bovine materials. certain medical device regulatory agencies have considered whether to continue to permit the sale of medical devices that incorporate bovine material. we obtain bovine tissue only from closely controlled sources within the united states and australia. the bovine tissue used in our pericardial tissue valves is from tissue types considered by global health and regulatory organizations to have shown no risk of infectibility for the suspected bse infectious agent. we have not experienced any significant adverse impact on our sales as a result of concerns regarding bse, but no assurance can be given that such an impact may not occur in the future.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis presents the factors that had a material effect on our results of operations during the two years ended december 31, 2021. also discussed is our financial position as of december 31, 2021. you should read this discussion in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this form 10-k. for a discussion related to the results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 and a discussion related to our consolidated cash flows for 2020 compared to 2019, refer to part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our 2020 annual report on form 10-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 12, 2021.
overview we are the global leader in patient-focused medical innovations for structural heart disease and critical care monitoring. driven by a passion to help patients, we partner with the world's leading clinicians and researchers and invest in research and development to transform care for those impacted by structural heart disease or who require hemodynamic monitoring during surgery or in intensive care. we conduct operations worldwide and are managed in the following geographical regions: united states, europe, japan, and rest of world. our products are categorized into the following areas: transcatheter aortic valve replacement ("tavr"), transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies ("tmtt"), surgical structural heart ("surgical"), and critical care.
financial highlights and covid-19
the covid-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and may further adversely impact, nearly all aspects of our business and markets, including our workforce and the operations of our customers, suppliers, and business partners. our priority has been to maintain access for patients to our life-saving technologies while providing continuous front-line support to our clinician partners, and protecting the well-being of our employees. our manufacturing operations have continued to respond to impacts related to covid-19, and we have been able to supply our technologies around the world. across the organization, we are proactively managing inventory, assessing alternative logistics options, and closely monitoring the supply of components.
tavr and surgical procedure volumes varied greatly since the middle of march 2020 by geography, and even by hospital, as patients and their physicians analyzed the trade-off between aortic stenosis and their concern for covid-19. in the last few weeks of the first quarter of 2020, procedure volumes related to our tavr and surgical products dropped significantly. beginning in the second quarter of 2020, procedure volumes improved. in the second quarter of 2020, we also started to progressively resume patient enrollment in all clinical trials that were voluntarily paused or slowed at the end of the first quarter of 2020. while we saw improvements to pre-covid levels when we resumed enrollment, procedure volumes and enrollment in our clinical trials were negatively impacted in late 2020 due to a resurgence of covid-19. in critical care, during 2020 there was greater demand in europe and the united states for our pressure monitoring products, but demand for other critical care products began to decrease at the end of the first quarter of 2020 due to decreased hospital spending related to covid-19, and that trend continued through the fourth quarter of 2020.
during the first quarter of 2021, covid-19 stressed the global healthcare system during the winter months. however, we saw strong recovery beginning in the second quarter of 2021 as widespread vaccine adoption contributed to an increased number of patients. however, the delta variant had a significant impact on hospital resources during the last two months of the third quarter of 2021, and the omicron variant had a significant impact during december 2021, especially in the united states.
despite the challenges associated with covid-19, our net sales for 2021 were $5.2 billion, representing an increase of $846.2 million over 2020, driven by sales growth of our tavr products. during the first half of 2021, united states tavr procedures began to grow as covid-19 hospitalizations decreased and vaccinations increased. however, tavr sales were negatively impacted in the second half of 2021 as united states procedures declined due to the significant impact the delta and omicron variants had on hospital resources.  surgical sales grew during 2021 due to increased adoption of our premium high-value technologies around the world and rebounding surgical aortic treatment rates in the united states. we also saw an increased demand for our critical care products in 2021 as hospital capital spending continued to show signs of recovery and elevated covid hospitalizations in the united states and europe increased demand for our pressure monitoring devices.
our gross profit increase in 2021 was driven by our sales growth and lower incremental costs associated with covid-19. the increase in our diluted earnings per share in 2021 was driven by our gross profit increase and an after-tax charge of $305.1 million in 2020 to settle certain patent litigation related to transcatheter mitral and tricuspid repair products.
we are closely monitoring the impact of covid-19 on all aspects of our business and geographies, including its impact on our customers, employees, suppliers, vendors, business partners and distribution channels. the extent to which covid-19 and measures taken in response thereto impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. these developments include, but are not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak (including new and more contagious variants of covid-19), its severity, the actions to contain the virus or address its impact, the timing, distribution, public acceptance and efficacy of vaccines and other treatments, united states and foreign government actions to respond to the reduction in global economic activity, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. even after the covid-19 outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience materially adverse impacts on our financial condition and results of operations.
healthcare environment, opportunities, and challenges the medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. we are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. despite the challenges of the covid-19 pandemic, our dedicated field teams found creative ways to support physicians, our engineers continued to advance innovation, and our colleagues worked diligently to keep our clinical trials on track.  in 2021, we invested 17.3% of our net sales in research and development. the following is a summary of important developments during 2021:
•we received united states food and drug administration ("fda") clearance for the acumen hypotension prediction index software with the acumen iq finger cuff. this is the first noninvasive solution that uses machine learning to alert clinicians of the likelihood a patient is trending toward hypotension, or low blood pressure;
•we received fda approval for the use of the edwards sapien 3 transcatheter valve with the alterra adaptive prestent for patients with severe pulmonary regurgitation;
•we completed enrollment in early tavr, a pivotal trial studying the treatment of severe aortic stenosis patients before their symptoms develop, and clasp iid, a pivotal trial studying edwards pascal in patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation;
•we received ce mark approval to begin treating patients with a previously repaired or replaced valve in the pulmonic position;
•we received regulatory approval in japan for our mitris valve, a new mitral valve incorporating resilia technology; and
•we received fda approval for our alliance pivotal trial to study our next generation tavr technology, sapien x4.
we are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality-of-life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes.
results of operations net sales by major regions
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,                                       change
2021                                                                              2020                                   $                           %
united states                          $2,963.1                          $2,516.8                       $446.3                                17.7   %
europe                                  1,190.3                             973.6                        216.7                                22.3   %
japan                                     528.9                             460.1                         68.8                                15.0   %
rest of world                             550.2                             435.8                        114.4                                26.3   %
outside of the united states            2,269.4                           1,869.5                        399.9                                21.4   %
total net sales                        $5,232.5                          $4,386.3                       $846.2                                19.3   %
net sales outside of the united states include the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on net sales is not necessarily indicative of the impact on net income due to the corresponding effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on international manufacturing and operating costs, and our hedging activities. for more information, see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
net sales by product group
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,                                       change
2021                                                                                             2020                                   $                                %
transcatheter aortic valve replacement                $3,422.5                          $2,857.3                       $565.2                                     19.8   %
transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies              86.0                              41.8                         44.2                                    105.5   %
surgical heart valve therapy                             889.1                             761.8                        127.3                                     16.7   %
critical care                                            834.9                             725.4                        109.5                                     15.1   %
total net sales                                       $5,232.5                          $4,386.3                       $846.2                                     19.3   %
transcatheter aortic valve replacement the increase in net sales of tavr products was driven by:
•higher sales of the edwards sapien platform in 2021 in the united states, europe, and japan driven by improved covid-19 conditions compared to 2020. sales, however, were negatively impacted in the second half of 2021 as united states procedures declined due to the significant impact covid had on hospital resources; and
•foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which increased net sales outside of the united states by $33.9 million primarily due to the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar.
in the second quarter of 2021, we (1) received approval for a united states pivotal trial for tavr in moderate aortic stenosis patients, (2) received approval in japan to begin treating low-risk patients with sapien 3, and (3) received sapien 3 ce mark approval to begin treating patients with a previously repaired or replaced valve in the pulmonic position. in the fourth quarter of 2021, we (1) completed enrollment of our early tavr pivotal trial, which is focused on the treatment of asymptomatic aortic stenosis patients, (2) initiated enrollment in our progress pivotal trial for moderate aortic stenosis patients, (3) received fda approval for our alliance pivotal trial to study our next generation tavr device, sapien x4, and (4) received fda approval for the use of the edwards sapien 3 transcatheter valve with the alterra adaptive prestent for congenital heart patients. the alterra prestent compensates for variations in size and morphology of the right ventricular outflow tract to provide a stable landing zone for the sapien 3 valve.
transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies the increase in net sales of tmtt products was due primarily to improved covid-19 conditions compared to 2020 and continued adoption of our pascal system in europe.
in the fourth quarter of 2021, we completed enrollment of our clasp iid pivotal trial studying edwards pascal in patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation. we continued to treat patients with both of our transcatheter mitral replacement therapies through the encircle trial for sapien m3 and the miscend study for evoque eos. the miscend study will evaluate the safety and performance of evoque eos, which is designed to advance the treatment of patients with mitral regurgitation with a low-profile valve delivered through a sub 30 french transfemoral delivery system. we also began treating patients with evoque in the triscend ii pivotal trial. this study will evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the evoque tricuspid valve replacement system for patients with severe tricuspid regurgitation.
surgical structural heart the increase in net sales of surgical products was due primarily to improved covid-19 conditions compared to 2020 and increased sales of the inspiris resilia aortic valve and the konect aortic valved conduit, primarily in the united states. in addition, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations increased net sales outside of the united states by $13.1 million primarily due to the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar.
in january 2021, we received regulatory approval in japan for our mitris valve, a new mitral valve incorporating resilia technology, which was launched in japan during the second quarter of 2021.
critical care the increase in net sales of critical care products was driven by:
•increased demand for our capital products, primarily hemosphere platforms in the united states, as hospital capital spending continued to show signs of recovery;
•increased demand for our pressure monitoring products due to elevated covid hospitalizations, primarily in the united states;
•increased demand for our enhanced surgical recovery products, primarily in the united states; and
•foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which increased net sales outside of the united states by $9.0 million primarily due to the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar.
in june 2021, we received fda clearance for the acumen hypotension prediction index software with the acumen iq finger cuff. this is the first noninvasive solution that uses machine learning to alert clinicians of the likelihood a patient is trending toward hypotension, or low blood pressure.
gross profit the increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2021 compared to 2020 was driven primarily by:
•a 0.5 percentage point increase in the united states due to an improved product mix, driven by tavr products; and
•lower incremental costs associated with covid-19;
partially offset by:
•a 0.5 percentage point decrease due to the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including the settlement of foreign currency hedging contracts.
selling, general, and administrative ("sg&a") expenses sg&a expenses increased in 2021 compared to 2020 due primarily to (1) increased commercial activities, primarily in the united states and europe, compared to the covid-19 impacted prior year, (2) higher personnel-related costs, and (3) the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which increased expenses by $22.2 million due primarily to the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar.
research and development ("r&d") expenses r&d expenses increased in 2021 compared to 2020 due primarily to continued investments in our transcatheter innovations. clinical trial activity also increased compared to 2020 since spending in 2020 was reduced as we temporarily paused certain mitral and tricuspid active pivotal clinical trials at the end of the first quarter of 2020 due to covid-19.
intellectual property litigation expenses, net we incurred intellectual property litigation expenses, including settlements and external legal costs, of $20.6 million and $405.4 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively. on july 12, 2020, we reached an agreement with abbott laboratories and its direct and indirect subsidiaries ("abbott") to, among other things, settle all outstanding patent disputes between the companies (the "settlement agreement") in cases related to transcatheter mitral and tricuspid repair products. the settlement agreement resulted in us recording an estimated $367.9 million pre-tax charge and related liability in june 2020 related to past damages. in addition, we will incur royalty expenses through may 2024 totaling an estimated $100 million. we made a one-time $100.0 million payment to abbott in july 2020, and are making quarterly payments in subsequent years. for further information, see note 3 to the "consolidated financial statements."
change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, net the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities resulted in income of $124.1 million in 2021 and expense of $13.6 million in 2020. the income in 2021 was driven by changes in the projected probability and timing of milestone achievements and the projected timing of cash inflows. the expense in 2020 was primarily driven by the accretion of interest due to the passage of time and adjustments to discount rates, partially offset by changes in the projected probability and timing of milestone achievements and the projected timing of cash inflows.
special charges for information on special charges, see note 4 to the "consolidated financial statements."
interest expense interest expense was $18.4 million and $15.8 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. the increase in interest expense resulted primarily from lower capitalized interest due to decreased facilities construction.
interest income interest income was $17.4 million and $23.4 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. the decrease in interest income resulted primarily from lower average yield, partially offset by a higher average investment balance.
other income, net
(in millions)
years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                              2020
foreign exchange gains, net                                                $(5.0)                         $(12.3)
gain on investments                                                         (5.8)                           (0.6)
non-service cost components of net periodic pension benefit cost              0.3                             0.4
other                                                                       (2.2)                             1.0
total other income, net                                                   $(12.7)                         $(11.5)
the net foreign exchange gains relate to the foreign currency fluctuations on our global trade and intercompany receivable and payable balances, partially offset by the gains and losses on non-designated derivative instruments.
the gain on investments primarily represents our net share of gains and losses in investments accounted for under the equity method, and realized gains and losses on investments in equity securities.
the non-service cost components of net periodic pension benefit cost includes the costs of our defined benefit plans that are not attributed to services rendered by eligible employees during the year, such as interest costs, expected return on plan assets, and amortization of actuarial gains or losses.
provision for income taxes
($ in millions)
years ended december 31,   change
2021                                                                     2020   $                          %
provision for income taxes          $198.9                         $93.3        $105.6         113.2               %
effective tax rate                    11.7    %                     10.2    %
our effective income tax rate in 2021 and 2020 was 11.7% and 10.2%, respectively. our effective tax rate for 2021 increased in comparison to 2020 primarily due to the impact of the litigation settlement agreement reached in 2020 with abbott to settle all outstanding patent disputes and the decrease in the excess tax benefit from employee share-based compensation, partially offset by the tax benefit from the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities.
in 2021, the difference between our 11.7% effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to (1) foreign earnings taxed at lower rates net of the united states tax on global intangible low-taxed income, (2) federal and california research and development credits, (3) the excess tax benefit from employee share-based compensation and (4) the tax benefit from the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $167.0 million of california research expenditure tax credits that we expect to use in future periods. the credits may be carried forward indefinitely. based upon anticipated future taxable income, we expect that it is more likely than not that all california research expenditure tax credits will be utilized, although the utilization of the full benefit is expected to occur over a number of years into the distant future.
as of december 31, 2021, our gross uncertain tax positions were $358.4 million. we estimate that these liabilities would be reduced by $135.1 million from offsetting tax benefits associated with the correlative effects of potential transfer pricing adjustments, state income taxes, and timing adjustments. the net amount of $223.3 million, if not required, would favorably affect our effective tax rate.
in the normal course of business, the internal revenue service ("irs") and other taxing authorities are in different stages of examining various years of our tax filings. during these audits, we may receive proposed audit adjustments that could be material. therefore, there is a possibility that an adverse outcome in these audits could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. we strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. while we have accrued for matters we believe are more likely than not to require settlement, the eventual outcome with a tax authority may result in a tax liability that is more or less than that reflected in the consolidated financial statements. furthermore, we may later decide to challenge any assessments, if made, and may exercise our right to appeal. the uncertain tax positions are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, proposed assessments by tax authorities, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law. we believe that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from our uncertain tax positions.
at december 31, 2021, all material state, local, and foreign income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2015. while not material, we continue to address matters in india for years from 2010.
we executed an advance pricing agreement ("apa") in 2018 between the united states and switzerland governments for tax years 2009 through 2020 covering various, but not all, transfer pricing matters. the unagreed transfer pricing matters, namely surgical structural heart and transcatheter aortic valve replacement (collectively "surgical/tavr") intercompany royalty transactions, then reverted to irs examination for further consideration as part of the respective years' regular tax audits. in addition, we executed other bilateral apas as follows: during 2017, an apa between the united states and japan covering tax years 2015 through 2019; and during 2018, apas between japan and singapore and between switzerland and japan covering tax years 2015 through 2019. we have filed to renew all of the apas which cover transactions with japan for the years 2020 and forward. the execution of some or all these apa renewals depends on many variables outside of our control.
our united states federal income tax returns through 2014 have been audited. the irs began its examination of the 2015 and 2016 tax years during the fourth quarter of 2018 and later added the 2017 tax year to this audit cycle during the first quarter of 2019. the irs audit field work for the 2015-2017 tax years was substantially completed during the fourth quarter of 2020, except for transfer pricing and related matters.
during the second quarter of 2021, we received a notice of proposed adjustment ("nopa") from the irs for the 2015-2017 tax years relating to transfer pricing involving certain surgical/tavr intercompany royalty transactions between our united states and switzerland subsidiaries. during the third quarter of 2021, we completed our review of the nopa and provided comments to the irs and the irs subsequently revised the nopa. the revised nopa proposes an increase to our united states taxable income which could result in additional tax expense for this period of approximately $180 million and represents a significant change to previously agreed upon transfer pricing methodologies for these types of transactions.
we have formally disagreed with the nopa and have submitted a formal protest on the matter to the irs independent office of appeals during the fourth quarter of 2021. we also have received the final revenue agent's report for these tax years. we continue to evaluate all possible remedies available to us, which could take several years to resolve. no payment of any amount related to the nopa is required to be made, if at all, until all applicable proceedings have been completed. we believe the amounts previously accrued related to this uncertain tax position are sufficient and, accordingly, have not accrued any additional amount based on the nopa received.
certain surgical/tavr intercompany royalty transactions covering tax years 2015 - 2021 that were not resolved under the apa program remain subject to irs examination, and those transactions and related tax positions remain uncertain as of december 31, 2021. we have considered this information, as well as information regarding the nopa described above, in our evaluation of our uncertain tax positions. the impact of these unresolved transfer pricing matters, net of any correlative repatriation tax adjustment, may be significant to our consolidated financial statements. based on the information currently available and numerous possible outcomes, we cannot reasonably estimate what, if any, changes in our existing uncertain tax positions may occur in the next 12 months and, therefore, have continued to record the uncertain tax positions as a long-term liability.
we have received tax incentives in certain non-united states tax jurisdictions, the primary benefit for which will expire in 2029. the tax reductions as compared to the local statutory rates were $208.0 million ($0.33 per diluted share) and $189.2 million ($0.30 per diluted share) for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
beginning in 2022, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "2017 act"), which was signed into law on december 22, 2017, eliminates the option to deduct research and development expenditures currently and requires taxpayers to amortize domestic expenditures over five years and foreign expenditures over fifteen years. although congress is considering legislation that would defer the amortization requirement to later years, we have no assurance that the provision will be repealed or otherwise modified. if the requirement is not modified, it will materially reduce our cash flows beginning in 2022.
liquidity and capital resources our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash from operations, and amounts available under credit facilities. we believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current and long-term requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments. however, we periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions.
the 2017 act included extensive changes to the international tax regime. the 2017 act required a deemed repatriation of post-1986 undistributed foreign earnings and profits. the one-time transition tax liability, as adjusted, is payable in four remaining annual installments, as outlined in the contractual obligations table below. as of december 31, 2021, we had a remaining tax obligation of $213.1 million related to the deemed repatriation. see note 17 to the "consolidated financial statements" for additional information about the one-time transition tax.
as of december 31, 2021, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held in the united states and outside of the united states were $903.4 million and $563.4 million, respectively. during 2021, we repatriated cash of $1.1 billion. we assert that $1.0 billion of our foreign earnings continue to be permanently reinvested and our intent is to repatriate $392.9 million of our foreign earnings as of december 31, 2021.
we have a five-year credit agreement ("the credit agreement") which matures on april 28, 2023. the credit agreement provides up to an aggregate of $750.0 million in borrowings in multiple currencies. subject to certain terms and conditions, we may increase the amount available under the credit agreement by up to an additional $250.0 million in the aggregate. as of december 31, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding under the credit agreement. the credit agreement is unsecured and contains various financial and other covenants, including a maximum leverage ratio, as defined in the credit agreement. the company was in compliance with all covenants at december 31, 2021.
in june 2018, we issued $600.0 million of 4.3% fixed-rate unsecured senior notes (the "2018 notes") due june 15, 2028. we may redeem the 2018 notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at specified redemption prices. as of december 31, 2021, we have not elected to redeem any of the 2018 notes. as of december 31, 2021, the total carrying value of our 2018 notes was $595.7 million. for further information on our debt, see note 10 to the "consolidated financial statements."
from time to time, we repurchase shares of our common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the board of directors. we consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, expected dilution from stock plans, cash capacity, and the market price of our common stock. during 2021, under the board authorized repurchase programs, we repurchased a total of 5.6 million shares at an aggregate cost of $498.5 million, and as of december 31, 2021, we had remaining authority to purchase $1.1 billion of our common stock. in january 2022, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement to repurchase $250.0 million of our common stock. for further information, see notes 14 and 21 to the "consolidated financial statements."
certain of our business acquisitions involve contingent consideration arrangements. payment of additional consideration in the future may be required, contingent upon the acquired business reaching certain performance milestones, such as attaining specified revenue levels or obtaining regulatory approvals. for further information, see note 11 to the "consolidated financial statements."
in april 2021, we purchased an exclusive option to acquire a medical device company (the "investee") for up to approximately $390 million, depending on the paid-in capital at closing. per the agreement, depending on the investee's achievement of certain milestones, we may be required to invest up to an additional $9.9 million in the investee's equity securities and up to an additional $21.8 million for the option to acquire the investee, of which we invested $10.8 million in 2021 upon achievement of the first milestone. we also agreed to loan the investee up to $45 million under a secured promissory note. for further information, see note 7 to the "consolidated financial statements."
on july 12, 2020, we reached the settlement agreement with abbott to settle all outstanding patent disputes between the companies in cases related to transcatheter mitral and tricuspid repair products. the settlement agreement resulted in us recording an estimated $367.9 million pretax charge in june 2020 related to past damages. in addition, we will incur royalty expenses through may 2024 totaling an estimated $100 million. we made a one-time $100.0 million payment to abbott in july 2020, and are making quarterly payments in subsequent years. for further information, see note 3 to the "consolidated financial statements."
consolidated cash flows - for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021 and 2020
net cash flows provided by operating activities of $1.7 billion for 2021 increased $677.8 million from 2020 due to (1) improved operating performance in 2021, (2) a higher bonus payout in 2020 associated with 2019 performance, and (3) a payment of $100.0 million in 2020 for a litigation settlement.
net cash used in investing activities of $1.7 billion in 2021 consisted primarily of capital expenditures of $325.8 million and net purchases of investments of $1.4 billion.
net cash used in investing activities of $531.1 million in 2020 consisted primarily of capital expenditures of $407.0 million and net purchases of investments of $87.6 million.
we currently anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately $300 million in 2022 as we continue to invest in our operations.
net cash used in financing activities of $356.3 million in 2021 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $512.8 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock plans of $158.6 million.
net cash used in financing activities of $486.9 million in 2020 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $625.4 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock plans of $140.5 million.
material cash requirements a summary of our material cash requirements as of december 31, 2021 is as follows (in millions):
payments due by period contractual obligations                                                        total                    year 1                     years 2-3                  years 4-5                   after 5
years debt                                                                      $600.0                       $-                           $-                         $-                     $600.0
operating leases                                                           104.5                     27.5                         36.6                       15.8                       24.6
interest on debt                                                           125.0                     20.0                         38.6                       38.4                       28.0
transition tax on unremitted foreign earnings and profits (a)              213.1                     25.1                        109.5                       78.5                          -
litigation settlement obligation (minimum payments)                        212.5                     50.0                        100.0                       62.5                          -
pension obligations (b)                                                      2.2                      2.2                            -                          -                          -
purchase and other commitments (c)                                          30.1                     14.3                         10.5                        2.9                        2.4
total contractual cash obligations (d), (e)                             $1,287.4                   $139.1                       $295.2                     $198.1                     $655.0
_______________________________________________________________________________
(a) as of december 31, 2021, we had recorded $213.1 million of income tax liabilities related to the one-time transition tax that resulted from the enactment of the 2017 act. the transition tax is due in eight annual installments, with the first four installments paid in 2018 through 2021. the remaining installment amounts will be equal to 8% of the total liability payable in 2022, 15% in 2023, 20% in 2024, and 25% in 2025. see note 17 to the "consolidated financial statements" for additional information about the one-time transition tax.
(b)    the amount included in "less than 1 year" reflects anticipated contributions to our various pension plans. anticipated contributions beyond one year are not determinable. the total accrued benefit liability for our pension plans recognized as of december 31, 2021 was $41.0 million. this amount is impacted by, among other items, pension expense funding levels, changes in plan demographics and assumptions, and investment returns on plan assets. therefore, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table. see note 13 to the "consolidated financial statements" for further information.
(c)    purchase and other commitments consists primarily of open purchase orders for the acquisition of goods and services in the normal course of business. we have excluded open purchase orders with a remaining term of less than one year. for certain purchase and other commitments, such as commitments to fund equity method or other investments, the timing of the payment is not certain. in these cases, the maturity dates in the table reflect our best estimates.
(d)    as of december 31, 2021, the gross liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest, was $386.0 million and relates primarily to transfer pricing matters which are discussed in detail in note 17 to the "consolidated financial statements." based upon the information currently available and numerous possible outcomes, we cannot reasonably estimate the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table.
(e)    we acquire assets still in development, enter into research and development arrangements, acquire businesses, and sponsor certain clinical trials that often require milestone, royalty, or other future payments to third-parties, contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events. in situations where we have no ability to influence the achievement of the milestone or otherwise avoid the payment, we have included those payments in the table above. however, we have excluded from the table contingent milestone payments and other contingent liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict future payments or for which we can avoid making payment by unilaterally deciding to stop development of a product or cease progress of a clinical trial. we estimate that these contingent payments could be up to $835.0 million if all milestones or other contingent obligations are met. this amount includes certain milestone-based contingent obligations that may be paid through a combination of cash and issuance of common stock, and certain sales-based royalties in excess of minimum payment thresholds related to litigation settlements.
critical accounting policies and estimates our results of operations and financial position are determined based upon the application of our accounting policies, as discussed in the notes to the "consolidated financial statements." certain of our accounting policies represent a selection among acceptable alternatives under gaap. in evaluating our transactions, management assesses all relevant gaap and chooses the accounting policy that most accurately reflects the nature of the transactions.
the application of accounting policies requires the use of judgments and estimates. these matters that are subject to judgments and estimates are inherently uncertain, and different amounts could be reported using different assumptions and estimates. management uses its best estimates and judgments in determining the appropriate amount to reflect in the consolidated financial statements, using historical experience and all available information. we also use outside experts where appropriate. we apply estimation methodologies consistently from year to year.
we believe the following are the critical accounting policies which could have the most significant effect on our reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by management.
revenue recognition when we recognize revenue from the sale of our products, the amount of consideration we ultimately receive varies depending upon the return terms, sales rebates, discounts, and other incentives that we may offer, which are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the amount of revenue to recognize. the estimate of variable consideration requires significant judgment. we include estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. the estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely upon an assessment of historical payment experience, historical relationship to revenues, estimated customer inventory levels, and current contract sales terms with direct and indirect customers. product returns are typically not significant because returns are generally not allowed unless the product is damaged at time of receipt. if the historical data and inventory estimates used to calculate the variable consideration do not approximate future activity, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows could be impacted.
in addition, in limited circumstances, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products, such as for next-generation product offerings. for these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount of product to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls, and variation in product utilization all affect the estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates.
our sales adjustment related to distributor rebates given to our united states distributors represents the difference between our sales price to the distributor and the negotiated price to be paid by the end-customer. we validate the distributor rebate accrual quarterly through either a review of the inventory reports obtained from our distributors or an estimate of the distributor's inventory. this distributor inventory information is used to verify the estimated liability for future distributor rebate claims based on historical rebates and contract rates. we periodically monitor current pricing trends and distributor inventory levels to ensure the credit for future distributor rebates is fairly stated.
excess and obsolete inventory the valuation of our inventory requires us to estimate excess, obsolete, and expired inventory. we base our provisions for excess, obsolete, and expired inventory on our estimates of forecasted sales. a significant change in the timing or level of demand for our products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional allowances for excess, obsolete, and expired inventory in the future. in addition, our industry is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product introductions. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls, increasing levels of consigned inventory, and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to excess, obsolete, and expired inventory.
intangible assets and long-lived assets we acquire intangible assets in connection with business combinations and asset purchases. the acquired intangible assets are recorded at fair value, which is determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis. the determination of fair value requires significant estimates, including, but not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to discount those cash flows, the assessment of the asset's life cycle, including the timing and expected costs to complete in-process projects, and the consideration of legal, technical, regulatory, economic, and competitive risks.
in-process research and development assets acquired in business combinations is reviewed for impairment annually, or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. additionally, management reviews the carrying amounts of other intangible and long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of an asset may not be recoverable. the impairment reviews require significant estimates about fair value, including estimation of future cash flows, selection of an appropriate discount rate, and estimates of long-term growth rates.
contingent consideration we record contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. we determine the fair value of the contingent consideration based primarily on the following factors:
•discount rates used to present value the projected cash flows;
•the probability of success of clinical events and regulatory approvals, and/or meeting commercial milestones;
•projected payment dates; and
•volatility of future sales.
on a quarterly basis, we revalue these obligations and record changes in their fair value as an adjustment to earnings. changes to contingent consideration obligations can result from adjustments to discount rates, accretion of the discount rates due to the passage of time, changes in our estimates of the likelihood or timing of achieving development or commercial milestones, changes in the probability of certain clinical events, or changes in the assumed probability associated with regulatory approval.
the assumptions related to determining the value of contingent consideration include a significant amount of judgment, and any changes in the underlying estimates could have a material impact on the amount of contingent consideration expense recorded in any given period.
income taxes the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. realization of certain deferred tax assets, primarily tax credits, net operating loss and other carryforwards, is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. failure to achieve forecasted taxable income in the applicable taxing jurisdictions could affect the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets and could result in an increase in our effective tax rate on future earnings.
we have made an accounting policy election to recognize the united states tax effects of global intangible low-taxed income as a component of income tax expense in the period the tax arises.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our income tax returns are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income amongst various tax jurisdictions. we evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions, including estimating the ultimate resolution to intercompany pricing controversies between countries when there are numerous possible outcomes. we review these tax uncertainties quarterly and adjust the liability as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as the progress of tax audits, lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law.
for additional details on our income taxes, see note 2 and note 17 to the "consolidated financial statements."
stock-based compensation we measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based awards based on estimated fair values. stock-based awards consist of stock options, service-based restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, and employee stock purchase subscriptions. the fair value of each option award and employee stock purchase subscription is estimated on the date of grant using the black-scholes option valuation model. the fair value of market-based restricted stock units is determined using a monte carlo simulation model, which uses multiple input variables to determine the probability of satisfying the market condition requirements. the black-scholes and monte carlo models require various highly judgmental assumptions, including stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected option term. stock-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures. judgment is required in estimating the stock awards that will ultimately be forfeited. if actual results differ significantly from these estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations would be impacted.
legal contingencies we are or may be a party to, or may otherwise be responsible for, pending or threatened lawsuits, including those related to products and services currently or formerly manufactured or performed by us, workplace and employment matters, matters involving real estate, our operations or health care regulations, or governmental investigations. we accrue for loss contingencies to the extent that we conclude that it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. if a reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss cannot be made, but a range of probable losses can be estimated, the low-end of the range of losses is recognized if no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other. if we determine that a loss is possible, but not probable, and the range of the loss can be reasonably determined, then we disclose the range of the possible loss. these matters raise difficult and complex factual and legal issues and are subject to many uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the facts and circumstances of each particular case or claim, the jurisdiction in which each suit is brought, and differences in applicable law. as such, significant judgment is required in determining our legal accruals. we describe our legal proceedings in note 18 to the "consolidated financial statements."
new accounting standards information regarding new accounting standards is included in note 2 to the "consolidated financial statements."
