item 1a.risk factors in addition to the other information in this form 10-k, the following factors should be considered in evaluating our business. our operating results depend upon many factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. the material risks and uncertainties known to us which may cause our operating results to vary from anticipated results or which may negatively affect our operating results and profitability are as follows:
company specific risks operational risks products that we sell may expose us to potential material liability for property damage, environmental damage, personal injury, or death linked to the use of those products by our customers. some of our customers operate in challenging industries where there is a material risk of catastrophic events. we are actively seeking to expand our sales to certain categories of customers, some of whose businesses may entail heightened levels of such risk. if any of these events are linked to the use by our customers of any of our products, claims could be brought against us by those customers, by governmental authorities, and by third parties who are injured or damaged as a result of such events. in addition, our reputation could be adversely affected by negative publicity surrounding such events regardless of whether or not claims against us are successful. while we maintain insurance coverage to mitigate a portion of this risk and may have recourse against our suppliers for losses arising out of defects in products procured from them, we could experience significant losses as a result of claims made against us to the extent adequate insurance is not in place, the products are manufactured by us or legal recourse against our suppliers is otherwise not available, or our insurers or suppliers are unwilling or unable to satisfy their obligations to us.
our ability to successfully attract and retain qualified personnel to staff our selling locations could impact labor costs, sales at existing selling locations, and the successful execution of our growth drivers. our success depends in part on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, including inside and outside branch associates, onsite managers, national account sales representatives, and support personnel, who understand and appreciate our culture and are able to adequately represent this culture to our customers. qualified individuals of the requisite caliber and number needed to fill these positions may be in short supply in some areas, and the turnover rate in the industry is high, particularly for less tenured employees. if we are unable to hire and retain personnel capable of consistently providing a high level of customer service, as demonstrated by their enthusiasm for our culture and product knowledge, our sales could be materially adversely affected. additionally, competition for qualified employees could require us to pay higher wages to attract a sufficient number of employees. an inability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified individuals in the future may also delay the planned expansion of our various selling channels.
cyber security incidents, or violations of data privacy laws and regulations, could cause us to experience certain operational interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, become subject to legal or regulatory proceedings, or suffer damage to our reputation in the marketplace. the nature of our business requires us to receive, retain, and transmit certain personally identifying information that our customers provide to purchase products or services, register on our websites, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. while we have taken and continue to undertake significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information, a compromise of our data security systems or those of businesses we interact with could result in information related to our customers or business being obtained by unauthorized persons. we develop and update processes and maintain systems in an effort to try to prevent such unauthorized access, and have established and maintained disclosure controls and procedures that would permit us to make accurate and timely disclosures of any material event, including any cyber security event. the development and maintenance of these processes and systems are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. consequently, despite our efforts, the possibility of cyber security incidents cannot be eliminated entirely. there can be no assurance that we will not experience a cyber security incident that may materially impact our consolidated financial statements. while we also seek to obtain assurances that third parties we interact with will protect confidential information, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held or accessed by third parties may be compromised. if a compromise of our data security were to occur, it could interrupt our operations, subject us to additional legal, regulatory, and operating costs, and damage our reputation in the marketplace. in addition, regulatory authorities have increased their focus on how companies collect, process, use, store, share, and transmit personal data. new privacy security laws and regulations, including the european union general data protection regulation 2016, the california consumer protection act, and other similar state privacy laws, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges, which may increase compliance costs, and any failure to comply with data privacy laws and regulations could result in significant penalties.
interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems or the inability to maintain or upgrade our information systems, or convert to alternate systems in a timely and efficient manner, could disrupt operations, cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues, and result in less efficient operations. the proper functioning of our information systems is critical to many aspects of our business and we could be adversely affected if we experience a disruption or data loss relating to our information systems and are unable to recover in a timely manner. our information systems are protected with robust backup systems and processes, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities. still, information systems are vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, unauthorized access, telecommunication failures, and other problems. in addition, certain software used by us is licensed from, and certain services related to our information systems are provided by, third parties who could choose to discontinue their products or services or their relationship with us. it is also possible that we are unable to improve, upgrade, maintain, and expand our information systems. our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses, and maintain the security of company and customer data, as well as the success of our growth drivers, is dependent in varying degrees on the effective and timely operation and support of our information technology systems. if critical information systems fail or these systems or related software or services are otherwise unavailable, or if we experience extended delays or unexpected expenses in securing, developing, and otherwise implementing technology solutions to support our growth and operations, it could adversely affect our profitability and/or ability to grow.
the ability to adequately protect our intellectual property or successfully defend against infringement claims by others may have an adverse impact on operations. our business relies on the use, validity and continued protection of certain proprietary information and intellectual property, which includes current and future patents, trade secrets, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, and confidentiality agreements as well as license and sublicense agreements to use intellectual property owned by affiliated entities or third parties. unauthorized use of our intellectual property by others could result in harm to various aspects of the business and may result in costly and protracted litigation in order to protect our rights. in addition, we may be subject to claims that we have infringed on the intellectual property rights of others, which could subject us to liability, require us to obtain licenses to use those rights at significant cost or otherwise cause us to modify our operations.
changes in customer or product mix, downward pressure on sales prices, and changes in volume or timing of orders have caused and could cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline in the future. changes in our customer or product mix have caused our gross profit percentage to decline and could cause our gross profit percentage to further fluctuate or decline. for example, the portion of our sales attributable to fasteners has been decreasing for approximately twenty-five years. that has adversely affected our gross profit percentage as our non-fastener products generally carry lower gross profit margins than our fastener products. similarly, in recent years, revenues from national accounts and/or onsite customers, which typically have lower gross profit margins by virtue of their scale, available business, and broader offering of products which typically have lower gross margins, have tended to grow faster than revenues from smaller customers. however, whether and to what extent this adverse mix impact will result in a decline of our gross profit percentage in any given year will depend on the extent to which they are, or are not, offset by positive impacts to gross profit margin during such year. for instance, in 2020, our gross profit margin declined significantly as the pandemic generated significant sales of certain products, such as ppe and sanitizer, that have traditionally lower gross profit margins. conversely, as business conditions normalized in 2021, sales of these products declined versus the prior year, which more than offset our traditional mix-related margin pressure and resulted in improvement of our gross profit margin. setting aside these or other unusual circumstances, however, customer and product mix have contributed to the decline in our gross profit percentage over time and will likely continue to affect our gross profit percentage into the foreseeable future. other variables that could cause our gross margin to decline include downward pressure on sales prices, changes in the volume or timing of our orders, and/or an inability to pass higher product costs on to customers. we can experience downward pressure on sales prices as a result of deflation, pressure from customers to reduce costs, or increased competition. reductions in our volume of purchases can adversely impact gross profit by reducing supplier volume allowances. we may not be able to pass rising product costs to customers if those customers have ready product or supplier alternatives in the marketplace.
our operating and administrative expenses could grow more rapidly than net sales which could result in failure to achieve our goals related to leveraging revenue growth into higher net earnings. over time, we have generally experienced an increase in our operating and administrative expenses, including costs related to payroll, occupancy, freight, and information technology, among others, as our net sales have grown. however, historically, a portion of these expenses has not increased at the same rates as net sales, allowing us to leverage our growth and sustain or expand our operating profit margins. there are various scenarios where we may not be able to continue to achieve this leverage as we have been able to do in the past. for instance, it is typical that when demand declines, most commonly from cyclical or general market factors (though it could be due to customer losses or some other company-specific event), our operating and administrative expenses do not fall as quickly as net sales. it is also possible that in the future we will elect to make investments in operating and administrative expenses that would result in costs growing faster than net sales. in addition, market variables, such as labor rates, energy costs, and legal costs, could move in such a way as to cause us to not be able to manage our operating and administrative expenses in a way that would enable us to leverage our revenue growth into higher net earnings. should any of these scenarios, or a combination of them, occur in the future, it is possible that our operating and pre-tax profit margins could decline even if we are able to grow revenue.
failure to implement an effective environmental, social, and governance (esg) strategy could result in financial losses or a tarnished corporate reputation. customers, suppliers, employees, community partners, shareholders, and regulatory agencies are increasingly requesting disclosure and action relating to esg performance and objectives. for instance, over the last five years we have included shareholder proposals in our proxy statement seeking specific actions around social and governance policy and reporting. we have also seen an increase in customer requests for information pertaining to diversity and environmental policy, including that our scores with various third-party esg rating organizations achieve a certain threshold.
an inability to satisfactorily address the concerns of our stakeholders could adversely affect our corporate reputation, image, identity, brand equity, and status, which in turn could hurt our ability to retain and acquire customers and employees or negatively impact the price performance of our common stock. increasing reporting and operational regulations around esg matters may result in higher operating expenses and/or capital expenditures that could reduce our profitability and/or cash flow.
failure to maintain an effective system of internal controls over business processes and/or financial reporting could materially impact our business and results. company management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of objectives relating to operations, reporting, and compliance. any internal control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. because of the inherent limitations in all internal control systems, internal control over business processes and financial reporting may not prevent or detect fraud or misstatements. any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over business processes and financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud, and could expose us to litigation, economic loss or adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
we may be unable to meet our goals regarding the growth drivers of our business. our sales growth is dependent primarily on our ability to attract new customers and increase our activity with existing customers within north america and abroad. in recent years, we have increased the resources devoted to our growth drivers, including fmi, onsites, national accounts, digital solutions, and our international operations. while we have taken steps to build momentum in the growth drivers of our business, we cannot assure you those steps will lead to sales growth. failure to achieve any of our goals regarding fmi, onsites, national accounts, digital solutions, and international operations, or other growth drivers could negatively impact our long-term sales growth. in fact, the covid-19 pandemic has made gaining access to customers more challenging due to both alternative work arrangements to manage risk of infection in workplaces and due to shifts in priorities to short-term crisis management and away from long-term strategic planning. this has resulted in our signings of onsites and fmi installations, both important indicators of future sales growth, to be below target levels in 2020 and 2021. further, failure to identify appropriate targets for our onsite channel and fmi tools or failure to persuade the appropriate targets to adopt these offerings once identified may adversely impact our goals regarding the number of new onsite locations we are able to open or the number of fmi installations we are able to deploy.
our competitive advantage in fmi solutions, which includes industrial vending (fastvend) and bin stock (faststock and fastbin) tools could be eliminated and, in the case of fastvend, the loss of key suppliers of equipment and services could be impactful and result in failure to deploy devices. we believe we have a competitive advantage in industrial vending and bin stock due to our hardware and software, our local branch presence (allowing us to service devices and bins more rapidly and with less burden on our customers), our depth of products that lend themselves to being dispensed through industrial vending devices or bin stocks, and, in north america, our distribution strength. these advantages have developed over time; however, other competitors could respond to our expanding industrial vending and bin stock position with highly competitive platforms of their own. such competition could negatively impact our ability to expand our industrial vending and bin stock tools or negatively impact the economics of that business. in addition, we currently rely on a limited number of suppliers for the vending devices used in our fastvend platform. while these devices, software, and services can be obtained from other sources, loss of our current suppliers could be disruptive and could result in us failing to meet our goals related to the number of devices we are able to deploy in the next twelve to eighteen months. in addition, as we experienced in 2020 and 2021, our ability to deploy our fmi solutions at targeted levels could be limited by events similar to the covid-19 pandemic if customers shift their energy to addressing short-term disruptions instead of long-term strategic planning.
the ability to identify new products and product lines, and integrate them into our selling locations and distribution network, may impact our ability to compete, our ability to generate additional sales, and our profit margins. our success depends in part on our ability to develop product expertise at the selling location level and identify future products and product lines that complement existing products and product lines and that respond to our customers' needs. we may not be able to compete effectively unless our product selection keeps up with trends in the markets in which we compete or trends in new products. in addition, our ability to integrate new products and product lines into our branches and distribution network could impact sales and profit margins.
we may not be able to compete effectively against traditional or non-traditional competitors, which could cause us to lose market share or erode our gross and/or operating income profit and/or percentage. the industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry, although slowly consolidating, still remains a large, fragmented, and highly competitive industry. our current or future competitors may include companies with similar or greater market presence, name recognition, and financial, marketing, technological, and other resources, and we believe they will continue to challenge us with their product selection, financial resources, technological advancements, and services. increased competition from brick-and-mortar retailers could cause us to lose market share, reduce our prices, or increase our spending. similarly, the emergence of on-line retailers, whether as extensions of our traditional competition or in the form of major, non-traditional competitors, could result in easier and quicker price discovery and the adoption of aggressive pricing strategies and sales methods. these pressures could have the effect of eroding our gross and/or operating income profit and/or percentage over time.
our inability to attract or transition key executive officers may divert the attention of other members of our senior leadership and adversely impact our existing operations. our success depends on the efforts and abilities of our key executive officers and senior leadership. in the event of voluntary or involuntary vacancies in our executive team in the future, the extent to which there is disruption in the oversight and/or leadership of our business will depend on our ability to either transition internal, talented individuals or recruit suitable replacements to serve in these roles. in addition, difficulties in smoothly implementing any transition to new members of our executive team, or recruiting suitable replacements, could divert the attention of other members of our senior leadership team from our existing operations.
we may not be successful in integrating acquisitions and achieving intended benefits and synergies. we have completed several acquisitions of businesses in recent years. we expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions that we believe will either expand or complement our business in new or existing markets or further enhance the value and offerings we are able to provide to our existing or future potential customers. acquisitions involve numerous risks and challenges, including, among others, a risk of potential loss of key employees of an acquired business, inability to achieve identified operating and financial synergies anticipated to result from an acquisition, diversion of our capital and our management's attention from other business issues, and risks related to the integration of the acquired business including unanticipated changes in our business, our industry, or general economic conditions that affect the assumptions underlying the acquisition. any one or more of these factors could cause us to not realize the benefits anticipated to result from the acquisitions.
equity risks there can be no assurance that our stock price will continue to reflect the current multiple of earnings over time. stock prices, including ours, are commonly thought to be a function of earnings compounded by a multiple. this is often referred to as a price-to-earnings (or p/e) ratio. historically, investors have given our earnings a higher multiple, or premium, than is typical of the broader industrial sector of which we are typically associated. we believe we have earned this premium by virtue of a long history of superior growth, profitability, and returns. however, to the extent that we fail to successfully execute our growth strategies and/or poorly navigate the risks that surround our business, including those described throughout this section, or to the extent our industry (industrial distribution, or industrial stocks in general) loses favor in the marketplace, there can be no assurance that investors will continue to afford a premium multiple to our earnings which could adversely affect our stock price.
we cannot provide any guaranty of future dividend payments or that we will continue to purchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our share purchase program. although our board of directors has historically authorized the payment of quarterly cash dividends on our common stock and indicated an intention to do so in the future, there are no assurances that we will continue to pay dividends in the future or continue to increase dividends at historic rates. in addition, although our board of directors has authorized share purchase programs and we purchased shares in 2020, 2018, and prior years through these programs, we may discontinue doing so at any time. any decision to continue to pay quarterly dividends on our common stock, to increase those dividends, or to purchase our common stock in the future will be based upon our financial condition and results of operations, the price of our common stock, credit conditions, and such other factors as are deemed relevant by our board of directors.
general economic and operating risks operational risks a downturn in the economy or in the principal markets served by us and other factors may affect customer spending, which could harm our operating results. in general, our sales represent spending on discretionary items or consumption needs by our customers. this spending is affected by many factors, including, among others:
•general business conditions,
•business conditions in our principal markets,
•interest rates,
•inflation,
•liquidity in credit markets,
•taxation,
•government regulations and actions,
•energy and fuel prices and electrical power rates,
•unemployment trends,
•terrorist attacks and acts of war,
•impact of higher sustained global temperatures (global warming)
•acts of god, which may include, but are not limited to, weather events, earthquakes, pandemics, etc., and
•other matters that influence customer confidence and spending.
a downturn in either the national or local economy where we operate, or in the principal markets served by us, or changes in any of the other factors described above, could negatively impact sales at our in-market locations, sales through our other selling channels, and the level of profitability of those in-market locations and other selling channels.
this risk was demonstrated in 2021. as economic confidence and general business conditions recovered from the covid-related downturn in 2020, spending for industrial supplies to companies engaged in construction and the manufacture of components, capital goods, and heavy equipment expanded sharply. this produced a resumption of growth in key cyclical product lines, such as fasteners, that had declined the preceding year (only partly offset by reduced sales of covid-related supplies to government, healthcare, and warehousing customers). at the same time, we believe our growth was restrained by other economic factors. these include: (1) difficulty adding labor resources, potentially due to low unemployment, concerns about the pandemic, and government stimulus support; (2) supply chain disruption due to constraints for certain raw material and component availability, production capacity, shipping capacity, and labor availability; and (3) the impact of inflation for raw materials, manufactured components, transportation services, and labor. these trends were evident throughout 2021.
products manufactured in foreign countries may cease to be available, which could adversely affect our inventory levels and operating results. we obtain certain of our products, and our suppliers obtain certain of their products, from china, taiwan, south korea, and other foreign countries. our suppliers could discontinue selling products manufactured in foreign countries at any time for reasons that may or may not be in our control or our suppliers' control, including foreign government regulations, domestic government regulations, disruption in trade relationships and agreements, political unrest, war, disease, or changes in local economic conditions. additionally, the shipment of goods from foreign countries could be delayed by container shipping companies encountering financial, capacity, or other difficulties. we experienced this in 2021 as a lack of shipping and labor capacity, caused primarily by the strong recovery in global product demand but exacerbated by continued pandemic-related workforce disruption, constrained our ability to efficiently import supplies and increased shipping costs significantly. our operating results and inventory levels could suffer if we are unable to promptly replace a supplier or shipper who is unwilling or unable to satisfy our requirements with another supplier or shipper providing products and services of comparable quality and utility.
trade policies could make sourcing product from overseas more difficult and/or more costly, and could adversely impact our gross and/or operating profit percentage. we source a significant amount of the products we sell from outside of north america, primarily asia. we have made significant structural investments over time to be able to source both directly from asia through our wholly-owned, asia-based subsidiary, fastco trading co., ltd. and indirectly from suppliers that procure product from international sources. this was initially necessary due to the absence of significant domestic fastener production, but over time we have expanded our non-fastener sourcing as well, and at this time it may be difficult to adjust our sourcing in the short term. in light of this, changes in trade policies could affect our sourcing operations, our ability to secure sufficient product to serve our customers and/or impact the cost or price of our products, with potentially adverse impacts on our gross and operating profit percentages and financial results. china represents a significant source of product for north america. in addition, we move and source products within north america. any trading disruption (tariffs, product restrictions, etc.) between canada, the united states, and mexico, or disruption in their respective trading relationships with other nations can adversely impact our business. there can be no assurances that these disruptions will not continue or increase in the future, with the previously mentioned countries or additional countries with which we do business. the degree to which these changes in the global marketplace affect our financial results will be influenced by the specific details of the changes in trade policies, their timing and duration, and our effectiveness in deploying tools to address these issues.
changes in energy costs and the cost of raw materials used in our products could impact our net sales, cost of sales, gross profit percentage, distribution expenses, and occupancy expenses, which may result in lower operating income. costs of raw materials used in our products (e.g., steel, plastic) and energy costs can fluctuate significantly over time. increases in these costs result in increased production costs for our suppliers. these suppliers typically look to pass their increased costs along to us through price increases. the fuel costs of our distribution and branch operations have fluctuated as well. this was a meaningful issue in 2021, when costs for metals, particularly steel, fuels, and overseas shipping services increased sharply to reflect strong demand, and labor constraints. while we typically try to pass higher supplier prices and fuel costs through to our customers or to modify our activities to mitigate the impact, including in 2021, we may not be successful, particularly if supplier prices or fuel costs rise rapidly. failure to fully pass any such increased prices and costs through to our customers or to modify our activities to mitigate the impact would have an adverse effect on our operating income. while increases in the cost of fuel or raw materials could be damaging to us, decreases in those costs, particularly if severe, could also adversely impact us by creating deflation in selling prices, which could cause our gross profit to decline, or by negatively impacting customers in certain industries, which could cause our sales to those customers to decline.
our current estimates of total market potential as well as the market potential of our business strategies could be incorrect. we believe we have a significant opportunity for growth based on our belief that north american market demand for the products we sell is estimated to exceed $140 billion. this figure is not derived from an independent organization or data source that aggregates and publishes widely agreed-upon demand and market share statistics. instead, we have identified this figure based on our own experience in the marketplace for our products and by evaluating estimates from other sources. if we have overestimated the size of our market, and in doing so, underestimated our current share of it, the size of our opportunity for growth may not be as significant as we currently believe. similarly, we have provided estimates of the opportunities we have with some of our specific growth strategies, such as fmi solutions and onsite locations. within north america, we believe the potential market opportunity for industrial vending is approximately 1.7 million devices and we have identified over 15,000 customer locations with the potential to implement our onsite service model within our traditional manufacturing and construction customer base. we have identified additional markets, such as government, healthcare, and academia, and geographies into which we can sell our fmi solutions, which would increase the number of identified potential fmi solutions or customer locations. however, our presence in emerging markets and geographies is not as established as is the case in our traditional markets and geographies, which could extend the sales cycle. similar to the case for total market size, we use our own experience and data to arrive at the size of these potential opportunities and not independent sources. these estimates are based on our business model today, and the introduction or expansion of other business strategies, such as on-line retailing, could cause them to change. in addition, the market potential of a particular business strategy may vary from expectations due to a change in the marketplace (such as changes in customer concentration or needs), a change in the nature of that business strategy, or weaker than anticipated acceptance by customers of that business strategy. we cannot guarantee that our market potential estimates are accurate or that we will ultimately decide to expand our industrial vending or onsite service models as we anticipate to reach the full market opportunity.
the ongoing occurrence of the covid-19 pandemic, or any other such widespread public health crisis, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. the onset of the covid-19 pandemic in early 2020 impacted our business due to government authorities and customers imposing facility closures, work-from-home orders, social distancing protocols, and/or other restrictions. these actions had both positive (strong sales of safety and sanitation supplies to government, healthcare and warehousing customers) and negative (weak sales to industrial and construction customers as well as disruption in signings of onsites and fmi devices) effects. in 2021, though the pandemic continued to impact united states and world populations in the form of high infection and hospitalization rates, including from new variants of covid-19, this effect on our business and financial condition was secondary to the re-opening and recovery of the global economy. even so, the continued public health concerns resulting from the covid-19 pandemic continue to create significant uncertainty, economic disruption, and volatility, all of which have impacted and may continue to impact our business. we may be required to take significant actions to mitigate future outbreaks, including, but not limited to, facility closures and work-from-home policies, and/or customer activity may be affected by their own mitigation actions. this could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. however, as we cannot predict the severity and duration of the pandemic, including additional outbreaks, new variants of the virus, and the future availability of effective medical treatments and vaccines, the net financial impact to our operating results cannot be reasonably estimated.
inclement weather and other disruptions to the transportation network could adversely impact our distribution system and demand for our products. our ability to provide efficient distribution of core business products to our branch network is an integral component of our overall business strategy. disruptions at distribution centers or shipping ports may affect our ability to both maintain core products in inventory and deliver products to our customers on a timely basis, which may in turn adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, severe weather conditions could adversely affect demand for our products in particularly hard hit regions.
the industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry is consolidating, which could cause it to become more competitive and could negatively impact our market share, gross profit, and operating income. the industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry in north america is consolidating. this consolidation is being driven by customer needs and supplier capabilities, which could cause the industry to become more competitive as greater economies of scale are achieved by suppliers, or as competitors with new business models are willing and able to operate with lower gross profit on select products. customers are increasingly aware of the total costs of fulfillment and of the need to have consistent sources of supply at multiple locations. we believe these customer needs could result in fewer suppliers as the remaining suppliers become larger and capable of being a consistent source of supply.
there can be no assurance we will be able in the future to take effective advantage of the trend toward consolidation. the trend in our industry toward consolidation could make it more difficult for us to maintain our current gross profit and operating income. furthermore, as our industrial customers face increased foreign competition, and potentially lose business to foreign competitors or shift their operations overseas in an effort to reduce expenses, we may face increased difficulty in growing and maintaining our market share.
we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and changes in foreign exchange rates could increase the cost of purchasing products and impact our foreign sales. given that we were founded and remain based in the united states and that we are publicly-traded in the united states, we report our results based on the united states dollar. because the functional currency related to most of our non-united states operations is the applicable local currency, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk arising from transactions in the normal course of business. fluctuations in the relative strength of foreign economies and their related currencies could adversely impact our ability to procure products at competitive prices and our foreign sales. historically, our primary exchange rate exposure has been with the canadian dollar. there can be no assurance that currency exchange rate fluctuations with the canadian dollar and other foreign currencies will not adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. while the use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with protection from adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, we are not currently using these instruments and we have not historically hedged this exposure. if we decide to do so in the future, we could potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
legal, regulatory, and compliance risks our business is subject to a wide array of operating laws and regulations in every jurisdiction where we operate. compliance with these laws and regulations increases the cost of doing business and failure to comply could result in the imposition of fines or penalties and the termination of contracts. we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations including without limitation; import and export requirements, anti-bribery and corruption laws, product compliance laws, environmental laws, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, advertising regulations, data privacy (including in the u.s., the california consumer privacy act, and in the european union, the general data protection regulation 2016, with interpretations varying from state to state and country to country) and cyber security requirements (including protection of information and incident responses), regulations on suppliers regarding the sources of supplies or products, labor and employment laws, and anti-competition regulations. in addition, as a supplier to federal, state, and local government agencies, we must comply with certain laws and regulations relating specifically to the formation, administration, and performance of our governmental contracts. we are also subject to governmental audits and inquiries in the normal course of business. ongoing audit activity and changes to the legal and regulatory environments could increase the cost of doing business, and such costs may increase in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation. while we have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations, or our policies. any such violations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, damage to our reputation, and, in the case of laws and regulations relating specifically to governmental contracts, the loss of those contracts.
tax laws and regulations require compliance efforts that can increase our cost of doing business and changes to these laws and regulations could impact financial results. we are subject to a variety of tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. maintaining compliance with these laws can increase our cost of doing business and failure to comply could result in audits or the imposition of fines or penalties. further, our future effective tax rates in any of these jurisdictions could be affected, positively or negatively, by changing tax priorities, changes in statutory rates, and/or changes in tax laws or the interpretation thereof. the most significant recent example of this is the comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the tax act), which was enacted in the united states in december 2017. however, in september 2021, the ways and means committee of the united states house of representatives published tax proposals that, if ultimately enacted as proposed, could result in higher tax payments as a result of higher corporate tax rates and higher taxes on earnings from foreign jurisdictions.
changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates, and judgements by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results or financial condition. u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, such as asset impairment, inventories, lease obligations, self-insurance, vendor allowances, tax matters, business combinations, and legal matters, are complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates, and judgments. changes in accounting standards or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments, could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition. the implementation of new accounting standards could also require certain systems, internal process, internal control, and other changes that could increase our operating costs.
credit and liquidity risks tight credit markets could impact our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms or increase the cost of existing or future financing and interest rate fluctuations could adversely impact our results. as of december 31, 2021, we had $390.0 of outstanding debt obligations, of which $365.0 is senior unsecured promissory notes issued under our master note agreement (the master note agreement), while $25.0 is loans outstanding under our revolving credit facility (the credit facility). loans under the credit facility bear interest at a rate per annum based on the london interbank offered rate (libor) and mature on november 30, 2023. the notes issued under our master note agreement consist of seven series and are described in further detail in note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included later in this form 10-k.
during periods of volatility and disruption in the united states credit markets, financing may become more costly and more difficult to obtain. this was a factor most recently in 2020. the turmoil that came with the onset of the covid-19 pandemic did not have a significant adverse impact on our liquidity or borrowing costs given our low level of indebtedness at that time. however, the availability of funds tightened and credit spreads on corporate debt increased. we currently have the capacity under our credit facility and master note agreement to increase borrowings in the future. if credit market volatility were to return, the cost of servicing any existing balances on our credit facility at that time could increase due to the libor-based interest rate provided for under our credit facility. on march 5, 2021, the u.k. financial conduct authority announced that immediately after december 31, 2021, publication of certain libor settings would permanently cease, with most other libor settings, including 1 month, 3 month, and 6 month libor settings ceasing on june 30, 2023. our credit facility currently uses libor as a reference rate, and, while there are customary libor replacement provisions in our credit facility, the transition to alternatives to libor could be modestly disruptive to the credit markets. we are currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on our consolidated financial statements. in addition, borrowing additional amounts to finance stock purchases, dividends, capital expenditures, and other liquidity needs or to refinance our existing indebtedness could be difficult and the cost of doing so could be high.
item 7.management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is management's discussion and analysis of certain significant factors which have affected our financial position and operating results during the periods included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and should be read in conjunction with those consolidated financial statements. this section of this 10-k generally discusses 2021 and 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020. discussions of 2019 items and year-to-date comparisons between 2020 and 2019 that are not included in this form 10-k, can be found in 'management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations' in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020. italicized discussions throughout item 7 of this form 10-k indicate discussions of financial condition and results of operations in 2020.
business and operational overview fastenal is a north american leader in the wholesale distribution of industrial and construction supplies. we distribute these supplies through a network of over 3,200 in-market locations. most of our customers are in the manufacturing and non-residential construction markets. the manufacturing market includes sales of products for both original equipment manufacturing (oem), where our products are consumed in the final products of our customers, and manufacturing, repair and operations (mro), where are products are consumed to support the facilities and ongoing operations of our customers. the non-residential construction market includes general, electrical, plumbing, sheet metal, and road contractors. other users of our products include farmers, truckers, railroads, oil exploration companies, oil production and refinement companies, mining companies, federal, state, and local governmental entities, schools, and certain retail trades. geographically, our branches, onsite locations, and customers are primarily located in north america.
it is helpful to appreciate several aspects of our marketplace: (1) it's big. we estimate the north american marketplace for industrial supplies is in excess of $140 billion per year (and we have expanded beyond north america) and no company has a significant portion of this market. (2) many of the products we sell are individually inexpensive, but the cost and time to manage, procure, and transport these products can be quite meaningful. (3) purchasing professionals often expend disproportionate effort managing the high stock keeping unit (sku) count of low-volume, low value mro supplies which is better allocated to their higher volume, higher value oem supplies. (4) many customers prefer to reduce their number of suppliers to simplify their business, while also utilizing various technologies and models (including our local branches when they need something quickly or unexpectedly) to improve availability and reduce waste. (5) we believe the markets are efficient. in our view, this means that companies that grow market share are those that develop differentiated capabilities that provide the greatest value to the customer.
our approach to addressing these aspects of our marketplace is captured in our motto where industry meets innovationtm. the concept of growth is simple: find more customers every day and increase our activity with them. however, execution is hard work. first, we recruit service-minded individuals to support customers and empower them to operate in a decentralized fashion to maximize their flexibility to solve customer problems. we support these customer-facing resources with a supply chain capability that is speedy, efficient, and cost-effective. this has formed the foundation of our high-touch model since inception. second, we invest in, develop, and deploy capabilities that allow us to illuminate and provide greater control over a customer's supply chain. these capabilities range from service models that take advantage of our local presence and/or our ability to more efficiently manage complex procurement needs, to hardware and software technologies that promote actionable data capture, improve operating efficiencies and reduce supply chain risk. third, we strive to generate strong profits, which produce the cash flow necessary to support our growth, our product and technology development, and the needs of our customers.
the ultimate aim of this 'high-tech, high-touch' approach to gaining market share is to allow us to get closer to our customers, going so far as to be right to the point of consumption within customers' facilities. marrying our presence, capabilities and technologies deepens our relationships and our understanding of our customers' day-to-day opportunities and obstacles. this, in turn, enhances our ability to provide innovative and comprehensive solutions to our customers' challenges. by doing these things every day, fastenal remains a growth-centric organization.
impact of covid-19 on our business in the second quarter of 2020, the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on our business were dramatic in two respects. first, local and national actions taken, such as stay-at-home mandates, reduced business activity sharply as many customers either closed their locations or operated at significantly diminished capacity. this effect was illustrated in a significant decline in sales for our fastener products. second, social actions taken to mitigate the effects of the pandemic produced significant demand for personal protection equipment (ppe) and sanitation products, generating significant sales of such products not only to certain traditional customers but also to state and local government entities as well as front line responders. this effect was illustrated by a significant increase in sales for our safety products. during that period, improved sales of ppe and sanitation products more than offset the general economic weakness. these dynamics affected our business throughout the second quarter of 2020, but the effects were greatest in april, with sequential improvements in may and june as business restrictions gradually eased.
the pandemic continued to have a significant impact on our business in the third and fourth quarters of 2020. the marketplace broadly, and fastenal specifically, continued to operate with certain modifications to balance re-opening with employee and customer safety. however, most of the markets in which we operate began to normalize in the second half of 2020. this improved the outlook of the manufacturing and construction customers that support our traditional branch and onsite business and moderated the level of demand for ppe and sanitation products that we experienced at the onset of the pandemic. the sequential gains in economic activity that we experienced in the latter part of the second quarter of 2020 continued through the third and fourth quarters of 2020.
in 2021, we saw several distinct business patterns, which mostly persisted throughout the period. first, economic normalization continued, resulting in strong demand from our traditional manufacturing and non-residential construction customers. second, the pandemic continued, with ebbs and flows in infections during the year. this resulted in businesses, including fastenal, continuing to take steps to promote workforce and customer health and safety. however, in contrast to the early part of 2020, the pandemic was not primarily responsible for plant shutdowns or production cuts; companies navigated the pandemic mostly without curtailing operations. third, this combination of strong demand coupled with ongoing adaptations to the pandemic resulted in a number of stresses accompanying economic growth: supply chain disruption, labor force constraints, and product and shipping inflation. as a result, while the economic backdrop was solid throughout 2021, satisfying customer demand was challenged by difficulty in procuring materials, retaining sufficient part- and full-time labor to service existing customers and acquire new ones, and offsetting inflation. we exited 2021 with each of those dynamics still largely intact.
at the height of the pandemic, and consistent with broader social trends, we took steps to safeguard the health of our employees and customers. this included closing facilities to outside personnel, adjusting work schedules, spaces and technologies to allow for social distancing, providing ample ppe and cleaning supplies, and having formal mitigation policies in the event of infection. these precautions allowed our operations to continue to function effectively. at the end of 2021, our operations were operating mostly normally, although we continue to practice social distancing within our facilities, make ppe and cleaning supplies available, and follow our mitigation policies when an infection is identified. the pandemic has not precipitated any issues with our internal controls, financial health, or liquidity, with substantially all of our $700.0 bank revolver available for use.
there remains significant uncertainty concerning the duration of the covid-19 pandemic as well as the severity of any future infection surges. as a result, future events deriving from covid-19 may negatively impact sales and gross margin due to, among other things: limitations on the ability of our suppliers to manufacture, or procure from manufacturers, the products we sell; an inability to meet delivery requirements and commitments; limitations on the ability of our employees to perform their work due to illness caused by the pandemic or local, state, or federal orders requiring employees to remain at home; limitations on the ability of carriers to deliver our products to customers; limitations on the ability of our customers to conduct their business and purchase our products and services; and limitations on the ability of our customers to pay us on a timely basis. we will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, suppliers, and shareholders. while we are unable to determine or predict the nature, duration, or scope of the overall impact the covid-19 pandemic will have on our business, results of operations, liquidity, or capital resources, we believe that it is important to share where our company stands today, how our response to covid-19 is progressing, and how our operations and financial condition may change as the fight against covid-19 progresses.
executive overview net sales increased $363.4, or 6.4%, in 2021 relative to 2020. our gross profit increased $209.5, or 8.2%, in 2021 relative to 2020, and as a percentage of net sales increased to 46.2% in 2021 from 45.5% in 2020. our operating income increased $75.6, or 6.6%, in 2021 relative to 2020, and as a percentage of net sales increased to 20.3% in 2021 from 20.2% in 2020.
our net earnings in 2021 were $925.0, an increase of 7.7% when compared to 2020. our diluted net earnings per share were $1.60 in 2021 compared to $1.49 in 2020, an increase of 7.4%.
the year 2021 was marked by a number of trends. favorably, we experienced strong demand from our traditional manufacturing and non-residential construction customers. unfavorably, we experienced disruption in supply chains and labor markets, exacerbated by periodic surges in covid-19 infections, as well as significant inflation in product and transportation costs. while these variables do present challenges with respect to having sufficient product availability, and cost of service, at this point the impact of covid-19 is primarily indirect through its influence on cyclical factors. the primary exception is in our ability to market our growth drivers, as many of our customers were focused on short-term crisis management over long-term strategic planning. as a result, the environment was not conducive to achieving the level of signings we would have expected under normal business conditions. these dynamics produced signings of 274 new onsite customer locations and 19,311 weighted fastbin/fastvend signings in 2021.
the table below summarizes our absolute and full-time equivalent (fte; based on 40 hours per week) employee headcount, our investments in in-market locations (defined as the sum of the total number of branch locations and the total number of active onsite locations), and weighted fmi at the end of the periods presented and the percentage change compared to the end of the prior period.
q4               q4                  twelve-month
2021             2020                      % change in-market locations - absolute employee headcount           12,464               12,680                   -1.7      %
in-market locations - fte employee headcount                11,337               11,260                    0.7      %
total absolute employee headcount                           20,507          20,365                         0.7      %
total fte employee headcount                                18,370               17,836                    3.0      %
number of branch locations                                   1,793                2,003                  -10.5      %
number of active onsite locations                            1,416                1,265                   11.9      %
number of in-market locations                                3,209                3,268                   -1.8      %
weighted fmi devices (meu installed count) (1)              92,874               83,951                   10.6      %
(1) this number excludes approximately 12,000 non-weighted devices that are part of our locker lease program.
during the last twelve months, we increased our total fte employee headcount by 534. this reflects an increase in our in-market and non-in-market selling fte employee headcount of 230 to support growth in the marketplace and sales initiatives targeting customer acquisition. we had an increase in our distribution center fte employee headcount of 149 to support increasing product throughput at our facilities and to expand our local inventory fulfillment terminals (lifts). we had an increase in our remaining fte employee headcount of 155 that relates primarily to personnel investments in information technology and operational support, such as purchasing and product development.
we opened two branches in the fourth quarter of 2021 and closed 68 branches, net of conversions. we activated 65 onsite locations in the fourth quarter of 2021 and closed 16, net of conversions. in 2021, we opened ten branches and closed 220, net of conversions. in 2021, we activated 242 onsite locations and closed 91, net of conversions. in any period, the number of closings tend to reflect both normal churn in our business, whether due to redefining or exiting customer relationships, the shutting or relocation of customer facilities that host our locations, or a customer decision, as well as our ongoing review of underperforming locations. our in-market network forms the foundation of our business strategy, and we will continue to open or close locations as is deemed necessary to sustain and improve our network, support our growth drivers, and manage our operating expenses.
results of operations the following sets forth consolidated statements of earnings information (as a percentage of net sales) for the periods ended december 31:
2021                      2020                      2019
net sales                                                                    100.0   %                 100.0   %                 100.0   %
gross profit                                                                  46.2   %                  45.5   %                  47.2   %
operating and administrative expenses                                         26.0   %                  25.3   %                  27.3   %
operating income                                                              20.3   %                  20.2   %                  19.8   %
net interest expense                                                          -0.2   %                  -0.2   %                  -0.3   %
earnings before income taxes                                                  20.1   %                  20.1   %                  19.6   %
note - amounts may not foot due to rounding difference.
net sales note - daily sales are defined as the total net sales for the period divided by the number of business days (in the united states) in the period. the table below sets forth net sales and daily sales for the periods ended december 31, and changes in such sales from the prior period to the more recent period:
2021                                                                                   2020                     2019
net sales                                             $6,010.9                  5,647.3                  5,333.7
percentage change                                          6.4   %                  5.9   %                  7.4   %
business days                                              253                      255                      254
daily sales                                              $23.8                     22.1                     21.0
percentage change                                          7.3   %                  5.5   %                  7.4   %
daily sales impact of currency fluctuations                0.6   %                 -0.1   %                 -0.3   %
daily sales impact of acquisitions                         0.0   %                  0.0   %                  0.1   %
the increase in net sales noted above for 2021 was due to higher unit sales of industrial products to traditional manufacturing and construction customers and higher pricing, only partly offset by lower pandemic-related ppe sales as the prior year's demand surge did not recur.
higher unit sales in 2021 were a result of strong economic activity which increased demand for our products to our traditional manufacturing and construction customers. although economic strength was fairly consistent throughout the year, our growth patterns were not, primarily due to comparisons related to the timing of pandemic-related ppe sales in the previous year. for instance, our daily sales growth in the first half of 2021 was 2.5%. our cyclical product categories substantially outperformed this, as exemplified by fastener daily sales growth of 15.4% in the first half of 2021. however, this was mostly offset by the absence of significant spending for ppe that occurred in the previous period, which is best illustrated by safety products' daily sales decline of 20.2% in first half of 2021. by contrast, our daily sales growth in the second half of 2021 was a much stronger 12.3%. our cyclical product categories continued to outperform with fastener daily sales having grown 22.2% in the second half of 2021. while certain products and markets within our business continued to face difficult ppe comparisons, they were not as severe as what had been experienced in the first half of 2021, which allowed our safety products to post daily growth of 0.3% in the second half of 2021.
our growth drivers also returned to contributing meaningfully to higher unit sales in 2021, due to strong business activity within our customer base and, to a lesser degree, a higher installed base of fmi devices. our number of active onsites increased 11.9%, for instance, while onsite daily sales growth was 20.6%. similarly, our installed base of fmi meus increased 10.6%, while fmi daily sales growth was 41.0%.
while demand was strong throughout 2021, the year experienced certain disruptions. the first were supply chain constraints, as the rapid recovery in demand resulted in shortages in production and shipping capacity. the second was labor shortages, which were particularly acute in the market for part-time employees. the third was the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, which continued to produce periodic surges in infection rates. while businesses largely managed through these events as opposed to stopping production, the instability it created in worker availability exacerbated the pre-existing supply chain and labor challenges. the fourth was inflation in material costs, overseas and domestic transportation expenses, and labor wage rates. we believe the most significant impact of these disruptions was on our growth driver signings. we signed 274 onsites in 2021, above the prior year (223 signings) but well below our goal at the start of 2021 of 375 to 400 units. similarly, we signed 19,311 fmi meus, above the prior year (16,503 meus), but well below our goal at the start of the year of 23,000 to 25,000 meus. we believe many of our customers were diverting significant energy to managing the effects of supply chain, labor, covid-19, and inflation in the short term, and it lengthened the sales cycle for our supply chain solutions.
price contributed 200 to 230 basis points to our net sales growth in 2021. we instituted a number of pricing events during 2021 as a means of mitigating rising product and transportation costs. as these events fell more heavily into the second half of the year, price contributed an increasing amount through the period, with price in the fourth quarter of 2021 contributing 440 to 470 basis points to net sales growth.
higher unit sales in 2020 were heavily influenced by actions taken by governments and businesses around the world to address covid-19, which influenced the period in a couple of ways. first, by virtue of our ability to source and transport ppe, we were able to supply the needs of governments, first responders, and businesses as they worked to mitigate the effects of the pandemic on our communities and normalize business activity under more stringent safety protocols. this generated significant ppe sales through the year. we believe the best proxies for this trend was daily sales growth of our safety products of 51.0% and daily sales growth to our government and healthcare customers of 129.7%. second, we managed the effects of business closures, disruption in labor forces and supply chains, and a reduction in general business activity that was a by-product of the responses of governments and businesses to the pandemic. the impact of this is best illustrated by several metrics. for instance, united states industrial production, which is published by the federal reserve, decreased 7.1% in 2020. based on the large proportion of our sales that are derived from the united states, we believe united states industrial production is a good proxy for the state of our marketplace and that the significant decline in this metric is consistent with the weakness we experienced in our traditional manufacturing and construction markets. this was also reflected in the daily sales of fasteners, which is our most cyclical product line. daily sales of fasteners declined 7.2% in 2020. although traditional manufacturing and construction business activity has gradually, but steadily, improved from depressed second quarter of 2020 levels, it did remain negative through the year. taking these two variables together, higher unit sales of ppe more than offset the decline in unit sales in our traditional manufacturing and construction business, resulting in higher net unit sales in 2020.
our growth drivers did not contribute meaningfully to higher unit sales in 2020, which we believe is largely a function of difficulties gaining access to customers and facilities due to social distancing and safety guidelines in response to covid-19. we signed 16,417 industrial vending devices during 2020, a decrease of 24.9% from 2019. this did increase our installed base to 95,733 devices at the end of 2020, an increase of 6.4% over 2019, but this increase was not sufficient to offset reduced throughput per device. as a result, sales through our vending devices declined at a low single-digit rate during 2020. we activated 257 new onsite locations in 2020, a decrease of 17.6% over 2019. this allowed us to increase our active sites to 1,265 at the end of 2020, an increase of 13.6% over 2019, but this increase was not sufficient to offset significant sales declines in our older, more established onsite locations. as a result, sales through our onsite locations declined at a low single-digit rate during 2020. we did experience growth in our national account customers of 6.7% in 2020 compared to 2019, though this was due to the sale of ppe to customers navigating the challenges of operating during a pandemic.
sales by product line the approximate mix of sales from fasteners, safety supplies, and all other product lines was as follows:
2021                                                 2020                 2019
fasteners                      33.3%                29.9%                34.2%
safety supplies                21.2%                25.5%                17.9%
other product lines            45.5%                44.6%                47.9%
the shifts in product mix over the last two years reflect the impact of the pandemic. in 2020, actions taken by governments and businesses to address covid-19 caused a significant decline in economic activity that produced sales declines in our cyclical products, such as fasteners, but increased demand for ppe and produced sales growth in our safety products. the effect was to reduce our mix of sales coming from fasteners and other product lines while increasing the mix of sales coming from safety products. in 2021, these dynamics reversed with economic recovery generating strong growth in our cyclical product lines while the absence of surge sales and stabilization in the supply chain for ppe restrained growth in safety products. the effect was to increase our mix of sales coming from fasteners and other product lines while reducing the mix of sales coming from safety products.
our product categories did not fully revert to pre-pandemic levels in 2021, as our mix of safety products in 2021 of 21.2% remained meaningfully above our mix of safety products in 2019 of 17.9%. in the short term, the pandemic has created heightened safety and sanitation protocols relative to the pre-pandemic period, and the increased use of related products as a result has increased our mix of safety products sales.
shifts in product mix in 2020 largely reflects the factors that impacted our sales growth in the period. specifically, strong demand for ppe generated strong sales growth in our safety products, while weak trends in underlying conditions affected our traditional manufacturing and construction customers resulting in a sales decline in our fastener products. the effect on other products was relatively muted, as certain lines benefited from pandemic-related demand (such as janitorial products), while others were negatively impacted by underlying demand (such as metal cutting and material handling).
annual sales changes, sequential trends, and end market performance this section focuses on three distinct views of our business - annual sales changes by month, sequential trends, and end market performance. the first discussion regarding sales changes by month provides a good mechanical view of our business. the second discussion provides a framework for understanding the sequential trends (that is, comparing a month to the immediately preceding month, and also looking at the cumulative change from an earlier benchmark month) in our business. finally, we believe the third discussion regarding end market performance provides insight into activities with our various types of customers.
annual sales changes, by month during the months noted below, all of our selling locations, when combined, had daily sales growth (contraction) rates of (compared to the same month in the preceding year):
jan.                 feb.                 mar.                 apr.                    may                 june                 july                 aug.                sept.                 oct.                 nov.                 dec.
2021       6.5   %              1.5   %              7.5   %              1.2   %               -3.2   %              1.7   %              9.7   %              9.0   %             11.1   %             14.1   %             13.2   %             16.5   %
2020       3.6   %              4.7   %              0.2   %              6.7   %               14.8   %              9.5   %              2.6   %              2.5   %              2.2   %              4.1   %              6.8   %              9.3   %
2019      13.3   %             10.5   %             12.7   %              7.4   %                9.5   %              7.0   %              6.1   %              6.3   %              5.8   %              4.3   %              5.7   %              1.0   %
sequential trends we find it helpful to think about the monthly sequential changes in our business using the analogy of climbing a stairway - this stairway has several predictable landings where there is a pause in the sequential gain (i.e. april, july, and october to december), but generally speaking, climbs from january to october. the october landing then establishes the benchmark for the start of the next year.
history has identified these landings in our business cycle. they generally relate to months where certain holidays impair business days and/or seasons impact certain end markets, particularly non-residential construction. the first landing centers on easter and the good friday holiday that precedes it, which in any given year can fall in march or april, the second landing centers on july 4th, and the third landing centers on the approach of winter with its seasonal impact on primarily our non-residential construction business and with the christmas/new year holidays. the holidays we noted impact the trends because they either move from month-to-month or because they move around during the week.
the table below shows the pattern to the sequential change in our daily sales. the line labeled 'benchmark' is a historical average of our sequential daily sales change for the trailing five year average (2015-2019). we have excluded 2020 from the average as the effects of the pandemic created unusual sequential patterns that we do not consider representative of normal trends. we believe this time frame serves to show the historical pattern and could serve as a benchmark for current performance. the '2021', '2020', and '2019' lines represent our actual sequential daily sales changes. the '21delta', '20delta', and '19delta' lines indicate the difference between the 'benchmark' and the actual results in the respective year. under normal circumstances, the sequential trends shown below are directly linked to fluctuations in our end markets. further, in any given month it is possible to get significant deviation from the benchmark. however, we do not believe that fully explains the exaggerated delta between the sequential rates of change and the benchmark from march 2020 to july 2020. we believe deviation of this duration and order of magnitude is uncharacteristic in our business and is related to the dramatic impacts of the pandemic in that period.
it is important to note that these benchmarks are historical averages. in a year where demand is strong, our daily sales growth rates will tend to have more months that exceed the benchmark than fall below it. in a year where demand is weak, we will tend to have more months that fall short of the benchmark than exceed it. in both cases, there is a random element that makes it difficult to know how any single month will perform.
jan.(1)                   feb.                   mar.                   apr.                  may                   june                   july                   aug.                sept.                   oct.                cumulative change from jan. to oct.
benchmark (2)      -1.0    %                1.2   %                3.1   %                0.1   %              1.7   %                1.8   %               -3.4   %                3.3   %              2.2   %               -2.5   %                                  7.5             %
2021       0.9    %               -2.3   %                5.6   %               -2.2   %              5.6   %                1.6   %               -3.4   %                3.1   %              4.8   %                0.0   %                                 13.0             %
21delta       1.9    %               -3.5   %                2.5   %               -2.3   %              3.9   %               -0.2   %   0.0                %               -0.2   %              2.6   %                2.5   %                                  5.5             %
2020      -1.3    %                2.5   %               -0.3   %                3.9   %             10.4   %               -3.3   %              -10.5   %                3.8   %              2.9   %               -2.6   %                                  5.5             %
20delta      -0.3    %                1.3   %               -3.4   %                3.8   %              8.7   %               -5.1   %               -7.0   %                0.5   %              0.6   %               -0.1   %                                 -2.0             %
2019      -0.5    %                1.4   %                4.2   %               -2.4   %              2.5   %                1.4   %               -4.4   %                3.9   %              3.1   %               -4.4   %                                  4.9             %
19delta       0.4    %                0.2   %                1.1   %               -2.5   %              0.8   %               -0.4   %               -1.0   %                0.6   %              0.9   %               -1.9   %                                 -2.6             %
(1) the january figures represent the percentage change from the previous october, whereas the remaining figures represent the percentage change from the previous month.
(2) the benchmark for each month is the average of the previous five years for that month (excluding the impact of the march 2017 mansco acquisition). surge sales associated with covid-19 make sequential averages in 2020 unrepresentative. as a result, the 2021 benchmark uses a preceding five-year average that excludes 2020.
note - amounts may not foot due to rounding difference.
a graph of the sequential daily sales change patterns discussed above, starting with a base of '100' in the previous october and ending with the next october, would be as follows:
end market performance we estimate approximately 65% of our business has historically been with customers engaged in some type of manufacturing, a significant subset of which finds its way into the heavy equipment market. the daily sales growth (contraction) rates to these manufacturing customers, when compared to the same period in the prior year, were as follows:
daily sales growth - manufacturing customers            q1                     q2                     q3                 q4                  annual
2021       5.6   %               24.5   %               20.8   %           23.8   %               18.4    %
2020       3.0   %               -9.4   %               -4.7   %            1.7   %               -2.5    %
2019      13.4   %                9.1   %                7.7   %            5.1   %                8.8    %
our manufacturing business consists of two subsets: the industrial production business (this is business where we supply products that become part of the finished goods produced by our customers and is sometimes referred to as oem - original equipment manufacturing) and the maintenance portion (this is business where we supply products that maintain the facility or the equipment of our customers engaged in manufacturing and is sometimes referred to as mro - maintenance, repair, and operations). the industrial business is more fastener centered, while the maintenance portion is represented by all product categories.
the best way to understand the change in our industrial production business is to examine the results in our fastener product line (which, under normal business conditions, represents 30% to 35% of our business) which is heavily influenced by changes in our business with heavy equipment manufacturers. from a company perspective, daily sales growth (contraction) rates of fasteners, when compared to the same period in the prior year, were as follows (note: this information includes all end markets):
daily sales growth - fasteners            q1                     q2                     q3                     q4                  annual
2021       4.0   %               28.4   %               20.2   %               24.2   %               18.8    %
2020      -2.6   %              -16.4   %               -6.9   %               -2.3   %               -7.2    %
2019      11.8   %                5.5   %                3.0   %                1.8   %                5.5    %
by contrast, the best way to understand the change in the maintenance portion of the manufacturing business is to examine the results in our non-fastener product lines. from a company perspective, daily sales growth rates of non-fasteners, when compared to the same period in the prior year, were as follows (note: this information includes all end markets):
daily sales growth - non-fasteners            q1                     q2                 q3                 q4                  annual
2021       6.1   %              -10.8   %            5.1   %            9.6   %                1.9    %
2020       6.0   %               25.6   %            7.8   %           11.2   %               12.7    %
2019      12.7   %                9.5   %            8.0   %            5.1   %                8.8    %
two product lines, safety and janitorial, accounted for approximately 44% of total non-fastener sales in 2021. as previously disclosed, covid-19 generated outsized growth in these two product categories in 2020 and the subsequent stabilization of the supply chain resulted in a reduction in orders and sales performance in 2021 that was well below what might normally be expected given the health of the industrial economy. as a result, the change in our non-fastener lines in 2021 and 2020 did not provide as much insight into the trends of our traditional manufacturing and construction customers as is typically the case. still, we have sold non-fastener products through multiple cycles that do not include a pandemic and believe we can make several observations. generally speaking, our non-fastener business is not immune to the impact of industrial cycles. however, we would typically expect it to outperform our fastener business in any cycle. this reflects three things: the non-fastener market is larger than the fastener market, we are underpenetrated in the non-fastener market relative to the fastener market, and industrial vending lends itself to sales of non-fastener products. this dynamic is visible in 2019 results.
our non-residential construction and reseller customers have historically represented 20% to 25% of our business, though in 2021 it was slightly below the bottom of this range as our industrial customers led our sales recovery. the daily sales growth (contraction) rates to these customers, when compared to the same period in the prior year, were as follows:
daily sales growth - non-residential construction and reseller customers            q1                     q2                     q3                     q4                  annual
2021      -6.7   %                3.5   %                7.0   %               10.3   %                3.3    %
2020      -1.2   %              -10.0   %              -11.5   %               -8.3   %               -7.8    %
2019      12.1   %                6.0   %                0.6   %                0.7   %                4.7    %
our non-residential construction and reseller business is heavily influenced by manufacturing, oil and gas, and infrastructure spending. in 2021, improving economic business conditions, high prices for commodities such as metals and energy, and tightening facilities utilization produced improving growth rates throughout the year. in 2020 and 2019, the poor and slowing production environment, respectively and as described above, and the accompanying worsening trends for commodities such as metals and energy, caused the growth in our non-residential construction and reseller customers to slow. in 2020, this was exacerbated by project suspensions as many states and regions shut down activity in an effort to control the pandemic.
gross profit the gross profit percentage during each period was as follows:
q1                 q2                 q3                 q4                  annual
2021      45.4   %           46.5   %           46.3   %           46.5   %               46.2    %
2020      46.6   %           44.5   %           45.3   %           45.6   %               45.5    %
2019      47.7   %           46.9   %           47.2   %           46.9   %               47.2    %
our gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, was 46.2% in 2021 and 45.5% in 2020. the gross profit percentage for 2021 increased by 70 basis points based on higher product margins, primarily for safety products and overhead/organizational leverage related to higher volumes.
during 2021, our gross profit percentage increased when compared to the prior year. this was largely due to three factors. (1) we were able to leverage overhead/organizational expenses, absorbing certain fixed and period costs related to cyclical strength in our traditional manufacturing and construction markets. (2) an improvement in product margins, particularly for safety products. in response to the pandemic in 2020, we experienced a substantial surge in demand for covid-related safety supplies, such that these products accounted for approximately 47% of total safety product sales in 2020, up from approximately 25% of total safety product sales in 2019. as these products tended to carry a lower gross margin than non-covid-related products, their substantial expansion in our safety product mix in 2020 caused a decline in the gross profit percentage of our safety product line. in 2021, we experienced higher demand for non-covid-related products as the industrial economy improved and lower demand for covid-related products as the supply chain steadied. this caused our mix of lower margin covid-related products to decline to approximately 31% of total safety product sales, improving our overall safety product margin. (3) our net rebates were favorable. as supply chains normalized and demand improved, we purchased more products through our traditional partners increasing our supplier rebates. at the same time, customer rebates moderated as spending from several key customers that purchased significant covid-related products declined.
these variables were only partly offset by a $7.8 write-down of masks in the first quarter of 2021. the impact of price/cost was neutral to 2021, as we were able to lift prices in response to higher costs for products and transportation services. the net impact of product and customer mix was also neutral to 2021, as the benefit of relatively stronger fastener sales to product mix was negatively impacted by relatively stronger growth from larger and onsite customers.
during 2020, our gross profit percentage decreased when compared to the prior year. this decrease was primarily caused by three variables. (1) a decline in product margin for safety and other products, which itself reflects several trends. first, in the second quarter of 2020 in order to procure supplies we utilized unfamiliar supply chains and prioritized speed of acquisition over efficiency, resulting in lower margins. second, in the third and fourth quarters of 2020 certain pandemic related products became oversupplied, and profits on our inventory fell (masks) while other products were in such short supply that cost rose (gloves). we mitigated these effects as the year progressed, but did not eliminate them. third, mix within these categories had a negative impact on margin, as in general covid-related products had lower margins and increased in the mix. (2) a change in product mix. fasteners are our largest and highest gross profit margin product line due to the high transaction cost surrounding the sourcing and supply of the product for customers. our fastener product line declined to 29.9% of sales in 2020 from 34.2% of sales in 2019. (3) overhead and organizational expenses. this includes the negative impact that reduced sales for certain product lines has on vendor rebates, clearance efforts to remove older and slower moving inventory, and the deleverage of certain fixed and period costs related to cyclical weakness in our traditional manufacturing and construction markets. these three adverse variables were partly offset by a better cost profile for our captive fleet. we operate our own fleet of trucks for moving product between suppliers, our distribution centers, and our in-market locations. we believe this provides us a competitive advantage in terms of our ability to move product efficiently and quickly, but there is a cost to supporting and maintaining these assets. during periods of economic weakness, it can become more difficult to charge freight to offset these costs and/or the relatively stable cost profile of these assets could result in deleverage. we successfully mitigated these challenges in 2020 by reducing movement and labor costs.
operating and administrative expenses our operating and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, increased by approximately 70 basis points to 26.0% in 2021 from 25.3% in 2020. employee-related expenses, as a percentage of net sales, increased by approximately 80 basis points. occupancy-related expenses, as a percentage of net sales, decreased by approximately 10 basis points. all other operating and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, was largely unchanged in 2021 from 2020. our operating and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, improved to 25.3% in 2020 from 27.3% in 2019. this improvement was a function of the growth in employee-related, occupancy-related, and all other operating and administrative expenses being more modest than the growth in sales. employee-related expenses improved the ratio of operating and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales by 140 to 145 basis points in 2020 from 2019. occupancy-related expenses improved the ratio of operating and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales by 25 to 30 basis points in 2020 from 2019. all other operating and administrative expenses improved the ratio of operating and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales by 40 to 45 basis points in 2020 from 2019.
the growth (contraction) in employee-related, occupancy-related, and all other operating and administrative expenses (including the gain on sales of property and equipment) compared to the same periods in the preceding year, is outlined in the table below.
approximate percentage of total operating and administrative expenses                                             twelve-month period
2021                                                                                                                                                   2020                      2019
employee-related expenses                                                                                                     70%      11.6   %                  -2.0   %                 5.1   %
occupancy-related expenses                                                                                             15% to 20%       3.9   %                   0.3   %                 2.8   %
all other operating and administrative expenses                                                                        10% to 15%       4.9   %                  -7.2   %                 1.5   %
employee-related expenses include: (1) payroll (which includes cash compensation, stock option expense, and profit sharing), (2) health care, (3) personnel development, and (4) social taxes.
our employee-related expenses increased in 2021 from 2020. this was related to: improvement in our sales and profitability generating significantly higher bonuses and commissions; higher health insurance costs as employees became comfortable again in seeking non-covid-related health care; an increase in our profit sharing contribution; and higher full-time and part-time wages producing an increase in base pay. our employee-related expenses decreased in 2020 from 2019. this was related to: a decrease in fte headcount and related base wages and employment taxes related to efforts to reduce costs given weak demand in our traditional manufacturing and construction markets; lower bonuses and commissions given weak demand in our traditional manufacturing and construction markets; and reduced costs associated with the fastenal school of business as training shifted from in-person to online. this was only partly offset by an increase in our profit sharing contribution and health care costs.
the table below summarizes the percentage change in our fte headcount at the end of the periods presented compared to the end of the prior period:
twelve-month period
2021                                                                              2020                      2019
in-market locations (branches &amp; onsites)         0.7   %                  -8.0   %                   0.2   %
non-in-market selling (1)                            8.0   %                   5.4   %                   5.3   %
selling subtotal                                     1.7   %                  -6.2   %                   0.8   %
distribution/transportation                          5.8   %                 -10.5   %                   2.2   %
manufacturing                                        2.0   %                  -9.9   %                  -2.7   %
administration (2)                                   9.8   %                   8.7   %                   8.5   %
non-selling subtotal                                 6.5   %                  -5.2   %                   3.1   %
total                                                3.0   %                  -6.0   %                   1.4   %
(1) our non-in-market selling employee count has grown in recent years due to an increased focus on resources to support our growth drivers, particularly onsite and national account growth.
(2) administrative primarily includes our sales support, information technology, finance and accounting, human resources, and senior leadership roles and functions. our administrative employee count has also grown in recent years due to increased personnel investments in information technology and operational support, such as purchasing and product development.
occupancy-related expenses include: (1) building rent and depreciation, (2) building utility costs, (3) equipment related to our branches and distribution locations, and (4) industrial vending equipment (we consider the vending equipment, excluding leased locker equipment, to be a logical extension of our in-market operations and classify the depreciation and repair costs as occupancy expenses).
our occupancy-related expenses increased in 2021 from 2020. this was related to: the timing of development costs related to equipment utilized as part of our fmi suite of technologies; depreciation related to a higher installed base of fmi devices; and higher facility costs, with higher costs for non-branch facilities and utilities being only partly offset by slightly lower costs for branch facilities from branch closings. our occupancy-related expenses increased slightly in 2020 from 2019. this was primarily due to higher depreciation related to facility expansions completed in 2019, partly offset by lower utility costs in our branches.
all other operating and administrative expenses include: (1) selling-related transportation, (2) information technology (it) expenses, (3) general corporate expenses, which consists of legal expenses, general insurance expenses, travel and marketing expenses, etc., and (4) the gain on sales of property and equipment.
combined, all other operating and administrative expenses increased in 2021 from 2020. this was related to: higher spending on information technology; higher spending on travel, meals, and supplies as business activity recovered from the covid-related travel restrictions of 2020; and higher costs for legal settlements. these elements were partly offset by lower bad debt expenses and lower general insurance costs. combined, all other operating and administrative expenses decreased in 2020 from 2019. this was related to: lower selling-related freight expenses due to reduced travel as a result of covid-related restrictions, the rationalization of our branch fleet, and significantly reduced travel and meal expenses due to reduced travel as a result of covid-related restrictions. this was partly offset by higher spending on information technology.
net interest expense our net interest expense was $9.6 in 2021 compared to $9.1 in 2020, and $13.6 in 2019. this was related to: lower interest income, as the special dividend paid in december 2020 resulted in lower interest-earning cash balances in 2021; slightly higher interest expense which was the net result of slightly higher average interest rates and slightly lower average debt. during the year, we repaid one tranche under our master note agreement, reducing the balance from $405.0 to $390.0. however, in the fourth quarter of 2021 we increased our balance outstanding under our revolver by $25.0 to support working capital growth. the decrease in 2020, when compared to 2019, was due to a slightly lower average debt balance paired with substantially lower interest rates. during the year, we increased the debt held under our master note agreement to $405.0 as a means of fixing a portion of our debt and freeing up borrowing capacity under our revolver.
income taxes we recorded income tax expense of $282.8 in 2021, or 23.4% of earnings before income taxes. our effective tax rate reflects an $8.7 reduction in income tax expense due to discrete items mainly relating to benefits associated with the exercise of stock options and changes in the reserve for uncertain tax positions.
we recorded income tax expense of $273.6 in 2020, or 24.2% of earnings before income taxes. our income tax expense was reduced by $5.3 due to discrete items mainly relating to benefits associated with the exercise of stock options and changes in the reserve for uncertain tax positions.
net earnings net earnings, net earnings per share (eps), the percentage change in net earnings, and the percentage change in eps, were as follows:
dollar amounts                   2021                    2020                    2019
net earnings               $925.0                   859.1                   790.9
basic eps                    1.61                    1.50                    1.38
diluted eps                  1.60                    1.49                    1.38
percentage change                2021                    2020                    2019
net earnings                  7.7   %                 8.6   %                 5.2   %
basic eps                     7.5   %                 8.5   %                 5.3   %
diluted eps                   7.4   %                 8.4   %                 5.2   %
2021                                                     2020                    2019
tax rate                     23.4   %                24.2   %                24.2   %
during 2021, net earnings increased, primarily due to stronger sales translating into higher pre-tax profits, as well as a lower income tax rate. in 2020, net earnings increased, primarily due to stronger sales and higher operating profits, and were only partly offset by an increase in income tax expense. the increase in basic and diluted earnings per share also reflected the purchase of our shares of common stock.
results of operations (comparison to 2019 periods)
given the unusual nature of our marketplace during 2021 and 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic, we believe that a comparison of certain results of operations during the year and fourth quarter of 2021 to the same periods in 2019 provides further insight into sustainable trends and underlying performance of our business. as discussed earlier in this report, there were certain aspects of the covid-19 pandemic that dramatically impacted our business during 2020. given this, we believe that a comparison to the 2019 periods is helpful to demonstrate changes in financial condition and our results of operations during the most recently ended quarter and year. the table below provides such a comparison:
twelve-month period                                                                three-month period
2021                                                                                2019                     change                       2021                        2019                     change net sales                                       $6,010.9                     5,333.7                      12.7    %               $1,531.8                     1,276.9                      20.0    %
business days                                        253                         254                                                    62                          63
daily sales                                        $23.8                        21.0                      13.1    %                  $24.7                        20.3                      21.9    %
gross profit                                    $2,777.2                     2,515.4                      10.4    %                 $712.9                       598.4                      19.1    %
% of net sales                                      46.2   %                    47.2   %                                              46.5   %                    46.9   %
operating and administrative expenses           $1,559.8                     1,458.2                       7.0    %                 $412.0                       359.5                      14.6    %
% of net sales                                      26.0   %                    27.3   %                                              26.9   %                    28.2   %
operating income                                $1,217.4                     1,057.2                      15.2    %                 $300.9                       238.9                      25.9    %
% of net sales                                      20.3   %                    19.8   %                                              19.6   %                    18.7   %
earnings before income taxes                    $1,207.8                     1,043.7                      15.7    %                 $298.5                       236.4                      26.3    %
% of net sales                                      20.1   %                    19.6   %                                              19.5   %                    18.5   %
net earnings                                      $925.0                       790.9                      17.0    %                 $231.2                       178.7                      29.4    %
diluted net earnings per share                     $1.60                        1.38                      16.4    %                  $0.40                        0.31                      28.9    %
liquidity and capital resources net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
2021                                                         2020                    2019
net cash provided          $770.1                     1,101.8                   842.7
% of net earnings            83.3   %                   128.3   %               106.5   %
in 2021, the decrease in our operating cash flow as a percentage of net earnings is due to significant growth in working capital as we support growth in our customers' operations as well as, in the case of inventory, significant product inflation. this was only slightly mitigated by ongoing efforts to improve the efficiency of our working capital and contrasts sharply with 2020 when weaker demand from our customers resulted in working capital being a net source of operating cash. in 2020, the increase in our operating cash flow as a percentage of net earnings was due to working capital assets and liabilities being a modest source of cash in 2020, as opposed to a significant use of cash in 2019. this includes the deferral of $30.0 in payroll taxes resulting from the cares act and a timing-related higher accounts payable balance.
39
trade working capital assets trade working capital assets are highlighted below. the annual dollar change and the annual percentage change were as follows:
dollar change                             2021                     2020
accounts receivable, net            $130.8                     27.6
inventories                          186.1                   (28.9)
trade working capital               $316.9                    (1.2)
accounts payable                      26.1                     14.2
trade working capital, net           290.8                   (15.4)
annual percentage change                  2021                     2020
accounts receivable, net              17.0   %                  3.7   %
inventories                           13.9   %                (2.1)   %
trade working capital                 15.0   %                (0.1)   %
accounts payable                      12.6   %                  7.3   %
trade working capital, net            15.3   %                (0.8)   %
note - amounts may not foot due to rounding difference.
in 2021, the annual growth in net accounts receivable reflected several factors. first, our receivables are expanding as a result of improved business activity and resulting growth in our customers' sales. second, in response to the covid-19 pandemic, customers that traditionally have shorter payment terms represented a smaller proportion of our sales mix at the end of 2021 than was the case at the end of 2020. in 2020, the annual growth in net accounts receivable reflected growth in sales, mitigated by the substantial increase in sales to government customers, which tended to have shorter payment terms in 2020, and strong collections at year end.
our inventory balances over time will respond to business activity, though various factors produce a looser relationship to our monthly sales patterns than we tend to experience in accounts receivable. one reason for this is cyclical. we source significant quantities of product from overseas, and the lead time involved in procuring these products is typically longer than the visibility we have into future monthly sales patterns. as a result, trends in our inventory will often lag trends in economic conditions. a second reason is our growth drivers, including our fmi offerings, onsite channel, and international expansion, all of which tend to require significant investments in inventory. in 2021, our inventories increased, reflecting significant inflation in the value of stocked parts, and the addition of inventory to support the growth of our manufacturing and construction customers as they expand production to meet improved business activity, and deeper inventory stocking due to disruption in supply chains. in 2020, our inventories decreased, reflecting a number of factors, including reduced stocking needs on the part of our traditional manufacturing and construction customers due to weak business activity, reduced vending and onsite signings, and good execution on initiatives aimed at improving our inventory balances. this was partly offset by covid-related ppe balances that we added in the second quarter of 2020 and declined over the second half of 2020, but we had no such ppe inventory in the preceding year.
in 2021, the annual growth in accounts payable reflected product purchases increasing to support the improvement in business activity at our manufacturing and construction customers. in 2020, the annual growth in accounts payable reflected primarily the timing of certain payments that slipped out of the fourth quarter of 2020 and into the first quarter of 2021.
the approximate percentage mix of inventory stocked at our selling locations versus our distribution center and manufacturing locations was as follows at year end:
2021                                                                          2020               2019
selling locations                                        57   %             59   %             60   %
distribution center and manufacturing locations          43   %             41   %             40   %
total                                                   100   %            100   %            100   %
lease obligations we have facilities, equipment, and vehicles leased under operating leases. a discussion of our lease obligations is contained in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
2021                                                     2020                    2019
net cash used              $148.5                   281.7                   239.7
% of net earnings            16.1   %                32.8   %                30.3   %
the changes in net cash used in investing activities in 2021 was primarily related to the absence of an acquisition, in contrast to the $125.0 spent in 2020 for the purchase of certain assets of apex industrial technologies llc (apex), as well as lower net capital expenditures. the changes in net cash used in investing activities in 2020 were primarily related to an increase of $125.0 for the purchase of certain assets of apex, which was partly offset by changes in our net capital expenditures.
property and equipment expenditures typically consist primarily of: (1) purchases related to industrial vending, (2) purchases of property and equipment related to expansion of and enhancements to distribution centers, (3) spending on software and hardware for our information processing systems, (4) the addition of fleet vehicles, (5) expansion, improvement or investment in certain owned or leased branch properties, and (6) the addition of manufacturing and warehouse equipment. disposals of property and equipment consisted of the planned disposition of certain pick-up trucks, distribution vehicles, and trailers in the normal course of business.
set forth below is a recap of our 2021, 2020, and 2019 net capital expenditures in dollars and as a percentage of net sales and net earnings:
2021                                                                                                                                                             2020                      2019
manufacturing, warehouse and packaging equipment, industrial vending equipment, and facilities                                  $70.3                        91.5                     172.7
shelving and related supplies for in-market location openings and for product expansion at existing in-market locations          11.0                        15.7                      12.3
data processing software and equipment                                                                                           28.0                        31.4                      31.1
real estate and improvements to branch locations                                                                                 37.9                        16.1                       8.9
vehicles                                                                                                                          9.4                        13.4                      21.4
purchases of property and equipment                                                                                             156.6                       168.1                     246.4
proceeds from sale of property and equipment                                                                                    (8.4)                      (10.6)                     (6.6)
net capital expenditures                                                                                                        148.2                       157.5                     239.8
% of net sales                                                                                                                    2.5   %                     2.8   %                   4.5   %
% of net earnings                                                                                                                16.0   %                    18.3   %                  30.3   %
our net capital expenditures decreased in 2021, when compared to 2020. we had higher spending on an office building construction project in winona, minnesota intended to support growth in our business. this was more than offset by reduced spending in other areas. we saw a significant decline in spending on fmi equipment due to slower hardware signings, lower vending equipment costs following the march 2020 acquisition of certain industrial vending assets of apex, and an increase in the refurbishment and redeployment of fmi hardware as an alternative to buying new devices. we also had lower capital investment in our hub properties following a period of heavier investment in 2018 and 2019, and reduced spending on selling-related vehicles as challenges in the supply chain reduced availability. our net capital expenditures decreased in 2020, when compared to 2019. we reduced capital spending expectations early in 2020 across most tracked categories as financial uncertainty related to the pandemic response emerged. the decline relates to lower spending on facility capacity and equipment following our investments in 2019, lower spending for vending devices as a result of our acquisition of certain assets of apex and lower signings, lower spending on our captive fleet, and lower spending for manufacturing equipment.
we expect our net capital expenditures in 2022 to be within a range of $180.0 to $200.0. this increase from 2021 reflects an increase in spending on fmi equipment in anticipation of higher signings, an increase in spending on hub properties to reflect upgrades to and investments in automation as well as facilities upgrades, and an increase in manufacturing capacity to support demand and expand capabilities. this is partly offset by the absence of spending on our winona construction project, which was completed in 2021.
net cash used in financing activities net cash used in financing activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
2021                                                     2020                    2019
net cash used              $627.1                   754.4                   595.1
% of net earnings            67.8   %                87.8   %                75.2   %
the fluctuations in net cash used in financing activities are due to changes in the level of our dividend payments and in the level of common stock purchases. these amounts were partially offset by the exercise of stock options and net payments (proceeds) from debt obligations. these items in dollars and as a percentage of earnings were as follows:
2021                                                                                    2020                        2019
dividends paid                                        $643.7                       803.4                       498.6
% of net earnings                                       69.6   %                    93.5   %                    63.0   %
common stock purchases                                     -                        52.0                           -
% of net earnings                                          -   %                     6.1   %                       -   %
total returned to shareholders                        $643.7                       855.4                       498.6
% of net earnings                                       69.6   %                    99.6   %                    63.0   %
proceeds from the exercise of stock options          $(31.6)                      (41.0)                      (58.5)
% of net earnings                                       -3.4   %                    -4.8   %                    -7.4   %
cash payments (proceeds), net                          $15.0                      (60.0)                       155.0
% of net earnings                                        1.6   %                    -7.0   %                    19.6   %
net cash used                                         $627.1                       754.4                       595.1
% of net earnings                                       67.8   %                    87.8   %                    75.2   %
stock purchases in 2021, we did not purchase any shares of our common stock. in 2020, we purchased 1,600,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of approximately $32.54. in 2019, we did not purchase any shares of our common stock.
dividends we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.31 per share on january 18, 2022. in 2021, we paid aggregate annual dividends per share of $1.12. in 2020, we paid aggregate annual dividends per share of $1.40, which included $1.00 in regular quarterly dividends and a $0.40 special dividend paid in december 2020 as a result of our high cash balances and favorable financial outlook.
debt in order to fund the considerable cash needed to expand our industrial vending business, expand capacity and increase the use of automation in our distribution centers, pay dividends, and, in 2020, to purchase our common stock, pre-pay vendors to secure access to critical products during the pandemic, and acquire certain assets of apex, we have borrowed under our credit facility and our master note agreement in recent periods.
our borrowings under the credit facility and master note agreement peaked during each quarter of 2021 and 2020 as follows:
peak borrowings                  2021                   2020
first quarter              $485.0                   470.0
second quarter              430.0                   640.0
third quarter               455.0                   445.0
fourth quarter              470.0                   495.0
as of december 31, 2021, we had $25.0 outstanding under the credit facility and had contingent obligations from letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility in an aggregate face amount of $36.3. as of december 31, 2021, we had loans outstanding under the master note agreement of $365.0. descriptions of our credit facility and master note agreement are contained in note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
material cash requirements our material cash requirements for known contractual obligations include capital expenditures, debt, and lease obligations, each of which are discussed in more detail earlier in this section. we believe that net cash provided by operating activities will be adequate to meet our liquidity and capital needs for these items in the short-term over the next 12 months and also in the long-term beyond the next 12 months. we also have cash requirements for purchase orders and contracts for the purchase of inventory and other goods and services, which are based on current distribution needs and are fulfilled by our suppliers within short time horizons. we do not have significant agreements for the purchase of inventory or other goods or services specifying minimum order quantities. in addition, we may have liabilities for uncertain tax positions but we do not believe any of these liabilities will be material. a discussion of income taxes is contained in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
unremitted foreign earnings approximately $178.5 of cash and cash equivalents are held by non-u.s. subsidiaries. these funds may create foreign currency translation gains or losses depending on the functional currency of the entity holding the cash. we have considered the financial requirements of each foreign subsidiary and our parent company and will continue to reinvest these funds to support our expansion activities outside the u.s., even after taking into consideration the deemed repatriation and transition tax under the tax act. the income tax impact of repatriating cash associated with investments in foreign subsidiaries is discussed in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
effects of inflation in 2021, we experienced significant increases in the cost of metals (especially steel), energy, and transportation costs (especially overseas containers and shipping). these inflationary trends meaningfully increased the cost of many of the products we purchase. we were able to mitigate the adverse effects of higher costs on our gross profit percentage in 2021 by increasing prices, seeking alternative sources for products and services, and consolidating spend for products and services. while the effects of inflation in 2021 was broad-based, we did experience deflation for certain covid-related products that had inflated in 2020 when the supply chain was disrupted. this did require us to write down the value of these products in 2021, which negatively impacted our gross profit percentage in the first quarter of 2021 and, to a lesser extent, throughout the balance of the year. in 2020, we experienced changing price levels for covid-related supplies, with inflation for certain products that were in short supply (e.g., nitrile gloves) and deflation for certain products that became oversupplied (e.g., disposable masks). these were event-specific circumstances related to the pandemic. as it related to the non-covid environment, we experienced stable product costs through 2020 relative to 2019.
critical accounting policies and estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap, we must make decisions that impact the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosures. such decisions include the selection of the appropriate accounting principles to be applied and the assumptions on which to base accounting estimates. in reaching such decisions, we apply judgments based on our understanding and analysis of relevant circumstances, historical experience, and actuarial valuations. actual amounts could differ from those estimated at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared.
our most significant accounting policies, including revenue recognition and inventories, are described in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. some of those significant accounting policies require us to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, or estimates. an accounting estimate is considered to be critical if it meets both of the following criteria: (i) the estimate requires assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made, and (ii) different estimates reasonably could have been used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period may have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition, changes in financial condition, or results of operations. our most critical accounting estimates include the following:
allowance for credit losses - this reserve is for accounts receivable balances that are potentially uncollectible. the allowance for credit losses is based on an income statement approach which adjusts the ending balance sheet to take into consideration expected losses over the contractual lives of the receivables, considering factors such as historical data as a basis for future expected losses. if business or economic conditions change, our estimates and assumptions may be adjusted as deemed appropriate. historically, actual required reserves have not varied materially from estimated amounts.
inventory valuation - adjustments to the valuation of inventory are based on an analysis of inventory trends including reviews of inventory levels, sales information, and the on-hand quantities relative to the sales history for the product. our methodology for estimating whether adjustments are necessary is continually evaluated for factors including significant changes in product demand, market conditions, condition of the inventory, or liquidation value. if business or economic conditions change, our estimates and assumptions may be adjusted as deemed appropriate. historically, actual required adjustments have not varied materially from estimated amounts.
general insurance reserves - these reserves are for general claims related to workers' compensation, property and casualty losses, and other general liability self-insured losses. the reserves are based on an analysis of reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported related to our historical claim trends. we perform ongoing reviews of our insured and uninsured risks and use this information to establish appropriate reserve levels. we analyze historical trends, claims experience, and loss development patterns to ensure the appropriate loss development factors are applied to the incurred costs associated with the claims made. historically, actual required reserves have not varied materially from estimated amounts.
new accounting pronouncements a description of new accounting pronouncements is contained in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
geographic information information regarding our revenues and long-lived assets by geographic area is contained in note 2 and note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. risks related to our foreign operations are described earlier in this form 10-k under the heading 'forward-looking statements' and 'item 1a. risk factors'.
