item 1a: risk factors risk factor summary our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. while there is no assurance that any lists of risks and uncertainties of risk factors is complete, below is a summary of risk factors which impact our business. this summary should be read in conjunction with the "detailed discussion of risk pillars and risk factors" immediately following this summary on pages 27 through 43 in this 2021 annual report on form 10-k. risks which impact our business include but are not limited to:
covid-19 related risk:
•the covid-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and will likely continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.
credit risks:
•our acl level may prove to not be adequate or be negatively affected by credit risk exposures which could adversely affect our income and capital.
market risks:
•changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income, reduce transactional income, and negatively impact the value of our loans, securities, and other assets. this could have an adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and capital.
•uncertainty about the future of libor may adversely affect our business.
liquidity risks:
•changes in either huntington's financial condition or in the general banking industry could result in a loss of depositor confidence.
•if we lose access to capital markets, we may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors, creditors, and borrowers, or have the operating cash needed to fund corporate expansion and other corporate activities.
operational risks:
•our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could fail or be breached, which could disrupt our business and adversely impact our operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm.
•we face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.
•failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could impair our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud, resulting in loss of investor confidence and adversely affecting our business and our stock price.
compliance risks:
•we operate in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation and financial accounting, or reporting, including changes in them, or our failure to comply with them, may adversely affect us.
•legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future that impact the financial industry may materially adversely affect us by increasing our costs, adding complexity in doing business, impeding the efficiency of our internal business processes, negatively impacting the recoverability of certain of our recorded assets, requiring us to increase our regulatory capital, limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, and otherwise resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operation, liquidity, or stock price.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents
•noncompliance with the bank secrecy act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations could cause us material financial loss strategic risks:
•we operate in a highly competitive industry which depends on our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan and adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences.
•bank regulations regarding capital and liquidity, including the ccar assessment process and the u.s. basel iii capital and liquidity standards, could require higher levels of capital and liquidity. among other things, these regulations could impact our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase common stock, attract cost-effective sources of deposits, or require the retention of higher amounts of low yielding securities.
risks related to the tcf merger:
•we expect to continue to incur substantial costs related to the merger.
•the integration of huntington and tcf may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and huntington may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger.
•our future results may suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations.
detailed discussion of risk pillars and risk factors huntington has formalized a holistic risk governance framework in alignment with the size, complexity, and profile of the company. we, like other financial companies, are subject to a number of risks that may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations, many of which are outside of our direct control. our framework is approved by the roc of huntington's board of directors (the board). key components include establishing our risk appetite, lines of defense and risk pillars, governance and committee oversight and limit setting and escalation processes. huntington classifies/aggregates risk into seven risk pillars. huntington recognizes that risks can be interrelated or embedded within each other, and therefore managing across risk pillars is a key component of the framework. the following defines the company's risk pillars.
•credit risk, which is the risk of loss due to loan and lease customers or other counterparties not being able to meet their financial obligations under agreed upon terms;
•market risk, which occurs when fluctuations in interest rates impact earnings and capital. financial impacts are realized through changes in the interest rates of balance sheet assets and liabilities (net interest margin) or directly through valuation changes of capitalized msr and/or trading assets (noninterest income);
•liquidity risk, which is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from an inability to meet obligations when they come due. liquidity risk includes the inability to access funding sources or manage fluctuations in funding levels. liquidity risk also results from the failure to recognize or address changes in market conditions that affect our ability to liquidate assets quickly and with minimal loss in value;
•operational risk, which is the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, including information security breaches or cyberattacks, human errors or misconduct, or adverse external events. operational losses result from internal fraud, external fraud, inadequate or inappropriate employment practices and workplace safety, failure to meet professional obligations involving customers, products, and business practices, damage to physical assets, business disruption and systems failures, and failures in execution, delivery, and process management;
•compliance risk, which exposes us to money penalties, enforcement actions, or other sanctions as a result of non-conformance with laws, rules, and regulations that apply to the financial services industry;
•strategic risk, which is defined as risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, or enterprise value arising from adverse business decisions, improper implementation of business decisions or lack of responsiveness to industry / market changes; and
•reputation risk, which is the risk that negative publicity regarding an institution's business practices, whether true or not, will cause a decline in the customer base, costly litigation, or revenue reductions.
2021 form 10-k table of contents in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference into this report, readers should carefully consider that the following important factors, among others, could negatively impact our business, future results of operations, and future cash flows materially.
covid-19 related risk:
the covid-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and will likely continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.
although u.s. and global economies have begun to recover from the covid-19 pandemic as many health and safety restrictions have been lifted and vaccine distribution has increased, certain adverse consequences of the pandemic continue to impact the macroeconomic environment and may persist for some time, including labor shortages and disruptions of global supply chains. the growth in economic activity and demand for goods and services, alongside labor shortages and supply chain complications, has also contributed to rising inflationary pressures. the pandemic has caused us, and could continue to cause us, to recognize credit losses in our loan portfolios and increases in our allowance for credit losses should the effects of the pandemic continue for an extended period of time or worsen. furthermore, the pandemic could cause us to recognize impairment of our goodwill and our financial assets. sustained adverse effects may also increase our cost of capital, prevent us from satisfying our minimum regulatory capital ratios and other supervisory requirements, or result in downgrades in our credit ratings. the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic impacts our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the rate and distribution and administration of vaccines globally, the severity and duration of any resurgence of covid-19 variants, the continued effectiveness of our business continuity plan, the direct and indirect impact of the pandemic on our customers, colleagues, counterparties and service providers, and actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic.
governmental authorities have taken significant measures to provide economic assistance to individual households and businesses, stabilize the markets, and support economic growth. these measures may not be sufficient to fully mitigate the negative impact of the pandemic. additionally, some measures, such as a suspension of consumer and commercial loan payments, may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. we also expect that the temporary reduction of interest rates to near zero will, over the course of 2022, be reversed, with the federal reserve now signaling its concerns with respect to inflation and announcing that it will begin to taper its purchases of mortgages and other bonds. we also face an increased risk of litigation and governmental and regulatory scrutiny as a result of the effects of the pandemic on market and economic conditions and actions governmental authorities take in response to those conditions.
the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in heightened operational risks. many of our colleagues have been working remotely, and increased levels of remote access create additional cybersecurity risk and opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. cybercriminals have increased their attempts to compromise business emails, including an increase in phishing attempts, and fraudulent vendors or other parties may view the pandemic as an opportunity to prey upon consumers and businesses during this time. the increase in online and remote banking activities may also increase the risk of fraud in certain instances.
the length of the pandemic and the effectiveness of the measures being put in place to address it are unknown. until the effects of the pandemic subside, there is a risk of reduced revenues in our businesses and increased customer defaults. furthermore, the u.s. economy experienced a temporary recession as a result of the pandemic, and our business could be materially and adversely affected by another recession should the effects of the pandemic continue for a period of time or worsen. to the extent the pandemic adversely affects our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations, it also has the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this 2021 annual report on form 10-k.
we have also participated as a lender in certain government programs designed to provide economic relief in response to the pandemic. we are participating in the sba's ppp as an eligible lender, and while these loans to small business clients benefit from a government guaranty, many of these businesses may face difficulties even after being granted such a loan. we also participated in the federal reserve's main street lending program. as a result of participating in these programs, we face increased risks, including credit, fraud risk and litigation.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents credit risks:
our acl level may prove to not be adequate or be negatively affected by credit risk exposures which could adversely affect our net income and capital.
our business depends on the creditworthiness of our customers. our acl of $2.1 billion at december 31, 2021, represented management's estimate of the current expected losses in our loan and lease portfolio (alll) as well as our unfunded lending commitments (aulc). we regularly review our acl for appropriateness. in doing so, we consider probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default depending on economic parameters for each month of the remaining contractual term of the credit exposure. the economic parameters are developed using available information relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. there is no certainty that our acl will be appropriate over time to cover lifetime losses of the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or markets. if the credit quality of our customer base materially decreases, if the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, or if the acl is not appropriate, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, regulatory review of risk ratings and loan and lease losses may impact the level of the acl and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
weakness in economic conditions could adversely affect our business.
our performance could be negatively affected to the extent there is deterioration in business and economic conditions, including persistent inflation, supply chain issues or labor shortages, which have direct or indirect material adverse impacts on us, our customers, and our counterparties. these conditions could result in one or more of the following:
•a decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by us;
•a decrease in customer savings generally and in the demand for savings and investment products offered by us; and
•an increase in the number of customers and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws, or default on their loans or other obligations to us.
an increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies, or defaults could result in a higher level of npas, ncos, provision for credit losses, and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. the markets we serve are dependent on industrial and manufacturing businesses and, thus, are particularly vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions affecting these sectors.
market risks:
changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income, reduce transactional income, and negatively impact the value of our loans, securities, and other assets. this could have an adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and capital.
our results of operations depend substantially on net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on interest earning assets (such as investments and loans) and interest paid on interest bearing liabilities (such as deposits and borrowings). interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies, inflation, and domestic and international economic and political conditions. conditions such as inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, and other factors beyond our control may also affect interest rates. in addition, decisions by the federal reserve to increase or reduce the size of its balance sheet or to engage in tapering its purchase of assets may also affect interest rates. if our interest earning assets mature or reprice faster than interest bearing liabilities in a declining interest rate environment, net interest income could be materially adversely impacted. likewise, if interest bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than interest earning assets in a rising interest rate environment, net interest income could be adversely impacted.
2021 form 10-k table of contents changes in interest rates can affect the value of loans, securities, assets under management, and other assets, including mortgage servicing rights. an increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and leases may lead to an increase in npas and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. when we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. however, we continue to incur interest expense as a cost of funding nals without any corresponding interest income. in addition, transactional income, including trust income, brokerage income, and gain on sales of loans can vary significantly from period-to-period based on a number of factors, including the interest rate environment. a decline in interest rates along with a flattening yield curve limits our ability to reprice deposits given the current historically low level of interest rates and could result in declining net interest margins if longer duration assets reprice faster than deposits.
rising interest rates reduce the value of our fixed-rate securities. any unrealized loss from these portfolios impacts oci, shareholders' equity, and the tangible common equity ratio. any realized loss from these portfolios impacts regulatory capital ratios. in a rising interest rate environment, pension and other post-retirement obligations somewhat mitigate negative oci impacts from securities and financial instruments. for more information, refer to "market risk" of the md&a.
certain investment securities, notably mortgage-backed securities, are sensitive to rising and falling rates. generally, when rates rise, prepayments of principal and interest will decrease and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will increase. conversely, when rates fall, prepayments of principal and interest will increase and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will decrease. in either case, interest rates have a significant impact on the value of mortgage-backed securities.
msr fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates, as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments. prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise.
in response to the economic consequences of the covid-19 pandemic, the federal reserve lowered its target for the federal funds rate to a range of 0% to 0.25%. while interest rates remain low, the federal reserve is expected to begin raising interest rates during 2022. we cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies in response to the outbreak or the precise effects that they may have on our activities and financial results.
in addition to volatility associated with interest rates, the company also has exposure to equity markets related to the investments within the benefit plans and other income from client-based transactions.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents industry competition may have an adverse effect on our success.
our profitability depends on our ability to compete successfully. we operate in a highly competitive environment, and we expect competition to intensify. certain of our competitors are larger and have more resources than we do, enabling them to be more aggressive than us in competing for loans and deposits. in our market areas, we face competition from other banks and financial service companies that offer similar services. some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. technological advances have made it possible for our non-bank competitors to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products and for financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including mobile payments, online deposit accounts, electronic payment processing, and marketplace lending, without having a physical presence where their customers are located. legislative or regulatory changes also could lead to increased competition in the financial services sector. for example, the economic growth act and the tailoring rules reduce the regulatory burden of certain large bhcs and raise the asset thresholds at which more onerous requirements apply, which could cause certain large bhcs to become more competitive or to more aggressively pursue expansion. our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including customer convenience, quality of service by investing in new products and services, electronic platforms, personal contacts, pricing, and range of products. if we are unable to successfully compete for new customers and retain our current customers, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. in particular, if we experience an outflow of deposits as a result of our customers seeking investments with higher yields or greater financial stability, or a desire to do business with our competitors, we may be forced to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding to operate our business and meet withdrawal demands, thereby adversely affecting our net interest margin. for more information, refer to "competition" section of item 1: business.
uncertainty about the future of libor may adversely affect our business.
central banks around the world, including the federal reserve, have commissioned committees and working groups of market participants and official sector representatives to replace libor and replace or reform other interest rate benchmarks. the publication of most libor rates ceased as of the end of december 2021. while certain u.s. dollar libor tenors are expected to continue to be published until june 30, 2023, the u.s. banking agencies have encouraged banks to cease entering into new contracts referencing libor no later than december 31, 2021. a transition away from the widespread use of libor to alternative rates and other potential interest rate benchmark reforms has begun and will continue over the course of the next few years. these reforms may cause such rates to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.
while there is no consensus on what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to libor, a group of market participants convened by the federal reserve, the alternative reference rate committee (arrc), has selected sofr as its recommended alternative to libor. the federal reserve bank of new york started to publish sofr in april 2018. sofr is a broad measure of the cost of overnight borrowings collateralized by treasury securities that was selected by the alternative reference rate committee due to the depth and robustness of the u.s. treasury repurchase market. in january of 2020, huntington was added as an arrc member.
the market transition away from libor to an alternative reference rate, such as sofr, is complex and could have a range of adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in particular, any such transition could:
•adversely affect the interest rates paid or received on, the revenue and expenses associated with or the value of huntington's libor-based assets and liabilities, which include certain variable rate loans, huntington's series b preferred stock, certain of huntington's junior subordinated debentures, certain of the bank's senior notes and certain other securities or financial arrangements;
•adversely affect the interest rates paid or received on, the revenue and expenses associated with or the value of other securities or financial arrangements, given libor's role in determining market interest rates globally;
•prompt inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of huntington's preparation and readiness for the replacement of libor with an alternative reference rate; and
2021 form 10-k table of contents
•result in disputes, litigation or other actions with counterparties regarding the interpretation and enforceability of certain fallback language in libor-based contracts and securities.
huntington implemented a libor transition plan in 2018. as of december 31, 2021, the company ceased issuance of new libor loans. alternative reference rates at this time are predominantly sofr based. systems, products and analytics have been effectively transitioned away from libor and are utilizing alternative reference rates. remaining libor transition project activities include remediation of remaining libor products, including recently acquired products from tcf by june of 2023. we continue to assess the impact on our customers, with any needed libor exceptions escalated to elt for approval.
the manner and impact of the transition from libor to an alternative reference rate, as well as the effect of these developments on our funding costs, loan and investment and trading securities portfolios, asset-liability management, and business, is uncertain.
liquidity risks:
changes in either huntington's financial condition or in the general banking industry could result in a loss of depositor confidence.
liquidity is the ability to meet cash flow needs on a timely basis at a reasonable cost. the bank uses its liquidity to extend credit and to repay liabilities as they become due or as demanded by customers.
our primary source of liquidity is our large supply of deposits from consumer and commercial customers. the continued availability of this supply depends on customer willingness to maintain deposit balances with banks in general and us in particular. the availability of deposits can also be impacted by regulatory changes (e.g., changes in fdic insurance, liquidity requirements, etc.), changes in the financial condition of huntington, other banks, or the banking industry in general, changes in the interest rates our competitors pay on their deposits, and other events which can impact the perceived safety or economic benefits of bank deposits. while we make significant efforts to consider and plan for hypothetical disruptions in our deposit funding, market related, geopolitical, or other events could impact the liquidity derived from deposits.
we are a holding company and depend on dividends by our subsidiaries for most of our funds.
huntington is an entity separate and distinct from the bank. the bank conducts most of our operations, and huntington depends upon dividends from the bank to service huntington's debt and to pay dividends to huntington's shareholders. the availability of dividends from the bank is limited by various statutes and regulations. it is possible, depending upon the financial condition including liquidity and capital adequacy of the bank and other factors, that the occ could limit the payment of dividends or other payments to huntington by the bank. in addition, the payment of dividends by our other subsidiaries is also subject to the laws of the subsidiary's state of incorporation, and regulatory capital and liquidity requirements applicable to such subsidiaries. in the event that the bank was unable to pay dividends to us, we in turn would likely have to reduce or stop paying dividends on our preferred and common stock. our failure to pay dividends on our preferred and common stock could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our preferred and common stock. additional information regarding dividend restrictions is provided in item 1: business - regulatory matters.
if we lose access to capital markets, we may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors, creditors, and borrowers, or have the operating cash needed to fund corporate expansion and other corporate activities.
wholesale funding sources can include securitization, federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, non-core deposits, and long-term debt. the bank is also a member of the fhlb, which provides members access to funding through advances collateralized with mortgage-related assets. we maintain a portfolio of highly-rated, marketable securities that is available as a source of liquidity.
capital markets disruptions can directly impact the liquidity of huntington and the bank. the inability to access capital markets funding sources as needed could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and level of regulatory-qualifying capital. we may, from time-to-time, consider using our existing liquidity position to opportunistically retire outstanding securities in privately negotiated or open market transactions.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents a reduction in our credit rating could adversely affect our access to capital and could increase our cost of funds.
the credit rating agencies regularly evaluate huntington and the bank, and credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and ability to generate earnings, as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry, the economy, and changes in rating methodologies. there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current credit ratings. a downgrade of the credit ratings of huntington or the bank could adversely affect our access to liquidity and capital, and could significantly increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us or purchase our securities. this could affect our growth, profitability, and financial condition, including liquidity.
operational risks:
our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could fail or be breached, which could disrupt our business and adversely impact our operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm.
the potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout our business and, as a result of our interactions with, and reliance on, third parties, is not limited to our own internal operational functions. our operational and security systems and infrastructure, including our computer systems, data management, and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our performance. we rely on our employees and third parties in our day-to-day and ongoing operations, who may, as a result of human error, misconduct, malfeasance, failure, or breach of our or of third-party systems or infrastructure, expose us to risk. for example, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact or upon whom we rely. our financial, accounting, data processing, backup, or other operating or security systems and infrastructure may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which could adversely affect our ability to process transactions or provide services. such events may include: sudden increases in customer transaction volume; electrical, telecommunications, or other major physical infrastructure outages; disease pandemics; cyber-attacks; and events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including wars and terrorist attacks. additional events beyond our control that could impact our business directly or indirectly include natural disasters such as earthquakes and weather events, including tornadoes, hurricanes and floods. neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of these events can be predicted, and the frequency and severity of weather events may be impacted by climate changes. in addition, we may need to take our systems off-line if they become infected with malware or a computer virus or as a result of another form of cyber-attack. in the event that backup systems are utilized, they may not process data as quickly as our primary systems and some data might not have been saved to backup systems, potentially resulting in a temporary or permanent loss of such data. in addition, our ability to implement backup systems and other safeguards with respect to third-party systems is more limited than with respect to our own systems. we frequently update our systems to support our operations and growth and to remain compliant with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. this updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones, including business interruptions. implementation and testing of controls related to our computer systems, security monitoring, and retaining and training personnel required to operate our systems also entail significant costs. operational risk exposures could adversely impact our operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm. in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption.
2021 form 10-k table of contents we face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.
our computer systems and network infrastructure and those of third parties, on which we are highly dependent, are subject to security risks and could be susceptible to cyber-attacks, such as denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities, or identity theft. our business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. in addition, to access our network, products, and services, our customers and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network environment and are subject to their own cybersecurity risks.
we, our customers, regulators, and other third parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks. these cyber-attacks include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing attacks, denial of service or information, ransomware, improper access by employees or vendors, attacks on personal email of employees, ransom demands to not expose security vulnerabilities in our systems or the systems of third parties or other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss, or destruction of confidential, proprietary, and other information of ours, our employees, our customers, or of third parties, damage our systems or otherwise materially disrupt our or our customers' or other third parties' network access or business operations. as cyber-threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. despite efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and implement controls, processes, policies, and other protective measures, we may not be able to anticipate all security breaches, nor may we be able to implement sufficient preventive measures against such security breaches, which may result in material losses or consequences for us.
cybersecurity risks for banking organizations have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. for example, cybersecurity risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications. in addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists, and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. due to increasing geopolitical tensions, nation state cyber-attacks and ransomware are both increasing in sophistication and prevalence. targeted social engineering and email attacks (i.e. "spear phishing" attacks) are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. in such an attack, an attacker will attempt to fraudulently induce colleagues, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our clients. persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched, and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred. the speed at which new vulnerabilities are discovered and exploited often before security patches are published continues to rise. remote work further increases the risk that we may experience cyber incidents as a result of our employees, vendors, and other third parties with which we interact working remotely on less secure systems and environments.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents the risk of a security breach caused by a cyber-attack at a vendor or by unauthorized vendor access has also increased in recent years. additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks or security breaches at third-party vendors with access to our data may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner. further, our ability to monitor our vendors' cybersecurity practices is limited. although we generally have agreements relating to cybersecurity and data privacy in place with our vendors, we cannot guarantee that such agreements will prevent a cyber-incident impacting our systems or information or enable us to obtain adequate or any reimbursement from our service providers in the event we should suffer any such incidents. due to applicable laws and regulations or contractual obligations, we may be held responsible for cyber-incidents attributed to our vendors as they relate to the information we share with them.
we also face indirect technology, cybersecurity, and operational risks relating to the customers, clients, and other third parties with whom we do business or upon whom we rely to facilitate or enable our business activities, including, for example, financial counterparties, regulators, and providers of critical infrastructure such as internet access and electrical power. as a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence, and complexity of financial entities and technology systems, a technology failure, cyber-attack, or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes, or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants, including us. this consolidation, interconnectivity, and complexity increases the risk of operational failure. any third-party technology failure, cyber-attack, or other information or security breach, termination, or constraint could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk, or expand our business.
cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences. furthermore, the public perception that a cyber-attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage our reputation with customers and third parties with whom we do business. hacking of personal information and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. a successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause us serious negative consequences, including our loss of customers and business opportunities, costs associated with maintaining business relationships after an attack or breach; significant business disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation, exposure, or destruction of our confidential information, intellectual property, funds, and/or those of our customers; or damage to our or our customers' and/or third parties' computers or systems, and could result in a violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, additional compliance costs, and could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a cybersecurity event.
cybersecurity and data privacy are areas of heightened legislative and regulatory focus.
as cybersecurity and data privacy risks for banking organizations and the broader financial system have significantly increased in recent years, cybersecurity and data privacy issues have become the subject of increasing legislative and regulatory focus. the federal bank regulatory agencies have proposed regulations that would enhance cyber risk management standards, which would apply to a wide range of large financial institutions and their third-party service providers, including us and the bank, and would focus on cyber risk governance and management, management of internal and external dependencies, and incident response, cyber resilience, and situational awareness. several states have also proposed or adopted cybersecurity legislation and regulations, which require, among other things, notification to affected individuals when there has been a security breach of their personal data. for more information regarding cybersecurity and data privacy, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters".
2021 form 10-k table of contents we receive, maintain, and store non-public personal information of our customers and counterparties, including, but not limited to, personally identifiable information and personal financial information. the sharing, use, disclosure, and protection of these types of information are governed by federal and state law. both personally identifiable information and personal financial information are increasingly subject to legislation and regulation, the intent of which is to protect the privacy of personal information and personal financial information that is collected and handled. for example, in june of 2018, the governor of california signed into law the ccpa. the ccpa, which became effective on january 1, 2020, applies to for-profit businesses that conduct business in california and meet certain revenue or data collection thresholds. numerous other states have also enacted or are in the process of enacting state-level privacy, data protection and/or data security laws and regulations. for more information regarding data privacy laws and regulations, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters".
further, we make public statements about our use, collection, disclosure and other processing of personal information through our privacy policies, information provided on our website and press statements. although we endeavor to comply with our public statements and documentation, we may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. the publication of our privacy policies and other statements that provide promises and assurances about privacy, data protection and data security can subject us to potential government or legal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our actual practices.
we may become subject to new legislation or regulation concerning cybersecurity or the privacy of personally identifiable information and personal financial information or of any other information we may store or maintain. we could be adversely affected if new legislation or regulations are adopted or if existing legislation or regulations are modified such that we are required to alter our systems or require changes to our business practices or privacy policies. if cybersecurity, data privacy, data protection, data transfer, or data retention laws are implemented, interpreted, or applied in a manner inconsistent with our current practices, we may be subject to fines, litigation, or regulatory enforcement actions or ordered to change our business practices, policies, or systems in a manner that adversely impacts our operating results.
we face significant operational risks which could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and capital markets.
we are exposed to many types of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or theft by colleagues or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by colleagues or outsiders, operational errors by colleagues, business disruption, and system failures. huntington executes against a significant number of controls, a large percent of which are manual and dependent on adequate execution by colleagues and third-party service providers. there is inherent risk that unknown single points of failure through the execution chain could give rise to material loss through inadvertent errors or malicious attack. these operational risks could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and the capital markets.
moreover, negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including clients, products, and business practices; corporate governance; acquisitions; and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers and can also expose us to litigation and regulatory action.
relative to acquisitions, we incur risks and challenges associated with the integration of employees, accounting systems, and technology platforms from acquired businesses and institutions in a timely and efficient manner, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in retaining existing customer relationships or achieving anticipated operating efficiencies expected from such acquisitions. acquisitions may be subject to the receipt of approvals from certain governmental authorities, including the federal reserve, the occ, and the united states department of justice, as well as the approval of our shareholders and the shareholders of companies that we seek to acquire. these approvals for acquisitions may not be received, may take longer than expected, or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or that could have an adverse effect on the combined company following the acquisitions. subject to requisite regulatory approvals, future business acquisitions may result in the issuance and payment of additional shares of stock, which would dilute current shareholders' ownership interests. additionally, acquisitions may involve the payment of a premium over book and market values. therefore, dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share could occur in connection with any future transaction.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could impair our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud, resulting in loss of investor confidence and adversely affecting our business and our stock price.
effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. we are subject to regulation that focuses on effective internal controls and procedures. such controls and procedures are modified, supplemented, and changed from time-to-time as necessitated by our growth and in reaction to external events and developments. any failure to maintain an effective internal control environment could impact our ability to report our financial results on an accurate and timely basis, which could result in regulatory actions, loss of investor confidence, and an adverse impact on our business and our stock price.
we rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values.
quantitative models may be used to help manage certain aspects of our business and to assist with certain business decisions, including estimating expected lifetime credit losses, measuring the fair value of financial instruments when reliable market prices are unavailable, estimating the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, managing risk, and for capital planning purposes (including during the ccar capital planning and capital adequacy process). our measurement methodologies rely on many assumptions, historical analyses, and correlations. these assumptions may not capture or fully incorporate conditions leading to losses, particularly in times of market distress, and the historical correlations on which we rely may no longer be relevant. additionally, as businesses and markets evolve, our measurements may not accurately reflect this evolution. even if the underlying assumptions and historical correlations used in our models are adequate, our models may be deficient due to errors in computer code, inaccurate data, misuse of data, or the use of a model for a purpose outside the scope of the model's design.
all models have certain limitations. reliance on models presents the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporated from models will be adversely affected due to incorrect, missing, or misleading information. in addition, our models may not capture or fully express the risks we face, may suggest that we have sufficient capitalization when we do not, or may lead us to misjudge the business and economic environment in which we will operate. if our models fail to produce reliable results on an ongoing basis, we may not make appropriate risk management, capital planning, or other business or financial decisions. strategies that we employ to manage and govern the risks associated with our use of models may not be effective or fully reliable. also, information that we provide to the public or regulators based on poorly designed models could be inaccurate or misleading.
banking regulators continue to focus on the models used by banks and bank holding companies in their businesses. some of our decisions that the regulators evaluate, including distributions to our shareholders, could be affected adversely due to their perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information are insufficient.
we rely on third parties to provide key components of our business infrastructure.
we rely on third-party service providers to leverage subject matter expertise and industry best practice, provide enhanced products and services, and reduce costs. although there are benefits in entering into third-party relationships with vendors and others, there are risks associated with such activities. when entering a third-party relationship, the risks associated with that activity are not passed to the third-party but remain our responsibility. the technology committee of the board of directors provides oversight related to the overall risk management process associated with third-party relationships. management is accountable for the review and evaluation of all new and existing third-party relationships. management is responsible for ensuring that adequate controls are in place to protect us and our customers from the risks associated with vendor relationships.
increased risk could occur based on poor planning, oversight, control, and inferior performance or service on the part of the third-party, and may result in legal costs or loss of business. while we have implemented a vendor management program to actively manage the risks associated with the use of third-party service providers, any problems caused by third-party service providers could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers and to conduct our business. replacing a third-party service provider could also take a long period of time and result in increased expenses.
2021 form 10-k table of contents changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations.
the fasb, regulatory agencies, and other bodies that establish accounting standards periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of our financial statements. additionally, those bodies that establish and interpret the accounting standards (such as the fasb, sec, and banking regulators) may change prior interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied.
for further discussion, see note 2 - "accounting standards update" to the consolidated financial statements.
impairment of goodwill could require charges to earnings, which could result in a negative impact on our results of operations.
our goodwill could become impaired in the future. if goodwill were to become impaired, it could limit the ability of the bank to pay dividends to huntington, adversely impacting huntington liquidity and ability to pay dividends or repay debt. the most significant assumptions affecting our goodwill impairment evaluation are variables including the market price of our common stock, projections of earnings, the discount rates used in the income approach to fair value, and the control premium above our current stock price that an acquirer would pay to obtain control of us. we are required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually or when impairment indicators are present. if an impairment determination is made in a future reporting period, our earnings and book value of goodwill will be reduced by the amount of the impairment. if an impairment loss is recorded, it will have little or no impact on the tangible book value of our common stock, or our regulatory capital levels, but such an impairment loss could significantly reduce the bank's earnings and thereby restrict the bank's ability to make dividend payments to us without prior regulatory approval, because federal reserve policy states the bank holding company dividends should be paid from current earnings. at december 31, 2021, the book value of our goodwill was $5.3 billion, substantially all of which was recorded at the bank. any such write down of goodwill or other acquisition related intangibles will reduce huntington's earnings, as well.
climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks could adversely affect our operations, businesses and customers.
there is an increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. the physical risks of climate change include discrete events, such as flooding and wildfires, and longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, sea level rise, and more frequent and prolonged drought. under medium or longer-term scenarios, such events, if uninterrupted or unaddressed, could disrupt our operations or those of our customers or third parties on which we rely, including through direct damage to assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. additionally, transitioning to a low-carbon economy may entail extensive policy, legal, technology and market initiatives. transition risks, including changes in consumer preferences and additional regulatory requirements or supervisory expectations or taxes, could increase our expenses and undermine our strategies. in addition, our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our practices related to climate change, including our involvement, or our customers' involvement, in certain industries or projects, in the absence of mitigation and/or transition measures, associated with causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change. as climate risk is interconnected with all key risk types, we have developed and continue to enhance processes to embed climate risk considerations into our risk management strategies established for risks such as market, credit and operational risks; however, because the timing and severity of climate change may not be predictable, our risk management strategies may not be effective in mitigating climate risk exposure.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents compliance risks:
we operate in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation and financial accounting, or reporting, including changes in them, or our failure to comply with them, may adversely affect us.
the banking industry is highly regulated. we are subject to supervision, regulation, and examination by various federal and state regulators, including the federal reserve, occ, sec, cfpb, fdic, finra, and various state regulatory agencies. the statutory and regulatory framework that governs us is generally intended to protect depositors and customers, the dif, the u.s. banking and financial system, and financial markets as a whole - not to protect shareholders. these laws and regulations, among other matters, prescribe minimum capital requirements, impose limitations on our business activities (including foreclosure and collection practices), limit the dividend or distributions that we can pay, restrict the ability of institutions to guarantee our debt, and impose certain specific accounting requirements that may be more restrictive and may result in greater or earlier charges to earnings or reductions in our capital than accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. compliance with laws and regulations can be difficult and costly, and changes to laws and regulations often impose additional compliance costs. such regulation and supervision may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. further, our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, even if the failure was inadvertent or reflects a difference in interpretation, could subject us to restrictions on our business activities, fines, and other penalties, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, capital base, and the price of our securities. further, any new laws, rules, and regulations could make compliance more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial condition.
legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future that impact the financial industry may materially adversely affect us by increasing our costs, adding complexity in doing business, impeding the efficiency of our internal business processes, negatively impacting the recoverability of certain of our recorded assets, requiring us to increase our regulatory capital, limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, and otherwise resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operation, liquidity, or stock price.
both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which we are subject increased in response to the financial crisis, as well as other factors such as technological and market changes. regulatory enforcement and fines have also increased across the banking and financial services sector. compliance with these laws and regulations have resulted in and will continue to result in additional costs, which could be significant, and may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, if we do not appropriately comply with current or future legislation and regulations, especially those that apply to our consumer operations, which has been an area of heightened focus, we may be subject to fines, penalties or judgments, or material regulatory restrictions on our businesses, which could adversely affect operations and, in turn, financial results.
we expect that the biden administration will continue to implement a regulatory reform agenda that is significantly different than that of the trump administration. this reform agenda could include a heightened focus on consumer protection, fair lending, the regulation of loan portfolios and credit concentrations to borrowers impacted by climate change, heightened scrutiny on bank secrecy act and aml requirements, topics related to social equity, executive compensation, and increased capital and liquidity, as well as limits on share buybacks and dividends. in addition, mergers and acquisitions could be dampened by increased antitrust scrutiny. we also expect reform proposals for the short-term wholesale markets. it is too early for us to assess the extent to which these policies would be implemented and what their impact on our business will be.
2021 form 10-k table of contents the resolution of significant pending litigation, if unfavorable, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for a particular period.
we face legal risks in our businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remain high. substantial legal liability against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm to us, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, if unfavorable, may be material to the results of operations for a particular reporting period.
for more information on litigation risks, see note 22 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" to the consolidated financial statements.
noncompliance with the bank secrecy act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations could cause us material financial loss.
the bank secrecy act and the patriot act contain anti-money laundering and financial transparency provisions intended to detect and prevent the use of the u.s. financial system for money laundering and terrorist financing activities. the bank secrecy act, as amended by the patriot act, requires depository institutions and their holding companies to undertake activities including maintaining an anti-money laundering program, verifying the identity of clients, monitoring for and reporting suspicious transactions, reporting on cash transactions exceeding specified thresholds, and responding to requests for information by regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies. fincen, a unit of the treasury department that administers the bank secrecy act, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the federal bank regulatory agencies, as well as the united states department of justice, drug enforcement administration, and irs.
there is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the ofac. if our policies, procedures, and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures, and systems of the financial institutions that we have already acquired or may acquire in the future are deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain planned business activities, including acquisition plans, which would negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us.
for more information regarding the bank secrecy act, patriot act, anti-money laundering requirements and ofac-administered sanctions, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters".
strategic risk:
we operate in a highly competitive industry which depends on our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan and adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences.
we are subject to intense competition from both other financial institutions and from non-bank entities, including fintech companies. technology has lowered the barriers to entry, with customers having a growing variety of traditional and nontraditional alternatives, including crowdfunding, digital wallets and money transfer services. the continuous widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet services and mobile applications, and advanced atm functionality, is influencing how individuals and firms conduct their financial affairs and is changing the delivery channels for financial services. our "people-first, digitally-powered" strategic plan considers the implications of these changes in technology. additionally, these changes require us to adapt our product and services, as well as our distribution of them, to evolving industry standards and customer preferences. failure to address competitive pressures could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain customers across our businesses.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents our success depends, in part, on our ability to successfully implement our strategic plan as well as adapt existing products and services and develop competitive new products and services demanded by our customers. the widespread adoption of technologies will continue to require substantial investments to modify or adapt existing products and services and to develop new product or services. additionally, we may not be successful in executing our strategic plan, introducing new products or services, achieving market acceptance of new product or services, anticipating or reacting to customers changing preferences or attracting and retaining loyal customers.
we depend on our executive officers and key personnel to continue the implementation of our long-term business strategy and could be harmed by the loss of their services.
we believe that our continued growth and future success will depend in large part on the skills of our management team and our ability to motivate and retain these individuals and other key personnel. the loss of service of one or more of our executive officers or key personnel could reduce our ability to successfully implement our long-term business strategy, our business could suffer, and the value of our stock could be materially adversely affected. leadership changes will occur from time to time, and we cannot predict whether significant resignations will occur or whether we will be able to recruit additional qualified personnel. we believe our management team possesses valuable knowledge about the banking industry and that their knowledge and relationships would be very difficult to replicate. our success also depends on the experience of our branch managers and lending officers and on their relationships with the customers and communities they serve. the loss of these key personnel could negatively impact our banking operations. the loss of key personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results.
bank regulations regarding capital and liquidity, including the ccar assessment process and the u.s. basel iii capital and liquidity standards, could require higher levels of capital and liquidity. among other things, these regulations could impact our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase common stock, attract cost-effective sources of deposits, or require the retention of higher amounts of low yielding securities.
the federal reserve administers ccar, a periodic forward-looking quantitative assessment of huntington's capital adequacy and planned capital distributions and a review of the strength of huntington's practices to assess capital needs. the federal reserve makes a quantitative assessment of capital based on supervisory-run stress tests that assess the ability to maintain capital levels above each minimum regulatory capital ratio after making all capital actions included in huntington's capital plan, under baseline and stressful conditions throughout a nine-quarter planning horizon. the ccar process is also used to determine huntington's stress capital buffer requirement. there can be no assurance that the federal reserve or occ will respond favorably to our capital plans, planned capital actions or stress test results, and the federal reserve, occ, or other regulatory capital requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including common stock dividends and stock repurchases.
we are also required to maintain minimum capital ratios and the federal reserve and occ may determine that huntington and/or the bank, based on size, complexity, or risk profile, must maintain capital ratios above these minimums in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. in the event we are required to raise capital to maintain required minimum capital and leverage ratios or ratios above the required applicable minimums, we may be forced to do so when market conditions are undesirable or on terms that are less favorable to us than we would otherwise require. furthermore, in order to prevent becoming subject to restrictions on our ability to distribute capital or make certain discretionary bonus payments to management, the bank must maintain a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, and huntington must maintain the applicable stress capital buffer determined as part of the ccar process, which are in addition to our required minimum capital ratios.
for more information regarding ccar, stress testing, and capital and liquidity requirements, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters".
2021 form 10-k table of contents if our regulators deem it appropriate, they can take regulatory actions that could result in a material adverse impact on our financial results, ability to compete for new business, or preclude mergers or acquisitions. in addition, regulatory actions could constrain our ability to fund our liquidity needs or pay dividends. any of these actions could increase the cost of our services.
we are subject to the supervision and regulation of various state and federal regulators, including the occ, federal reserve, fdic, sec, cfpb, finra, and various state regulatory agencies. as such, we are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations, many of which are discussed in item 1: business - "regulatory matters". as part of their supervisory process, which includes periodic examinations and continuous monitoring, the regulators have the authority to impose restrictions or conditions on our activities and the manner in which we manage the organization. such actions could negatively impact us in a variety of ways, including charging monetary fines, impacting our ability to pay dividends, precluding mergers or acquisitions, limiting our ability to offer certain products or services, or imposing additional capital requirements.
under the supervision of the cfpb, our consumer and business banking products and services are subject to heightened regulatory oversight and scrutiny with respect to compliance under consumer laws and regulations. we may face a greater number or wider scope of investigations, enforcement actions, and litigation in the future related to consumer practices, thereby increasing costs associated with responding to or defending such actions. also, federal and state regulators have been increasingly focused on sales practices of branch personnel, including taking regulatory action against other financial institutions. in addition, increased regulatory inquiries and investigations, as well as any additional legislative or regulatory developments affecting our consumer businesses, and any required changes to our business operations resulting from these developments, could result in significant loss of revenue, require remuneration to our customers, trigger fines or penalties, limit the products or services we offer, require us to increase our prices and, therefore, reduce demand for our products, impose additional compliance costs on us, increase the cost of collection, cause harm to our reputation, or otherwise adversely affect our consumer businesses.
in addition, we are allowed to conduct certain activities that are financial in nature by virtue of huntington's status as an fhc, as discussed in more detail in item 1. regulatory matters. if huntington or the bank cease to meet the requirements necessary for huntington to continue to qualify as an fhc, the federal reserve may impose upon us corrective capital and managerial requirements, and may place limitations on our ability to conduct all of the business activities that we conduct as a fhc. if the failure to meet these standards persists, we could be required to divest our bank, or cease all activities other than those activities that may be conducted by a bhc but not an fhc.
reputation risk:
damage to our reputation could significantly harm our business, including our competitive position and business prospects.
our ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors, and employees is affected by our reputation. significant harm to our reputation can arise from various sources, including officer, director or employee misconduct, actual or perceived unethical behavior, conflicts of interest, security breaches, litigation or regulatory outcomes, compensation practices, failing to deliver minimum or required standards of service and quality, failing to address customer and agency complaints, compliance failures, unauthorized release of personal, proprietary or confidential information due to cyber-attacks or otherwise, perception of our environmental, social and governance practices and disclosures, and the activities of our clients, customers, and counterparties, including vendors. actions by the financial service industry generally or by institutions or individuals in the industry can adversely affect our reputation indirectly by association. in addition, adverse publicity or negative information posted on social media, whether or not factually correct, may affect our business prospects. all of these could adversely affect our growth, results of operation, and financial condition.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents risks related to the tcf merger:
we expect to continue to incur substantial costs related to the merger.
we have incurred substantial costs in connection with the merger and subsequent integration of the processes, policies, procedures, operations, and technologies and systems, including purchasing, accounting and finance, payroll, compliance, treasury management, branch operations, vendor management, risk management, lines of business, pricing and benefits. while we have attempted to accurately forecast these costs, factors that are beyond our control or that we have failed to accurately estimate could result in us incurring future charges in excess of our current estimates. these charges could be material and could materially adversely affect our future earnings.
the integration of huntington and tcf may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and huntington may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger.
the success of the merger will depend, in part, on the ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and cost savings from combining the businesses of huntington and tcf. to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from the merger, we must successfully integrate and combine the businesses of huntington and tcf in a manner that permits those cost savings to be realized. if we are not able to successfully achieve these objectives, or if we have failed to accurately estimate the anticipated benefits of the merger, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, they may take longer to realize than expected, and we may incur additional unforeseen expenses.
the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, diversion of management attention and resources, the disruption of the combined company's ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect the combined company's ability to maintain relationships with clients, customers, depositors and employees. in addition, the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic may make it more costly or more difficult to integrate our new customers and employees, which, in turn, may make it more difficult to realize anticipated synergies or cost savings in the amounts estimated, in the timeframe contemplated, or at all.
our future results may suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations.
as a result of the merger, the size, scope, and complexity of our business has increased significantly beyond that of either huntington's or tcf's business prior to the merger. our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage and achieve the benefits we have anticipated will be associated with this expanded business, challenges, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and the associated increased costs and complexity. we may also face increased scrutiny from governmental authorities as a result of the significant increase in the size of our business. there can be no assurances that we will be successful or that we will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, growth opportunities, revenue enhancements or other benefits currently anticipated.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction this md&a provides information we believe necessary for understanding our financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. the md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, notes to consolidated financial statements, and other information contained in this report. the forward-looking statements in this section and other parts of this report involve assumptions, risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including statements regarding our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, and financial performance. our actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of factors set forth under the caption "forward-looking statements" and those set forth in item 1a.
executive overview acquisition of tcf financial corporation on june 9, 2021, huntington closed the acquisition of tcf financial corporation in an all-stock transaction valued at $7.2 billion. tcf was a financial holding company headquartered in detroit, michigan with operations across the midwest. the acquisition brought increased scale and market density, as well as added new markets and capabilities. historical periods prior to june 9, 2021 reflect results of legacy huntington operations. subsequent to closing, results reflect all post-acquisition activity. for further information, refer to note 3 "acquisition of tcf financial corporation" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents
2021 financial performance review total full-year revenue increased 24% to $6.0 billion, driven from the benefits of the tcf acquisition and organic growth. in 2021, we reported net income of $1.3 billion, a 59% increase from the prior year. earnings per common share on a diluted basis for the year were $0.90, up 30% from the prior year. the reported net income was negatively impacted by tcf acquisition-related expenses totaling $701 million, or $566 million after tax ($0.44 per common share), in addition to the tcf acquisition initial provision for credit losses of $294 million, or $239 million after tax ($0.19 per common share).
net interest income for 2021 was $4.1 billion, up $878 million, or 27%, from 2020. fte net interest income for 2021 increased $882 million from 2020. the increase in fte net income reflected the benefit from a $31.7 billion, or 29%, increase in average earning assets, partially offset by a 5 basis point decrease in the fte net interest margin to 2.94%. average earning asset growth included a $17.6 billion, or 22%, increase in average loans and leases, impacted by the tcf acquisition in june 2021, and a $9.4 billion, or 39% increase in average securities. the nim compression reflected an 37 basis point decline in average earning asset yields and a 14 basis point decline in the benefit from noninterest-bearing funds, partially offset by a 46 basis point decline in average funding costs.
the provision for credit losses was $25 million, a decrease of $1.0 billion, or 98%. the current year reflects forecasted improvement in the macroeconomic scenarios resulting primarily from lower forecasted unemployment, partially offset by the tcf acquisition initial provision for credit losses of $294 million ($234 million from non-pcd loans and leases and $60 million from acquired unfunded lending commitments). prior year reflects the forecasted impact of covid-19 and the related uncertainty.
noninterest income was $1.9 billion, up $298 million, or 19%, from the prior year. noninterest expense was $4.4 billion, up $1.6 billion, or 57%, from the prior year. the increases in both noninterest income and noninterest expense were primarily impacted by the acquisition of tcf.
the tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio was 6.88%, down 29 basis points. the regulatory common equity tier 1 (cet1) risk-based capital ratio was 9.33%, down 67 basis points. the regulatory tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 10.99%, down 148 basis points. the decrease in regulatory capital ratios was driven by the repurchase of $650 million of common stock during 2021 and cash dividends, partially offset by earnings. the balance sheet growth as a result of the tcf acquisition was largely offset by the common stock issued related to the acquisition, net of goodwill and intangibles, as both are deducted from capital in the ratio calculation. the regulatory tier 1 risk-based capital and total risk-based capital ratios also reflect the issuance of $500 million of series h preferred stock in the 2021 first quarter, the issuance of $175 million of series i preferred stock in the 2021 second quarter, partially offset by the redemptions of $600 million of series d preferred stock in the 2021 third quarter and $100 million of series c preferred stock in the 2021 fourth quarter. additionally, the total risk-based capital ratio reflects the issuance of $558 million of subordinated notes in the 2021 third quarter.
on july 21, 2021, the board approved the repurchase of up to $800 million of common shares within the four quarter period from the third quarter of 2021 through the second quarter of 2022. purchases of common stock under the authorization may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, and accelerated share repurchase programs. during 2021, huntington repurchased a total of $650 million of common stock, representing 43.1 million common shares, at a weighted average price of $15.07.
2021 form 10-k table of contents business overview general our general business objectives are:
•build on our vision to become the country's leading people-first, digitally powered bank
•drive sustainable long-term revenue growth and efficiency
•deliver a category of one customer experience through proactive and personalized guidance, differentiated products, and expertise
•extend our digital capabilities with focus on ease of use, access to information, and self-service across products and services
•add scale and scope by acquiring and deepening relationships and launching of select partnerships
•maintain positive operating leverage and execute disciplined capital management
•execute effective risk management with an aggregate moderate-to-low, through-the-cycle risk appetite covid-19
although u.s. and global economies have begun to recover from the covid-19 pandemic as many health and safety restrictions have been lifted and vaccine distribution has increased, certain adverse consequences of the pandemic continue to impact the macroeconomic environment and may persist for some time, including labor shortages and disruptions of global supply chains. the growth in economic activity and demand for goods and services, alongside labor shortages and supply chain complications, has also contributed to rising inflationary pressures. the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, the rate and distribution and administration of vaccines globally, the severity and duration of any resurgence of covid-19 variants, the actions taken to contain the virus or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume.
we also expect that the temporary reduction of interest rates to near zero in response to the effects of the covid-19 pandemic will, gradually and slowly over the course of the next year, be reversed, with the frb now signaling its concerns with respect to inflation and announcing that it will begin to taper its purchase of mortgage and other bonds. the timing and impact of the expected reversal in interest rate trends is unknown.
throughout the pandemic, we have worked with our customers to originate and renew business loans as well as originate loans made available through the sba ppp, a lending program established as part of the relief to american consumers and businesses in the cares act. several subsequent congressional acts have reopened and extended the ppp loan program. during the year, we continued to work with our customers who received ppp loan forgiveness. through december 2021, $9.4 billion of the ppp loans have been forgiven by the sba of the original $11.4 billion of ppp loans originated by both huntington and tcf prior to acquisition. as of december 31, 2021, we have outstanding ppp loan balances of $1.5 billion.
economy our 2021 results reflect good execution across the bank given the economic challenges faced by our customers, colleagues, communities and the country. we proactively managed through the continued low interest rate environment and economic volatility while finding additional ways to help our communities and complete the acquisition of tcf. the economy in our footprint continues to strengthen as demonstrated by the strong close to the year in commercial lending and our increasing loan pipelines. additionally, many of the key economic indicators in the region such as unemployment rate, consumer confidence and consumer retail spending, continue to improve. we believe that huntington enters 2022 with strong momentum. we are positioned to advance the strategy and long-term financial performance of the company through investments in technology, digital innovation, marketing and people.
legislative and regulatory a comprehensive discussion of legislative and regulatory matters affecting us can be found in item 1: business - "regulatory matters" section of this form 10-k.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents table 1 - selected year to date income statements
(amounts in millions, except per share data)
year ended december 31, change from 2020                                                                    change from 2019
2021                                                                                            amount                    percent                        2020                       amount                    percent                        2019
interest income                                                $4,191                        $544                         15    %                  $3,647                      $(554)                       (13)    %                  $4,201
interest expense                                                   89                       (334)                       (79)                          423                       (565)                       (57)                          988
net interest income                                             4,102                         878                         27                        3,224                          11                          -                        3,213
provision for credit losses                                        25                     (1,023)                       (98)                        1,048                         761                        265                          287
net interest income after provision for credit losses           4,077                       1,901                         87                        2,176                       (750)                       (26)                        2,926
service charges on deposit accounts                               372                          71                         24                          301                        (71)                       (19)                          372
card and payment processing income                                334                          86                         35                          248                           2                          1                          246
mortgage banking income                                           309                        (57)                       (16)                          366                         199                        119                          167
trust and investment management services                          232                          43                         23                          189                          11                          6                          178
capital markets fees                                              151                          26                         21                          125                           2                          2                          123
insurance income                                                  105                           8                          8                           97                           9                         10                           88
leasing revenue                                                    99                          78                        371                           21                           2                         11                           19
bank owned life insurance income                                   69                           5                          8                           64                         (2)                        (3)                           66
gain on sale of loans                                               9                        (33)                       (79)                           42                        (13)                       (24)                           55
net gains (losses) on sales of securities                           9                          10                              nm                     (1)                          23                         96                         (24)
other noninterest income                                          200                          61                         44                          139                        (25)                       (15)                          164
total noninterest income                                        1,889                         298                         19                        1,591                         137                          9                        1,454
personnel costs                                                 2,335                         643                         38                        1,692                          38                          2                        1,654
outside data processing and other services                        850                         466                        121                          384                          38                         11                          346
net occupancy                                                     277                         119                         75                          158                         (1)                        (1)                          159
equipment                                                         248                          68                         38                          180                          17                         10                          163
professional services                                             113                          58                        105                           55                           1                          2                           54
marketing                                                          89                          51                        134                           38                           1                          3                           37
deposit and other insurance expense                                51                          19                         59                           32                         (2)                        (6)                           34
amortization of intangibles                                        48                           7                         17                           41                         (8)                       (16)                           49
lease financing equipment depreciation                             41                          40                              nm                       1                         (3)                       (75)                            4
other noninterest expense                                         323                         109                         51                          214                         (7)                        (3)                          221
total noninterest expense                                       4,375                       1,580                         57                        2,795                          74                          3                        2,721
income before income taxes                                      1,591                         619                         64                          972                       (687)                       (41)                        1,659
provision for income taxes                                        294                         139                         90                          155                        (93)                       (38)                          248
income after income taxes                                       1,297                         480                         59                          817                       (594)                       (42)                        1,411
income attributable to non-controlling interest                     2                           2                              nm                       -                           -                          -                            -
net income attributable to huntington bancshares inc            1,295                         478                         59                          817                       (594)                       (42)                        1,411
dividends on preferred shares                                     131                          31                         31                          100                          26                         35                           74
impact of preferred stock redemption                               11                          11                              nm                       -                           -                          -                            -
net income applicable to common shares                         $1,153                        $436                         61    %                    $717                      $(620)                       (46)    %                  $1,337
average common shares-basic                                     1,262                         245                         24    %                   1,017                        (22)                        (2)    %                   1,039
average common shares-diluted                                   1,287                         254                         25                        1,033                        (23)                        (2)                        1,056
per common share:
net income-basic                                                $0.91                       $0.20                         28    %                   $0.71                     $(0.58)                       (45)    %                   $1.29
net income-diluted                                               0.90                        0.21                         30                         0.69                      (0.58)                       (46)                         1.27
cash dividends declared                                         0.605                        0.01                          2                         0.60                        0.02                          3                         0.58
revenue-fte net interest income                                            $4,102                        $878                         27    %                  $3,224                         $11                          -    %                  $3,213
fte adjustment(1)                                                  25                           4                         19                           21                         (5)                       (19)                           26
net interest income(1)                                          4,127                         882                         27                        3,245                           6                          -                        3,239
noninterest income                                              1,889                         298                         19                        1,591                         137                          9                        1,454
total revenue(1)                                               $6,016                      $1,180                         24    %                  $4,836                        $143                          3    %                  $4,693
nm - not meaningful
(1)    on a fully-taxable equivalent (fte) basis assuming a 21% tax rate.
2021 form 10-k table of contents discussion of results of operations this section provides a review of financial performance on a consolidated basis. key consolidated balance sheet and income statement trends are discussed. all earnings per share data are reported on a diluted basis. for additional insight on financial performance, please read this section in conjunction with the "business segment discussion."
for a discussion of our results of operations for 2020 versus 2019, see "part ii, item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" discussion of results of operations included in our 2020 form 10-k, filed with the sec on february 26, 2021.
net interest income / average balance sheet our primary source of revenue is net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from earning assets (primarily loans, securities, and direct financing leases), and interest expense of funding sources (primarily interest-bearing deposits and borrowings). earning asset balances and related funding sources, as well as changes in the levels of interest rates, impact net interest income. the difference between the average yield on earning assets and the average rate paid for interest-bearing liabilities is the net interest spread. noninterest-bearing sources of funds, such as demand deposits and shareholders' equity, also support earning assets. the impact of the noninterest-bearing sources of funds, often referred to as "free" funds, is captured in the net interest margin, which is calculated as net interest income divided by average earning assets. both the net interest margin and net interest spread are presented on a fte basis, which means that tax-free interest income has been adjusted to a pretax equivalent income, assuming a 21% tax rate.
the following table shows changes in fully-taxable equivalent interest income, interest expense, and net interest income due to volume and rate variances for major categories of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities:
table 2 - change in net interest income due to changes in average volume and interest rates (1)
2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                               2020
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                     increase (decrease) from                                                                      increase (decrease) from previous year due to                                                                          previous year due to fully-taxable equivalent basis (2)                                   volume                          yield/                         total                        volume                          yield/                           total rate                                                                                        rate loans and leases                                                  $663                          $(106)                          $557                          $200                          $(655)                          $(455)
investment securities                                              174                           (195)                          (21)                            23                           (122)                            (99)
other earning assets                                                30                            (18)                            12                            50                            (55)                             (5)
total interest income from earning assets                          867                           (319)                           548                           273                           (832)                           (559)
deposits                                                            46                           (199)                         (153)                            38                           (425)                           (387)
short-term borrowings                                              (6)                             (6)                          (12)                          (21)                            (20)                            (41)
long-term debt                                                    (38)                           (131)                         (169)                             6                           (143)                           (137)
total interest expense of interest-bearing liabilities               2                           (336)                         (334)                            23                           (588)                           (565)
net interest income                                               $865                             $17                          $882                          $250                          $(244)                              $6
(1)the change in interest income or expense due to both rate and volume has been allocated between the factors in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.
(2)calculated assuming a 21% tax rate.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents table 3 - consolidated average balance sheet and net interest margin analysis
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                                           average balances change from 2020                                                                      change from 2019
2021                                                                                              amount                    percent                          2020                       amount                    percent                          2019
assets interest-bearing deposits in federal reserve bank                $8,129                      $4,255                        110    %                    $3,874                      $3,322                        602    %                      $552
interest-bearing deposits in banks                                  372                         196                        111                            176                          34                         24                            142
securities:
trading account securities                                           50                         (9)                       (15)                             59                        (77)                       (57)                            136
available-for-sale securities:
taxable                                                          19,767                       8,375                         74                         11,392                         498                          5                         10,894
tax-exempt                                                        2,916                         181                          7                          2,735                       (172)                        (6)                          2,907
total available-for-sale securities                              22,683                       8,556                         61                         14,127                         326                          2                         13,801
held-to-maturity securities-taxable                              10,000                         752                          8                          9,248                         603                          7                          8,645
other securities                                                    556                         113                         26                            443                        (28)                        (6)                            471
total securities                                                 33,289                       9,412                         39                         23,877                         824                          4                         23,053
loans held for sale                                               1,398                         277                         25                          1,121                         305                         37                            816
loans and leases: (1)
commercial:
commercial and industrial                                        36,898                       5,274                         17                         31,624                       3,339                         12                         28,285
commercial real estate:
construction                                                      1,500                         344                         30                          1,156                        (15)                        (1)                          1,171
commercial                                                        9,912                       4,014                         68                          5,898                         196                          3                          5,702
commercial real estate                                           11,412                       4,358                         62                          7,054                         181                          3                          6,873
lease financing                                                   3,739                       1,446                         63                          2,293                          29                          1                          2,264
total commercial                                                 52,049                      11,078                         27                         40,971                       3,549                          9                         37,422
consumer:
residential mortgage                                             15,953                       4,259                         36                         11,694                         607                          5                         11,087
automobile                                                       13,008                         170                          1                         12,838                         495                          4                         12,343
home equity                                                      10,018                       1,088                         12                          8,930                       (486)                        (5)                          9,416
rv and marine                                                     4,672                         796                         21                          3,876                         425                         12                          3,451
other consumer                                                    1,287                         201                         19                          1,086                       (173)                       (14)                          1,259
total consumer                                                   44,938                       6,514                         17                         38,424                         868                          2                         37,556
total loans and leases                                           96,987                      17,592                         22                         79,395                       4,417                          6                         74,978
allowance for loan and lease losses                             (1,993)                       (412)                       (26)                        (1,581)                       (795)                      (101)                          (786)
net loans and leases                                             94,994                      17,180                         22                         77,814                       3,622                          5                         74,192
total earning assets                                            140,175                      31,732                         29                        108,443                       8,902                          9                         99,541
cash and due from banks                                           1,356                         232                         21                          1,124                         282                         33                            842
goodwill and other intangible assets                              4,108                       1,907                         87                          2,201                        (45)                        (2)                          2,246
all other assets                                                  8,635                       1,590                         23                          7,045                         917                         15                          6,128
total assets                                                   $152,281                     $35,049                         30    %                  $117,232                      $9,261                          9    %                  $107,971
liabilities and shareholders' equity interest-bearing deposits:
demand deposits-interest-bearing                                $32,708                      $9,194                         39    %                   $23,514                      $3,656                         18    %                   $19,858
money market deposits                                            30,039                       4,344                         17                         25,695                       1,923                          8                         23,772
savings and other domestic deposits                              17,357                       6,637                         62                         10,720                         804                          8                          9,916
core certificates of deposit (2)                                  2,368                       (242)                        (9)                          2,610                     (2,980)                       (53)                          5,590
other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more                    353                         137                         63                            216                       (103)                       (32)                            319
negotiable cds, brokered and other deposits                       3,525                       (297)                        (8)                          3,822                       1,006                         36                          2,816
total interest-bearing deposits                                  86,350                      19,773                         30                         66,577                       4,306                          7                         62,271
short-term borrowings                                               278                       (869)                       (76)                          1,147                     (1,297)                       (53)                          2,444
long-term debt                                                    7,479                     (2,017)                       (21)                          9,496                         164                          2                          9,332
total interest-bearing liabilities                               94,107                      16,887                         22                         77,220                       3,173                          4                         74,047
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing                              37,960                      12,624                         50                         25,336                       5,275                         26                         20,061
all other liabilities                                             3,205                         832                         35                          2,373                          70                          3                          2,303
total huntington bancshares inc shareholders' equity             16,997                       4,694                         38                         12,303                         743                          6                         11,560
non-controlling interest                                             12                          12                        100                              -                           -                          -                              -
total equity                                                     17,009                       4,706                         38                         12,303                         743                          6                         11,560
total liabilities and shareholders' equity                     $152,281                     $35,049                         30    %                  $117,232                      $9,261                          9    %                  $107,971
(1)for purposes of this analysis, nals are reflected in the average balances of loans and leases.
(2)includes consumer certificates of deposit of $250,000 or more
2021 form 10-k table of contents table 3 - consolidated average balance sheet and net interest margin analysis (continued)
(dollar amounts in millions)
interest income / expense                                                                    average yield rate (1)
fte basis (2)                                                      2021                            2020                            2019                          2021                          2020                          2019
assets interest-bearing deposits in federal reserve bank              $11                              $6                             $12                          0.14    %                     0.15    %                     2.12    %
interest-bearing deposits in banks                               1                               1                               3                          0.04                          0.47                          2.01
securities:
trading account securities                                       1                               2                               3                          3.32                          3.10                          2.17
available-for-sale securities:
taxable                                                        261                             237                             295                          1.32                          2.08                          2.71
tax-exempt                                                      71                              77                             105                          2.42                          2.84                          3.61
total available-for-sale securities                            332                             314                             400                          1.46                          2.23                          2.90
held-to-maturity securities-taxable                            174                             216                             218                          1.74                          2.33                          2.52
other securities                                                10                               6                              16                          1.75                          1.41                          3.47
total securities                                               517                             538                             637                          1.55                          2.25                          2.76
loans held for sale                                             41                              34                              31                          2.96                          3.06                          3.76
loans and leases: (3)
commercial:
commercial and industrial                                    1,446                           1,166                           1,313                          3.92                          3.69                          4.64
commercial real estate:
construction                                                    55                              44                              64                          3.67                          3.84                          5.51
commercial                                                     307                             181                             273                          3.10                          3.07                          4.79
commercial real estate                                         362                             225                             337                          3.17                          3.19                          4.91
lease financing                                                186                             124                             128                          4.98                          5.42                          5.66
total commercial                                             1,994                           1,515                           1,778                          3.83                          3.70                          4.75
consumer:
residential mortgage                                           479                             406                             422                          3.00                          3.47                          3.81
automobile                                                     471                             504                             500                          3.62                          3.93                          4.05
home equity                                                    391                             358                             508                          3.90                          4.01                          5.40
rv and marine                                                  199                             181                             171                          4.27                          4.68                          4.95
other consumer                                                 112                             125                             165                          8.73                         11.48                         13.11
total consumer                                               1,652                           1,574                           1,766                          3.68                          4.10                          4.70
total loans and leases                                       3,646                           3,089                           3,544                          3.76                          3.89                          4.73
total earning assets                                        $4,216                          $3,668                          $4,227                          3.01    %                     3.38    %                     4.25    %
liabilities and shareholders' equity interest-bearing deposits:
demand deposits-interest-bearing                               $12                             $32                            $116                          0.04    %                     0.14    %                     0.58    %
money market deposits                                           21                             100                             260                          0.07                          0.39                          1.09
savings and other domestic deposits                              5                              10                              22                          0.03                          0.09                          0.22
core certificates of deposit (4)                                 1                              38                             119                          0.03                          1.44                          2.13
other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more                 1                               3                               7                          0.21                          1.18                          1.82
negotiable cds, brokered and other deposits                      5                              15                              61                          0.16                          0.38                          2.18
total interest-bearing deposits                                 45                             198                             585                          0.05                          0.30                          0.94
short-term borrowings                                            1                              13                              54                          0.20                          1.18                          2.23
long-term debt (5)                                              43                             212                             349                          0.57                          2.24                          3.74
total interest-bearing liabilities                              89                             423                             988                          0.09                          0.55                          1.34
net interest income                                         $4,127                          $3,245                          $3,239
net interest rate spread                                                                                                                                    2.92                          2.83                          2.91
impact of noninterest-bearing funds on margin                                                                                                               0.02                          0.16                          0.35
net interest margin                                                                                                                                         2.94    %                     2.99    %                     3.26    %
(1)average rates include the impact of applicable derivatives. loan and lease and deposit average rates also include impact of applicable non-deferrable and amortized fees.
(2)fte yields are calculated assuming a 21% tax rate.
(3)for purposes of this analysis, nals are reflected in the average balances of loans and leases.
(4)includes consumer certificates of deposit of $250,000 or more.
(5)reflects the benefit of $89 million mark-to-market of interest rate caps for 2021. there was no impact for 2020 or 2019.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents net interest income for 2021 increased $878 million, or 27%, from 2020. fte net interest income, a non-gaap financial measure, for 2021 increased $882 million, or 27%, from 2020. the increase reflects the benefit of a $31.7 billion, or 29%, increase in average total earning assets partially offset by a 5 basis point decrease in the fte nim to 2.94%.
the increase in average total earning assets included a $17.6 billion, or 22%, increase in average loans and leases and a $9.4 billion, or 39%, increase in average total securities. average balances across earning asset categories for 2021 reflect the late second-quarter tcf acquisition. the increase in average securities additionally reflected the purchase of securities to deploy excess liquidity. average earning asset yields decreased 37 basis points due to lower interest rates on loans and leases (down 13 basis points), a decline in securities yields (down 70 basis points) and the impact of elevated deposits at the federal reserve bank, partially offset by deferred ppp loan fees recognized upon receipt of forgiveness payments from the sba (benefit of 9 basis points) and purchase accounting net accretion (benefit of 6 basis points). average funding costs decreased 46 basis points, primarily driven by lower cost of long-term debt (down 167 basis points) and interest-bearing deposits (down 25 basis points). the benefit from noninterest-bearing funding declined 14 basis points.
provision for credit losses
(this section should be read in conjunction with the "credit risk" section.)
the provision for credit losses is the expense necessary to maintain the alll and the aulc at levels appropriate to absorb our estimate of credit losses expected over the life of the loan and lease portfolio and unfunded lending commitments.
the provision for credit losses in 2021 was $25 million, a decrease of $1.0 billion, or 98%, from 2020. the decrease in provision expense over the prior year was primarily attributed to the improvement in the macroeconomic scenarios resulting primarily from lower forecasted unemployment, partially offset by the tcf acquisition initial provision for credit losses of $294 million ($234 million from non-pcd loans and leases and $60 million from acquired unfunded lending commitments). the provision for credit losses in 2020 reflects the forecasted impact of covid-19 and the related uncertainty.
noninterest income the following table reflects noninterest income for each of the periods presented:
table 4 - noninterest income year ended december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                   change from 2020                                                           change from 2019
2021                                                                          amount                    percent                    2020                  amount                    percent                    2019
service charges on deposit accounts                  $372                   $71                         24    %                 $301                 $(71)                       (19)    %                 $372
card and payment processing income                    334                    86                         35                       248                     2                          1                       246
mortgage banking income                               309                  (57)                       (16)                       366                   199                        119                       167
trust and investment management services              232                    43                         23                       189                    11                          6                       178
capital markets fees                                  151                    26                         21                       125                     2                          2                       123
insurance income                                      105                     8                          8                        97                     9                         10                        88
leasing revenue                                        99                    78                        371                        21                     2                         11                        19
bank owned life insurance income                       69                     5                          8                        64                   (2)                        (3)                        66
gain on sale of loans                                   9                  (33)                       (79)                        42                  (13)                       (24)                        55
net gains (losses) on sales of securities               9                    10                              nm                  (1)                    23                         96                      (24)
other noninterest income                              200                    61                         44                       139                  (25)                       (15)                       164
total noninterest income                           $1,889                  $298                         19    %               $1,591                  $137                          9    %               $1,454
2021 form 10-k table of contents noninterest income was $1.9 billion, up $298 million, or 19%, from the prior year. noninterest income for 2021 was impacted by the june 2021 acquisition of tcf. card and payment processing increased $86 million, or 35%, primarily reflecting higher interchange income resulting from the tcf acquisition in addition to reduced customer activity as a result of the pandemic stay-at-home orders in the beginning of the prior year period. leasing revenue increased $78 million primarily reflecting the addition of tcf's portfolio of products. service charges on deposit accounts increased $71 million, or 24%, primarily due to the impact of the addition of tcf customers, while the prior year period reflected pandemic-related fee waivers occurring through june. other noninterest income increased $61 million, or 44%, primarily reflecting increased mezzanine investment income, increased amortization of upfront card-related contract renewal fees, purchase accounting accretion from acquired unfunded loan commitments and a gain from branch divestiture, partially offset by the prior year period gain on the annuitization of a retiree health plan. trust and investment management services income increased $43 million, or 23%, primarily reflecting higher sales production, overall market performance and the impact of tcf. capital markets fees increased $26 million, or 21%, primarily driven by increases in derivative trading fees and foreign exchange fees. offsetting these increases, mortgage banking income decreased $57 million, or 16%, largely reflecting lower secondary marketing spreads. gains on the sale of loans decreased $33 million, or 79%, due largely to the strategic decision to retain sba loans on the balance sheet.
noninterest expense the following table reflects noninterest expense for each of the periods presented:
table 5 - noninterest expense year ended december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                         change from 2020                                                                         change from 2019
2021                                                                                             amount                       percent                            2020                        amount                    percent                    2019
personnel costs                                             $2,335                            $643                            38    %                     $1,692                           $38                          2    %               $1,654
outside data processing and other services                     850                             466                           121                             384                            38                         11                       346
net occupancy                                                  277                             119                            75                             158                           (1)                        (1)                       159
equipment                                                      248                              68                            38                             180                            17                         10                       163
professional services                                          113                              58                           105                              55                             1                          2                        54
marketing                                                       89                              51                           134                              38                             1                          3                        37
deposit and other insurance expense                             51                              19                            59                              32                           (2)                        (6)                        34
amortization of intangibles                                     48                               7                            17                              41                           (8)                       (16)                        49
lease financing equipment depreciation                          41                              40                                 nm                          1                           (3)                       (75)                         4
other noninterest expense                                      323                             109                            51                             214                           (7)                        (3)                       221
total noninterest expense                                   $4,375                          $1,580                            57    %                     $2,795                           $74                          3    %               $2,721
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)          18,442                           2,864                            18    %                     15,578                          (86)                        (1)    %               15,664
impacts of tcf acquisition-related expense:
year ended december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                              2021   2020                    2019
personnel costs                                       $177                   $-                      $-
outside data processing and other services             303                   -                       -
net occupancy                                           82                   -                       -
equipment                                               16                   -                       -
professional services                                   57                   -                       -
marketing                                                5                   -                       -
other noninterest expense                               61                   -                       -
total noninterest expense adjustments                 $701                   $-                      $-
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents noninterest expense was $4.4 billion, an increase of $1.6 billion, or 57%, from the prior year primarily reflecting the impact of the tcf acquisition and the tcf acquisition-related expenses. personnel costs increased $643 million, or 38%, primarily reflecting higher salaries and incentives related to an 18% increase in average full-time equivalent employees as a result of the tcf acquisition, as well as tcf acquisition-related expenses. outside data processing and other services increased $466 million, or 121%, reflecting tcf acquisition-related expenses and an increase in technology investments. increases in net occupancy of $119 million, or 75%, equipment expense of $68 million, or 38%, professional services expense of $58 million, or 105%, and other noninterest expense of $109 million, or 51%, were primarily due to the impact of the tcf acquisition and tcf acquisition-related expenses. marketing expense increased $51 million, or 134%, reflecting deepening spend in new markets, and an increase in acquisition-related expenses. lease financing equipment depreciation increased $40 million and deposit and other insurance expense increased $19 million, or 59%, primarily reflecting the impact of the tcf acquisition.
provision for income taxes
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 1 - "significant accounting policies" and note 18 - "income taxes" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the provision for income taxes was $294 million for 2021, compared with a provision for income taxes of $155 million in 2020. the effective tax rates for 2021 and 2020 were 18.5% and 15.9%, respectively. both years included the benefits from general business credits, capital losses, tax-exempt income, tax-exempt bank owned life insurance income, and investments in qualified affordable housing projects.
as of december 31, 2021 and 2020 there was no valuation allowance on federal deferred taxes. in 2021, a $7 million increase in the provision for state income taxes, net of federal tax effect, was recorded for the portion of state deferred tax assets that are not more likely than not to be realized, compared to an increase of $5 million, net of federal tax effect, in 2020.
risk management and capital risk governance we use a multi-faceted approach to risk governance. it begins with the board of directors defining our risk appetite as aggregate moderate-to-low, through-the-cycle. this does not preclude engagement in select higher risk activities. rather, the definition is intended to represent an aggregate view of where we want our overall risk to be managed.
three board committees primarily oversee implementation and monitoring of this desired risk appetite:
•our audit committee oversees the integrity of the consolidated financial statements, including policies, procedures, and practices regarding the preparation of financial statements, the financial reporting process, disclosures, and internal control over financial reporting. the audit committee also provides assistance to our board in overseeing the internal audit division and the independent registered public accounting firm's qualifications and independence; compliance with our financial code of ethics for the chief executive officer and senior financial officers; and compliance with corporate securities trading policies.
•our risk oversight committee assists the board in overseeing management of material risks, the approval and monitoring of our capital position and plan supporting our overall aggregate moderate-to-low, through-the-cycle risk appetite, the risk governance structure, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and determining adherence to the board's stated risk appetite. the roc has oversight responsibility with respect to the full range of inherent risks: credit, market, liquidity, legal, compliance/regulatory, operational, strategic, and reputational. the roc provides assistance to our board in overseeing the credit review group. this committee also oversees our capital management and planning process, ensures that the amount and quality of capital are adequate in relation to expected and unexpected risks, and that our capital levels exceed "well-capitalized" requirements.
2021 form 10-k table of contents
•our technology committee assists our board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to all technology, cyber security, and third-party risk management strategies and plans. the committee is charged with evaluating huntington's capability to properly perform all technology functions necessary for its business plan, including projected growth, technology capacity, planning, operational execution, product development, and management capacity. our technology committee provides oversight of technology investments and plans to drive efficiency as well as to meet defined standards for risk, information security, and redundancy. our technology committee oversees the allocation of technology costs and ensures that they are understood by the board. our technology committee monitors and evaluates innovation and technology trends that may affect our strategic plans, including monitoring of overall industry trends. the technology committee reviews and provides oversight of our continuity and disaster recovery planning and preparedness.
our audit and risk oversight committees routinely hold executive sessions with our key officers engaged in accounting and risk management. on a periodic basis, the two committees meet in joint session to cover matters relevant to both, such as the construct and appropriateness of the acl, which is reviewed quarterly. all directors have access to information provided to each committee and all scheduled meetings are open to all directors.
our risk oversight and technology committees routinely hold joint sessions to cover matters relevant to both such as cybersecurity and it risk and control projects and risk assessments.
further, through our compensation committee, our board seeks to ensure its system of rewards is risk-sensitive and aligns the interests of management, creditors, and shareholders. we utilize a variety of compensation-related tools to induce appropriate behavior, including common stock ownership thresholds for the chief executive officer and certain members of senior management, a requirement to hold until retirement or exit from the company, a portion of net shares received upon exercise of stock options or release of restricted stock awards (50% for executive officers and 25% for other award recipients), equity deferrals, recoupment provisions, and the right to terminate compensation plans at any time.
management has implemented an enterprise risk management and risk appetite framework. critically important is our self-assessment process, in which each business segment produces an analysis of its risks and the strength of its risk controls. the segment analyses are combined with assessments by our risk management organization of major risk sectors (e.g., credit, market, liquidity, operational, compliance, strategic, and reputation) to produce an overall enterprise risk assessment. outcomes of the process include a determination of the quality of the overall control process, the direction of risk, and our position compared to the defined risk appetite.
management also utilizes a wide series of metrics (key risk indicators) to monitor risk positions throughout the company. in general, a range for each metric is established, which allows the company, in aggregate, to operate within an aggregate moderate-to-low, through-the-cycle risk appetite. deviations from the range will indicate if the risk being measured exceeds desired tolerance, which may then necessitate corrective action.
we also have four executive level committees to manage risk: alco, credit policy and strategy, risk management, and capital management. each committee focuses on specific categories of risk and is supported by a series of subcommittees that are tactical in nature. we believe this structure helps ensure appropriate escalation of issues and overall communication of strategies.
huntington utilizes three lines of defense with regard to risk management: (1) business segments, (2) corporate risk management, and (3) internal audit and credit review. to induce greater ownership of risk within its business segments, segment risk officers have been embedded in the business to identify and monitor risk, elevate and remediate issues, establish controls, perform self-testing, and oversee the self-assessment process. corporate risk management establishes policies, sets operating limits, reviews new or modified products/processes, ensures consistency and quality assurance within the segments, and produces the enterprise risk assessment. the chief risk officer has significant input into the design and outcome of incentive compensation plans as they apply to risk. internal audit and credit review provide additional assurance that risk-related functions are operating as intended.
a comprehensive discussion of risk management and capital matters affecting us can be found in the risk factors section included in item 1a: risk factors and the "regulatory matters" section of item 1: business of this form 10-k.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents some of the more significant processes used to manage and control credit, market, liquidity, operational, and compliance risks are described in the following sections.
credit risk credit risk is the risk of financial loss if a counterparty is not able to meet the agreed upon terms of the financial obligation. the majority of our credit risk is associated with lending activities, as the acceptance and management of credit risk is central to profitable lending. we also have credit risk associated with our investment securities portfolios (see note 4 - "investment securities and other securities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements). we engage with other financial counterparties for a variety of purposes including investing, asset and liability management, mortgage banking, and trading activities. a variety of derivative financial instruments, principally interest rate swaps, caps, floors, and collars, are used in asset and liability management activities to protect against the risk of adverse price or interest rate movements. we also use derivatives, principally loan sale commitments, in hedging our mortgage loan interest rate lock commitments and mortgage loans held for sale. while there is credit risk associated with derivative activity, we believe this exposure is minimal. (see note 1 - "significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
we focus on the early identification, monitoring, and management of all aspects of our credit risk. in addition to the traditional credit risk mitigation strategies of credit policies and processes, market risk management activities, and portfolio diversification, we use quantitative measurement capabilities utilizing external data sources, enhanced modeling technology, and internal stress testing processes. our ongoing expansion of portfolio management resources is central to our commitment to maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low, through-the-cycle risk appetite. in our efforts to identify risk mitigation techniques, we have focused on product design features, origination policies, and solutions for delinquent or stressed borrowers.
the maximum level of credit exposure to individual credit borrowers is limited by policy guidelines based on the perceived risk of each borrower or related group of borrowers. all authority to grant commitments sits with the independent credit administration function and is closely monitored and regularly updated. concentration risk is managed through limits on loan type, geography, industry, and loan quality factors. we focus predominantly on extending credit to consumer and commercial customers with existing or expandable relationships within our primary banking markets, although we will consider lending opportunities outside our primary markets if we believe the associated risks are acceptable and aligned with strategic initiatives. although we offer a broad set of products, we continue to develop new lending products and opportunities. each of these new products and opportunities goes through a rigorous development and approval process prior to implementation to ensure our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk portfolio profile.
the checks and balances in the credit process and the separation of the credit administration and risk management functions are designed to appropriately assess and sanction the level of credit risk being accepted, facilitate the early recognition of credit problems when they occur, and provide for effective problem asset management and resolution. for example, we do not extend additional credit to delinquent borrowers except in certain circumstances that substantially improve our overall repayment or collateral coverage position.
loan and lease credit exposure mix at december 31, 2021, our loans and leases totaled $111.9 billion, representing a $30.3 billion, or 37%, increase compared to $81.6 billion at december 31, 2020.
2021 form 10-k table of contents total commercial loans and leases were $61.6 billion at december 31, 2021, and represented 55% of our total loan and lease credit exposure. our commercial loan portfolio is diversified by product type, customer size, and geography, and is comprised of the following (see commercial credit discussion):
c&i - c&i loans are made to commercial customers for use in normal business operations to finance working capital needs, equipment purchases, or other projects. we focus on borrowers doing business within our geographic markets. c&i loans are generally underwritten individually and secured with the assets of the company and/or the personal guarantee of the business owners. the financing of owner-occupied facilities is considered a c&i loan even though there is improved real estate as collateral. this treatment is a result of the credit decision process, which focuses on cash flow from operations of the business to repay the debt. the operation, sale, rental, or refinancing of the real estate is not considered the primary repayment source for these types of loans. as we have expanded our c&i portfolio, we have developed a series of "vertical specialties" to ensure that new products or lending types are embedded within a structured, centralized commercial lending area with designated, experienced credit officers. these specialties are comprised of either targeted industries (for example, healthcare, food & beverage, finance and insurance, etc.) and/or lending disciplines (equipment finance, inventory finance, asset based lending, etc.), all of which requires a high degree of expertise and oversight to effectively mitigate and monitor risk. as such, we have dedicated colleagues and teams focused on bringing value-added expertise to these specialty customers.
cre - cre loans consist of loans to developers and reits supporting income-producing or for-sale commercial real estate properties. we mitigate our risk on these loans by requiring collateral values that exceed the loan amount and underwriting the loan with projected cash flow in excess of the debt service requirement. these loans are made to finance properties such as apartment buildings, office and industrial buildings, and retail shopping centers, and are repaid through cash flows related to the operation, sale, or refinance of the property. for loans secured by real estate, appropriate appraisals are obtained at origination and updated on an as needed basis in compliance with regulatory requirements and our credit policies.
construction cre - construction cre loans are loans to developers, companies, or individuals used for the construction of a commercial or residential property for which repayment will be generated by the sale or permanent financing of the property. our construction cre portfolio primarily consists of multi-family, retail, office, and warehouse project types. generally, these loans are for construction projects that have been pre-sold or pre-leased, or have secured permanent financing, as well as loans to real estate companies with significant equity invested in each project. these loans are managed by a specialized real estate lending group that actively monitors the construction phase and manages the loan disbursements according to the predetermined construction schedule.
lease financing - lease financing products are designed to address the diverse financing needs of small to large companies primarily for the acquisition of equipment. our lease financing portfolio will utilize a variety of origination partners and third-party sources including equipment manufacturers, dealers, or vendors set up under program structures to generate transactions from a nationwide footprint. high level business lines comprise of industrial finance, specialty finance, healthcare finance, technology finance, and specialized transportation, franchise, & government.
total consumer loans and leases were $50.3 billion at december 31, 2021, and represented 45% of our total loan and lease credit exposure. the consumer portfolio is comprised primarily of automobile loans, home equity lines-of-credit, residential mortgages, and rv and marine finance (see consumer credit discussion).
residential mortgage - residential mortgage loans represent loans to consumers for the purchase or refinance of a residence. these loans are generally financed over a 15-year to 30-year term, and in most cases, are extended to borrowers to finance their primary residence. applications are underwritten centrally using consistent credit policies and processes. all residential mortgage loan decisions utilize a full appraisal for collateral valuation. huntington has not originated or acquired residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options.
automobile - automobile loans are comprised primarily of loans made through automotive dealerships and include exposure in selected states outside of our primary banking markets. the exposure outside of our core footprint states represents 19% of the total exposure, with no individual state representing more than 6%.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents applications are underwritten using an automated underwriting system that applies consistent policies and processes across the portfolio.
home equity - home equity lending includes both home equity loans and lines-of-credit. this type of lending, which is secured by a first-lien or junior-lien on the borrower's residence, allows customers to borrow against the equity in their home or refinance existing mortgage debt. products include closed-end loans which are generally fixed-rate with principal and interest payments, and variable-rate, interest-only lines-of-credit which do not require payment of principal during the 10-year revolving period. the home equity line of credit converts to a 20-year amortizing structure at the end of the revolving period. applications are underwritten centrally in conjunction with an automated underwriting system. the home equity underwriting criteria is based on minimum credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, and ltv ratios, with current collateral valuations. the underwriting for the floating rate lines of credit also incorporates a stress analysis for rising interest rates.
rv and marine - rv and marine loans are loans provided to consumers for the purpose of financing recreational vehicles and boats. loans are originated on an indirect basis through a series of dealerships across 34 states. the loans are underwritten centrally using an application and decisioning system similar to automobile loans. the current portfolio includes 31% of the balances within our core footprint states.
other consumer - other consumer loans primarily consists of consumer loans not secured by real estate, including credit cards, personal unsecured loans, and overdraft balances. we originate these products within our established set of credit policies and guidelines.
the table below provides the composition of our total loan and lease portfolio:
table 6 - loan and lease portfolio composition at december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                           2021                                                2020
commercial:
commercial and industrial               $41,688                      37   %                 $33,151                      40   %
commercial real estate:
commercial                               13,090                      12                       6,164                       8
construction                              1,871                       2                       1,035                       1
commercial real estate                   14,961                      14                       7,199                       9
lease financing                           5,000                       4                       2,222                       3
total commercial                         61,649                      55                      42,572                      52
consumer:
residential mortgage                     19,256                      17                      12,141                      15
automobile                               13,434                      12                      12,778                      16
home equity                              10,550                       9                       8,894                      11
rv and marine                             5,058                       5                       4,190                       5
other consumer                            1,973                       2                       1,033                       1
total consumer                           50,271                      45                      39,036                      48
total loans and leases                 $111,920                     100   %                 $81,608                     100   %
our loan and lease portfolio is a managed mix of consumer and commercial credits. we manage the overall credit exposure and portfolio composition via a credit concentration policy. the policy designates specific loan types, collateral types, and loan structures to be formally tracked and assigned maximum exposure limits as a percentage of capital. commercial lending by naics categories, specific limits for cre project types, loans secured by residential real estate, large dollar exposures, and designated high risk loan categories represent examples of specifically tracked components of our concentration management process. there are no identified concentrations that exceed the assigned exposure limit. our concentration management policy is approved by the roc and is used to ensure a high quality, well diversified portfolio that is consistent with our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low, through-the-cycle risk appetite. changes to existing concentration limits, incorporating specific information relating to the potential impact on the overall portfolio composition and performance metrics, require the approval of the roc prior to implementation.
2021 form 10-k table of contents the table below provides our total loan and lease portfolio segregated by industry type. the changes in the industry composition from december 31, 2020 are consistent with the portfolio growth metrics.
table 7 - loan and lease portfolio by industry type
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                  december 31, 2021                                december 31, 2020
commercial loans and leases:
real estate and rental and leasing                                          $14,287                      13   %               $6,962                       9   %
manufacturing                                                                 7,401                       7                    5,556                       7
retail trade (1)                                                              6,709                       6                    5,111                       6
health care and social assistance                                             4,733                       4                    3,646                       4
finance and insurance                                                         4,595                       4                    3,389                       4
wholesale trade                                                               4,067                       4                    2,652                       3
accommodation and food services                                               3,778                       3                    3,100                       4
transportation and warehousing                                                3,096                       3                    1,401                       2
other services                                                                2,119                       2                    1,613                       2
construction                                                                  1,980                       2                    1,389                       2
professional, scientific, and technical services                              1,975                       2                    2,051                       3
arts, entertainment, and recreation                                           1,495                       1                      744                       1
admin./support/waste mgmt. and remediation services                           1,285                       1                      975                       1
utilities                                                                       932                       1                      793                       1
information                                                                     870                       1                      829                       1
public administration                                                           713                       1                      662                       1
educational services                                                            657                       -                      735                       1
agriculture, forestry, fishing and hunting                                      453                       -                      157                       -
mining, quarrying, and oil and gas extraction                                   358                       -                      601                       -
management of companies and enterprises                                         130                       -                      144                       -
unclassified/other                                                               16                       -                       62                       -
total commercial loans and leases by industry category                       61,649                      55   %               42,572                      52   %
residential mortgage                                                         19,256                      17                   12,141                      15
automobile                                                                   13,434                      12                   12,778                      16
home equity                                                                  10,550                       9                    8,894                      11
rv and marine                                                                 5,058                       5                    4,190                       5
other consumer loans                                                          1,973                       2                    1,033                       1
total loans and leases                                                     $111,920                     100   %              $81,608                     100   %
(1)    amounts include $1.5 billion and $2.4 billion of auto dealer services loans at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents commercial credit the primary factors considered in commercial credit approvals are the financial strength of the borrower, assessment of the borrower's management capabilities, cash flows from operations, industry sector trends, type and sufficiency of collateral, type of exposure, transaction structure, and the general economic outlook. while these are the primary factors considered, there are a number of other factors that may be considered in the decision process. we utilize signature approval authorities and centralized loan approval committees, led by our credit officers. the risk rating, credit exposure amount, and complexity of the credit determines the threshold for approval. credit officers who understand each local region and are experienced in the industries and loan structures of the requested credit exposure are involved in all loan decisions not requiring loan committee approval and have the primary credit authority, with the exception of small business loans. for small business loans, we utilize a centralized loan approval process for standard products and structures. in this centralized decision environment, certain individuals who understand each local region may make credit-extension decisions to preserve our commitment to the communities in which we operate. in addition to disciplined and consistent judgmental factors, a sophisticated credit scoring process is used as a primary evaluation tool in the determination of approving a loan.
in commercial lending, on-going credit management is dependent on the type and nature of the loan. we monitor all significant exposures. all commercial credit extensions are assigned internal risk ratings reflecting the borrower's pd and lgd. this two-dimensional rating methodology provides granularity in the portfolio management process. the pd is rated and applied at the borrower level. the lgd is rated and applied based on the specific type of credit extension and the quality and lien position associated with the underlying collateral. the internal risk ratings are assessed at origination and updated at each periodic monitoring event. there is also extensive macro-portfolio management analysis. we review and adjust our risk-rating criteria based on actual experience, which provides us with the current risk level in the portfolio and is the basis for determining an appropriate acl amount. a centralized portfolio management team monitors and reports on the performance of the entire commercial portfolio, including small business loans, to provide consistent oversight.
in addition to the initial credit analysis conducted during the approval process, our credit review group performs testing to provide an independent review and assessment of the quality and risk of new loan originations. this group is part of our risk management area and conducts portfolio reviews on a risk-based cycle to evaluate individual loans, validate risk ratings, and test the consistency of credit processes.
our standardized loan grading system considers many components that directly correlate to loan quality and likelihood of repayment, one of which is guarantor support. on an at least annual basis, we consider, among other things, the guarantor's reputation and creditworthiness, where available, along with various key financial metrics such as liquidity and net worth. our assessment of the guarantor's credit strength, or lack thereof, is reflected in our risk ratings for such loans, which is directly tied to, and an integral component of, our acl methodology. when a loan goes to impaired status, viable guarantor support is considered in the determination of a credit loss.
if our assessment of the guarantor's credit strength yields an inherent capacity to perform, we will seek repayment from the guarantor as part of the collection process and have done so successfully.
substantially all loans categorized as classified (see note 5 "loans / leases" of the notes to consolidated financial statements) are managed by frg. frg is a specialized group of credit professionals that handle the day-to-day management of workouts, commercial recoveries, and problem loan sales. its responsibilities include developing and implementing action plans, assessing risk ratings, and determining the appropriateness of the allowance, the accrual status, and the ultimate collectability of the classified loan portfolio.
c&i portfolio we manage the risks inherent in the c&i portfolio through origination policies, a defined loan concentration policy with established limits, on-going loan-level and portfolio-level reviews, recourse requirements, and continuous portfolio risk management activities. our origination policies for the c&i portfolio include loan product-type specific policies such as ltv and debt service coverage ratios, as applicable.
2021 form 10-k table of contents the c&i portfolio continues to have solid origination activity while we maintain a focus on high quality originations. we continue to maintain a proactive approach to identifying borrowers that may be facing financial difficulty in order to maximize the potential credit outcomes. subsequent to the origination of the loan, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations.
cre portfolio we manage the risks inherent in this portfolio specific to cre lending, focusing on the quality of the developer and the specifics associated with each project. generally, we: (1) limit our loans to 80% of the appraised value of the commercial real estate at origination, (2) require net operating cash flows to be 120% of required interest and principal payments, and (3) if the commercial real estate is non-owner occupied, require that pre-leasing generate break-even interest-only debt service. we actively monitor both geographic and project-type concentrations and performance metrics of all cre loan types, with a focus on loans identified as higher risk based on the risk rating methodology. both macro-level and loan-level stress-test scenarios based on existing and forecast market conditions are part of the on-going portfolio management process for the cre portfolio.
dedicated real estate professionals originate and manage the portfolio. the portfolio is diversified by project type and loan size, and this diversification represents a significant portion of the credit risk management strategies employed for this portfolio. subsequent to the origination of the loan, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations.
appraisal values are obtained in conjunction with all originations and renewals, and on an as-needed basis, in compliance with regulatory requirements and to ensure appropriate decisions regarding the on-going management of the portfolio reflect the changing market conditions. appraisals are obtained from approved vendors and are reviewed by an internal appraisal review group comprised of certified appraisers to ensure the quality of the valuation used in the underwriting process. we continue to perform on-going portfolio level reviews within the cre portfolio. these reviews generate action plans based on occupancy levels or sales volume associated with the projects being reviewed. this highly individualized process requires working closely with all of our borrowers, as well as an in-depth knowledge of cre project lending and the market environment.
lease financing we manage the risks inherent in the lease financing portfolio through external consumer and business credit scoring solutions, internally developed custom probability of default and loss given default models, continuous portfolio risk management activities, and equipment and customer diversification. our origination policies are aligned by transaction size with increased use of the personal guarantee of principals and external credit scoring tools for smaller transactions and expanded financial analysis and reporting requirements for larger transactions. our program focuses on high-quality manufacturer, distributor, vendor, or third party originations sources with in-depth partner diligence. the lease financing group may use manufacturer loss risk share programs that provide additional transaction support, but the origination strategy prioritizes strong customer financial condition.
high level business lines are comprised of industrial finance, specialty finance, healthcare finance, technology finance, and specialized transportation, franchise, and government with multiple segments under each main line. we also have specific equipment types or industries designated as low tolerance with additional front-end guidance and diligence requirements. subsequent to the origination of the lease, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new lease originations.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents consumer credit consumer credit approvals are based on, among other factors, the financial strength and payment history of the borrower, type of exposure, and transaction structure. consumer credit decisions are generally made in a centralized environment utilizing decision models. importantly, certain individuals who understand each local region have the authority to make credit extension decisions to preserve our focus on the local communities in which we operate. for all classes within the consumer loan portfolio, loans are assigned pool level pd factors based on the fico range within which the borrower's credit bureau score falls. the credit bureau score is widely accepted as the standard measure of consumer credit risk used by lenders, regulators, rating agencies, and consumers. the lgd is related to the type of collateral associated with the credit extension, which typically does not change over the course of the loan term. this allows huntington to maintain a current view of the customer for credit risk management and acl purposes.
in consumer lending, credit risk is managed from a segment (i.e., loan type, collateral position, geography, etc.) and vintage performance analysis. all portfolio segments are continuously monitored for changes in delinquency trends and other asset quality indicators. we make extensive use of portfolio assessment models to continuously monitor the quality of the portfolio, which may result in changes to future origination strategies. the credit review group conducts ongoing independent credit origination and process reviews to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the consumer credit processes.
collection actions by our customer assistance team are initiated as needed through a centrally managed collection and recovery function. we employ a series of collection methodologies designed to maintain a high level of effectiveness, while maximizing efficiency. in addition to the consumer loan portfolio, the customer assistance team is responsible for collection activity on all sold and securitized consumer loans and leases. collection practices include a single contact point for the majority of the residential real estate secured portfolios.
residential real estate secured portfolios the properties securing our residential mortgage and home equity portfolios are primarily located within our geographic footprint. huntington continues to support our local markets with consistent underwriting across all residential secured products. the residential secured portfolio originations continue to be of high quality. our portfolio management strategies associated with our home savers group allow us to focus on effectively helping our customers with appropriate solutions for their specific circumstances.
huntington underwrites all residential mortgage applications centrally, with a focus on higher quality borrowers. we do not originate residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options. residential mortgages are originated based on a completed full appraisal during the credit underwriting process. we update values in compliance with applicable regulations to facilitate our portfolio management, as well as our workout and loss mitigation functions.
we are subject to repurchase risk associated with residential mortgage loans sold in the secondary market. an appropriate level of reserve for representations and warranties related to residential mortgage loans sold has been established to address this repurchase risk inherent in the portfolio.
automobile portfolio our strategy in the automobile portfolio continues to focus on high quality borrowers as measured by both fico and internal custom scores, combined with appropriate ltvs, terms, and profitability. our strategy and operational capabilities allow us to appropriately manage the origination quality across the entire portfolio, including our newer markets. although increased origination volume and entering new markets can be associated with increased risk levels, we believe our disciplined strategy and operational processes significantly mitigate these risks.
we have continued to consistently execute our value proposition and take advantage of available market opportunities. importantly, we have maintained our high credit quality standards while expanding the portfolio.
rv and marine portfolio our strategy in the rv and marine portfolio focuses on high quality borrowers, combined with appropriate ltvs, terms, and profitability. although entering new markets can be associated with increased risk levels, we believe our disciplined strategy and operational processes significantly mitigate these risks.
2021 form 10-k table of contents credit quality
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 5 "loans / leases and note 6 "allowance for credit losses" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
we believe the most meaningful way to assess overall credit quality performance is through an analysis of specific performance ratios. this approach forms the basis of the discussion in the sections immediately following: npas, nals, acl, and ncos. in addition, we utilize delinquency rates, risk distribution and migration patterns, product segmentation, and origination trends in the analysis of our credit quality performance.
credit quality performance in 2021 reflected ncos of $215 million, or 0.22% of average total loans and leases, a decrease from $449 million or 0.57% in the prior year. the decrease was driven by $182 million decrease in commercial ncos and a $52 million decrease in consumer ncos. npas increased by $187 million, or 33%, to $750 million, largely driven by the tcf acquisition. the acl to total loans ratio decreased to 1.88% at december 31, 2021 compared to 2.29% at december 31, 2020, primarily reflecting the improvement in the macroeconomic scenarios resulting primarily from lower forecasted unemployment. the prior year reflects the forecasted impact of covid-19 and the related uncertainty.
npas and nals npas consist of (1) nals, which represent loans and leases no longer accruing interest, (2) oreo properties, and (3) other npas. any loan in our portfolio may be placed on nonaccrual status prior to the policies described below when collection of principal or interest is in doubt. also, when a borrower with discharged non-reaffirmed debt in a chapter 7 bankruptcy is identified and the loan is determined to be collateral dependent, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status.
commercial loans are placed on nonaccrual status at 90-days past due, or earlier if repayment of principal and interest is in doubt. of the $522 million of commercial related nals at december 31, 2021, $382 million, or 73%, represent loans that were less than 30-days past due, demonstrating our continued commitment to proactive credit risk management. with the exception of residential mortgage loans guaranteed by government organizations which continue to accrue interest, first lien loans secured by residential mortgage collateral are placed on nonaccrual status at 150-days past due. junior-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at the earlier of 120-days past due or when the related first-lien loan has been identified as nonaccrual. automobile, rv and marine and other consumer loans are generally fully charged-off at 120-days past due, and if not fully charged-off is placed on non-accrual.
when loans are placed on nonaccrual, any accrued interest is reversed against interest income. when, in our judgment, the borrower's ability to make required interest and principal payments has resumed and collectability is no longer in doubt, the loan or lease could be returned to accrual status.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents the following table reflects period-end nals and npas detail:
table 8 - nonaccrual loans and leases and nonperforming assets december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                          2021                                            2020
nonaccrual loans and leases (nals):
commercial and industrial                                                     $370                                            $349
commercial real estate                                                         104                                              15
lease financing                                                                 48                                               4
residential mortgage                                                           111                                              88
automobile                                                                       3                                               4
home equity                                                                     79                                              70
rv and marine                                                                    1                                               2
total nonaccrual loans and leases                                              716                                             532
other real estate, net:
residential                                                                      8                                               4
commercial                                                                       1                                               -
total other real estate, net                                                     9                                               4
other npas (1)                                                                  25                                              27
total nonperforming assets                                                    $750                                            $563
nonaccrual loans and leases as a % of total loans and leases                  0.64       %                                    0.65       %
npa ratio (2)                                                                 0.67                                            0.69
(1)other nonperforming assets include certain impaired investment securities and/or nonaccrual loans held-for-sale.
(2)nonperforming assets divided by the sum of loans and leases, other real estate owned, and other npas.
total npas increased $187 million, or 33%, compared with december 31, 2020, largely driven by the tcf acquisition.
acl our acl is comprised of two different components, both of which in our judgment are appropriate to absorb lifetime expected credit losses in our loan and lease portfolio: the alll and the aulc.
we use a statistically-based models that employ assumptions about current and future economic conditions throughout the contractual life of the loan. the process of estimating expected credit losses is based on three key parameters: pd, ead, and lgd. beyond the reasonable and supportable period (two to three years), the economic variables revert to a historical equilibrium at a pace dependent on the state of the economy reflected within the economic scenario.
these three parameters, pd, ead, and lgd, are utilized to estimate the cumulative credit losses over the remaining expected life of the loan. we also consider the likelihood a previously charged-off account will be recovered. this calculation is dependent on how long ago the account was charged-off and future economic conditions, which estimate the likelihood and magnitude of recovery. our models are developed using internal historical loss experience covering the full economic cycle and consider the impact of account characteristics on expected losses.
future economic conditions consider multiple macroeconomic scenarios provided to us by an independent third party and are reviewed through the appropriate committee governance channels described below. these macroeconomic scenarios contain certain variables that are influential to our modeling process, the most significant being unemployment rates and gdp. the probability weights assigned to each scenario are generally expected to be consistent from period to period. any changes in probability weights must be supported by appropriate documentation and approval of senior management. additionally, we consider whether to adjust the modeled estimates to address possible limitations within the models or factors not captured within the macroeconomic scenarios. lifetime losses for most of our loans and leases are evaluated collectively based on similar risk characteristics, risk ratings, origination credit bureau scores, delinquency status, and remaining months within loan agreements, among other factors.
2021 form 10-k table of contents the macroeconomic scenarios evaluated by huntington during the 2021 fourth quarter continued to reflect the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. the baseline scenario used at year-end assumes that the worst of the economic disruption from the pandemic has passed, with the expectation that subsequent waves of the virus will not carry the same level of economic disruption experienced to date. the unemployment variable is incorporated within our models as both a rate of change variable and an absolute level variable. historically, changes in unemployment have taken gradual paths resulting in more measured impacts each quarter.
the table below is intended to show how the forecasted path of these key macroeconomic variables has changed since the end of 2020:
table 9 - forecasted key macroeconomic variables
2020                    2021                                                                                     2022
baseline scenario forecast                   q4                      q2                             q4                      q2                      q4
unemployment rate (1)
4q 2020                                      7.2%                    7.5%                         7.2%                    6.4%                    5.5%
4q 2021                                      n/a                     n/a                           4.5                     3.7                     3.5
gross domestic product (1)
4q 2020                                      3.0%                    3.8%                         5.8%                    4.4%                    3.9%
4q 2021                                      n/a                     n/a                           6.6                     3.6                     2.5
(1)values reflect the baseline scenario forecast inputs for each period presented, not updated for subsequent actual amounts.
management continues to assess the uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, including uncertainty related to the covid-19 pandemic, and considered multiple macroeconomic forecasts that reflected a range of possible outcomes in order to address such uncertainty. while we have incorporated estimates of economic uncertainty into our acl, the ultimate impact the unprecedented levels of government fiscal and monetary actions will have on the economy, including inflation and our credit losses remain uncertain.
management develops additional analytics to support adjustments to our modeled results. our governance committees reviewed model results of each economic scenario for appropriate usage, concluding that the quantitative transactional reserve (collectively assessed) will continue to utilize scenario weighting. given the uncertainty associated with key economic scenario assumptions, the december 31, 2021 acl included a general reserve that consists of various risk profile components, including profiles related to the commercial real estate portfolio, to capture economic uncertainty not addressed within the quantitative transaction reserve.
our acl methodology committee is responsible for developing the methodology, assumptions and estimates used in the calculation, as well as determining the appropriateness of the acl. the alll represents the estimate of lifetime expected losses in the loan and lease portfolio at the reported date. the loss modeling process uses an ead concept to calculate total expected losses on both funded balances and unfunded lending commitments, where appropriate. losses related to the unfunded lending commitments are then recorded as aulc within other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. a liability for expected credit losses for off-balance sheet credit exposures is recognized if huntington has a present contractual obligation to extend the credit and the obligation is not unconditionally cancelable.
the aulc is determined by applying the same quantitative reserve determination process to the unfunded portion of the loan exposures adjusted by an applicable funding expectation. (see note 1 - "significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
our acl evaluation process includes the on-going assessment of credit quality metrics, and a comparison of certain acl benchmarks to current performance. the absolute level of the acl balance increased year over year, driven by the impact of the tcf acquisition. however, all of the relevant allowance coverage ratios have improved from the prior year end, while still reflecting the level of uncertainty around the future macroeconomic environment resulting from the covid-19 pandemic and indicated inflationary pressures. for further information, including the alll and aulc activity by portfolio segment, refer to note 6 "allowance for credit losses" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents the table below reflects the allocation of our alll among our various loan categories and the reported acl:
table 10 - allocation of allowance for credit losses (1)
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                                      december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                      2020
acl commercial commercial and industrial                $832                            37    %                       $879                            40    %
commercial real estate                    586                            14                             297                             9
lease financing                            44                             4                              60                             3
total commercial                        1,462                            55                           1,236                            52
consumer residential mortgage                      145                            17                              79                            15
automobile                                108                            12                             166                            16
home equity                                88                             9                             124                            11
rv and marine                             105                             5                             129                             5
other consumer                            122                             2                              80                             1
total consumer                            568                            45                             578                            48
total alll                              2,030                           100    %                      1,814                           100    %
aulc                                       77                                                            52
total acl                              $2,107                                                        $1,866
total alll as % of:
total loans and leases                                                 1.81    %                                                     2.22    %
nonaccrual loans and leases                                             284                                                           341
npas                                                                    271                                                           323
total acl as % of:
total loans and leases                                                 1.88    %                                                     2.29    %
nonaccrual loans and leases                                             294                                                           351
npas                                                                    281                                                           332
(1)percentages represent the percentage of each loan and lease category to total loans and leases.
at december 31, 2021, the acl was $2.1 billion or 1.88% of total loans and leases, compared to $1.9 billion or 2.29% at december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily related to the tcf acquisition and associated allowance attributable to the acquired loans and leases and unfunded lending commitments, partially offset by improvement in the forecasted macroeconomic environment resulting from anticipated lower unemployment and higher gdp.
ncos a loan in any portfolio may be charged-off prior to the policies described below if a loss confirming event has occurred. loss confirming events include, but are not limited to, bankruptcy (unsecured), continued delinquency, foreclosure, or receipt of an asset valuation indicating a collateral deficiency where that asset is the sole source of repayment. additionally, discharged, collateral dependent non-reaffirmed debt in chapter 7 bankruptcy filings will result in a charge-off to estimated collateral value, less anticipated selling costs at the time of discharge.
commercial loans are either charged-off or written down to net realizable value by 90-days past due with the exception of administrative small ticket lease delinquencies. automobile loans, rv and marine, and other consumer loans are generally fully charged-off at 120-days past due. first-lien and junior-lien home equity loans are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due and 120-days past due, respectively. residential mortgages are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due. the remaining balance is in delinquent status until a modification can be completed, or the loan goes through the foreclosure process.
2021 form 10-k table of contents the following table reflects nco detail:
table 11 - net loan and lease charge-offs
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                     year ended december 31,
2021                                                                                    2020                        2019
net charge-offs by loan and lease type:
commercial:
commercial and industrial                                $99                        $287                        $123
commercial real estate:
construction                                             (1)                           -                         (2)
commercial                                                18                          43                         (1)
commercial real estate                                    17                          43                         (3)
lease financing                                           44                          12                           5
total commercial                                         160                         342                         125
consumer:
residential mortgage                                     (1)                           3                           6
automobile                                               (6)                          33                          32
home equity                                              (5)                           6                           8
rv and marine                                              5                          12                          11
other consumer                                            62                          53                          83
total consumer                                            55                         107                         140
total net charge-offs (1)                               $215                        $449                        $265
net charge-offs - annualized percentages:
commercial:
commercial and industrial                               0.27   %                    0.91   %                    0.44   %
commercial real estate:
construction                                          (0.07)                      (0.05)                      (0.15)
commercial                                              0.18                        0.74                      (0.02)
commercial real estate                                  0.14                        0.61                      (0.05)
lease financing                                         1.18                        0.54                        0.19
total commercial                                        0.31                        0.84                        0.33
consumer:
residential mortgage                                       -                        0.03                        0.06
automobile                                            (0.05)                        0.26                        0.26
home equity                                           (0.05)                        0.07                        0.08
rv and marine                                           0.10                        0.31                        0.31
other consumer                                          4.84                        4.84                        6.62
total consumer                                          0.12                        0.28                        0.37
net charge-offs as a % of average loans (1)             0.22   %                    0.57   %                    0.35   %
(1) net charge-offs and associated metrics for the year ended december 31, 2021 exclude $80 million of charge-offs recognized immediately upon completion of the tcf acquisition and related to required purchase accounting treatment.
ncos decreased $234 million, or 52%, in 2021 compared to 2020. the decrease was evident across both the commercial and consumer portfolios. the commercial decrease was primarily a function of elevated losses associated within the oil and gas portfolio in 2020, while the consumer decrease was broad based due to positive portfolio performance throughout 2021.
market risk market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices, including the correlation among these factors and their volatility. when the value of an instrument is tied to such external factors, the holder faces market risk. we are primarily exposed to interest rate risk as a result of offering a wide array of financial products to our customers and secondarily to price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiaries, foreign exchange positions, equity investments, and investments in securities backed by mortgage loans.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents we measure market risk exposure via financial simulation models, which provide management with insights on the potential impact to net interest income and other key metrics as a result of changes in market interest rates. models are used to simulate cash flows and accrual characteristics of the balance sheet based on assumptions regarding the slope or shape of the yield curve, the direction and volatility of interest rates, and the changing composition and characteristics of the balance sheet resulting from strategic objectives and customer behavior. assumptions and models provide insight on forecasted balance sheet growth and composition, and the pricing and maturity characteristics of current and future business.
in measuring the financial risks associated with interest rate sensitivity in our balance sheet, we compare a set of alternative interest rate scenarios to the results of a base case scenario derived using market forward rates. the market forward reflects the market consensus regarding the future level and slope of the yield curve across a range of tenor points. the standard set of interest rate scenarios includes two types: "shock" scenarios which are instantaneous parallel rate shifts, and "ramp" scenarios where the parallel shift is applied gradually over the first 12 months of the forecast on a pro rata basis. in both shock and ramp scenarios with falling rates, we presume that market rates will not go below 0%. the scenarios are inclusive of all executed interest rate risk hedging activities. forward starting hedges are included to the extent that they have been transacted and that they start within the measurement horizon.
interest rate risk measurement is calculated and reported to the board of directors at least quarterly. a comprehensive discussion of risk management governance can be found in item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the "risk governance" section of this form 10-k.
we use two approaches to model interest rate risk: net interest income at risk (nii at risk) and economic value of equity at risk modeling sensitivity analysis (eve at risk).
table 12 - net interest income at risk net interest income at risk (%)
basis point change scenario                  -25                  +100                          +200
december 31, 2021                      -2.4        4.6                           8.9
december 31, 2020                      -1.1        3.4                           7.3
the nii at risk results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. it models gradual ("ramp" as defined above) +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates, implied by the forward yield curve over the next twelve months as well as an instantaneous parallel shock of -25 basis points.
the nii at risk shows that the balance sheet is asset sensitive at both december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020. the increase in sensitivity is primarily driven by changes in market interest rate expectations, and the size and mix of the balance sheet.
table 13 - economic value of equity at risk economic value of equity at risk (%)
basis point change scenario                  -25                  +100                          +200
december 31, 2021                      -0.1                       -1.5                          -5.6
december 31, 2020                      -0.7        1.4                                          -0.1
the eve results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. it models immediate -25, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts ("shocks" as defined above) in market interest rates.
as of december 31, 2021, the eve depicts a liability sensitive (long duration) balance sheet profile. the change in sensitivity from december 31, 2020 asset sensitive (short duration) position was driven primarily by changes in the spot market rate curve impacting forecasted runoff expectations, and the size and composition of the balance sheet as a result of the tcf acquisition.
2021 form 10-k table of contents we have libor-based exposure in the form of variable rate loans, derivatives, series b preferred stock, long term debt and other securities and financial arrangements. to address the discontinuance of libor in its current form, we established a libor transition team and project plan under the oversight of the cro and cfo, providing periodic updates to the roc. as of december 31, 2021, huntington ceased issuance of new libor loans. all legacy huntington contracts that reference libor have been reviewed to determine if fallback language is needed and legacy tcf contracts are in the review process. remediation efforts coordinated by the libor transition team will be complete by june of 2023. source systems have been updated to support alternative reference rates. at this time alternative reference rates are predominantly sofr based. as such, we have developed a sofr-enabled interest rate risk monitoring framework and a strategy for managing interest rate risk during the transition from libor to sofr. we continue to monitor market developments and regulatory updates, including the recent announcements from the ice benchmark administrator to extend the cessation date for several usd libor tenors to june 30, 2023. for a discussion of the risks associated with the libor transition to alternative reference rates, refer to "item 1a: risk factors."
use of derivatives to manage interest rate risk an integral component of our interest rate risk management strategy is the use of derivative instruments to minimize significant fluctuations in earnings caused by changes in market interest rates. examples of derivative instruments that we may use as part of our interest rate risk management strategy include interest rate swaps, caps and floors, forward contracts, and forward starting interest rate swaps.
table 14 shows all swap and floor positions, and cap positions that existed at the prior year end, that are utilized for purposes of managing our exposures to the variability of interest rates. the interest rates variability may impact either the fair value of the assets and liabilities or impact the cash flows attributable to net interest margin. these positions are used to protect the fair value of asset and liabilities by converting the contractual interest rate on a specified amount of assets and liabilities (i.e., notional amounts) to another interest rate index. the positions are also used to hedge the variability in cash flows attributable to the contractually specified interest rate by converting the variable rate index into a fixed rate. the volume, maturity and mix of derivative positions change frequently as we adjust our broader interest rate risk management objectives and the balance sheet positions to be hedged. for further information, including the notional amount and fair values of these derivatives, refer to note 20 "derivative financial instruments" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents the following tables present additional information about the interest rate swaps and floors used in huntington's asset and liability management activities at december 31, 2021 and interest rate swaps, caps and floors at december 31, 2020.
table 14 - weighted-average maturity, receive rate and libor reset rate on asset liability management instruments december 31, 2021
notional value                           average maturity (years)                                fair                           weighted-average fixed rate                           weighted-average reset rate value
(dollar amounts in millions)
asset conversion swaps receive fixed - pay 1 month libor                                     $10,775                                           1.88                                      $58                                            1.38           %                                      0.11           %
pay fixed - receive 1 month libor (1)                                   1,625                                           8.83                                       34                                            1.08                                                  0.10
pay fixed - receive sofr                                                   67                                           7.98                                        -                                            1.32                                                     -
pay fixed - receive 1 month libor - forward starting                    6,500                                           3.97                                       78                                            0.90                                                     -
pay fixed - receive sofr - forward starting (3)                            36                                           7.32                                        -                                            1.29
liability conversion swaps receive fixed - pay 1 month libor                                       1,928                                           2.16                                       54                                            2.13                                                  0.10
basis swaps pay sofr- receive fed fund (economic hedges) (4)                         $230                                                      3.66                            $-                                            0.08                                                  0.06
pay fed fund - receive sofr (economic hedges) (4)                          41                                           0.98                                        -                                            0.05                                                  0.08
total swap portfolio                                                  $21,202                                                                                    $224
december 31, 2021
notional value                           average maturity (years)                                fair                         weighted-average floor strike                                      weighted-average value                                                                                                  reset rate
(dollar amounts in millions)
interest rate floors purchased interest rate floors - 1 month libor                           $375                                           0.06                                       $2                                            1.93           %                                      0.10           %
total floors portfolio                                                   $375                                                                                      $2
december 31, 2020
notional value                           average maturity (years)                                fair                                      weighted-average                                      weighted-average value                                            fixed rate                                            reset rate
(dollar amounts in millions)
asset conversion swaps receive fixed - pay 1 month libor                                      $6,525                                           2.03                                     $231                                            1.81           %                                      0.15           %
pay fixed - receive 1 month libor (1)                                   3,076                                           1.99                                        3                                            0.17                                                  0.15
receive fixed - pay 1 month libor - forward starting (4)                  750                                           3.29                                       23                                            1.24                                                     -
pay fixed - receive 1 month libor - forward starting (5)                  408                                           9.08                                        2                                            0.68                                                     -
liability conversion swaps receive fixed - pay 1 month libor                                       5,397                                           2.02                                      262                                            2.28                                                  0.15
receive fixed - pay 3 month libor                                         800                                           0.21                                        5                                            1.31                                                  0.22
basis swaps pay sofr- receive fed fund (economic hedges) (3)                         $230                                                      4.66                            $-                                            0.09                                                  0.10
pay fed fund - receive sofr (economic hedges) (3)                          41                                           1.98                                        -                                            0.09                                                  0.09
total swap portfolio                                                  $17,227                                                                                    $526
december 31, 2020
notional value                           average maturity (years)                                fair                                      weighted-average                                      weighted-average value                                          floor strike                                            reset rate
(dollar amounts in millions)
interest rate floors purchased interest rate floors - 1 month libor                         $7,200                                           0.37                                      $59                                            1.81           %                                      0.15           %
purchased floor spread - 1 month libor                                    400                                           1.74                                        7                                                 2.50 / 1.50                                      0.15
purchased floor spread - 1 month libor forward starting (6)             2,500                                           3.72                                       76                                                 1.65 / 0.70                                         -
purchased floor spread - 1 month libor (economic hedges)                1,000                                                      2.29                            18                                                 1.75 / 1.00                                      0.16
interest rate caps purchased cap - 1 month libor (economic hedges)                         5,000                                                      6.91                            91                                            0.98                                                  0.15
total caps and floors portfolio                                       $16,100                                                                                    $251
(1)amounts include interest rate swaps as fair value hedges of fixed-rate investment securities using the last-of-layer method.
(2)forward starting swaps effective starting between june 2022 and february 2023.
(3)forward starting swaps effective starting january 2022.
(4)swaps have variable pay and variable receive resets. weighted average fixed rate column represents pay rate reset.
(5)forward starting swaps and caps effective starting in april 2021.
(6)forward starting swaps become effective starting from january 2021 to may 2021.
(7)forward starting floors become effective starting from march 2021 to june 2021.
2021 form 10-k table of contents net interest income in 2021 was benefited by $89 million mark-to-market of interest rate caps. the mark-to-market is not included in the nii at risk calculations above. the interest rate caps were terminated in the 2021 second quarter.
msrs
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 7 - "mortgage loan sales and servicing rights" of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
at december 31, 2021, we had a total of $351 million of capitalized msrs representing the right to service $31.0 billion in mortgage loans.
msr fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments and declines in credit quality. prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise. we also employ hedging strategies to reduce the risk of msr fair value changes or impairment. however, volatile changes in interest rates can diminish the effectiveness of these economic hedges. we report changes in the msr value net of hedge-related trading activity in the mortgage banking income category of noninterest income.
msr assets are included in servicing rights and other intangible assets in the consolidated financial statements.
price risk price risk represents the risk of loss arising from adverse movements in the prices of financial instruments that are carried at fair value and are subject to fair value accounting. we have price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiaries, foreign exchange positions, derivative instruments, and equity investments. we have established loss limits on the trading portfolio, on the amount of foreign exchange exposure that can be maintained, and on the amount of marketable equity securities that can be held.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the possibility of us being unable to meet current and future financial obligations in a timely manner. liquidity is managed to ensure stable, reliable, and cost-effective sources of funds to satisfy demand for credit, deposit withdrawals and investment opportunities. we consider core earnings, strong capital ratios, and credit quality essential for maintaining high credit ratings, which allows us cost-effective access to market-based liquidity. we rely on a large, stable core deposit base and a diversified base of wholesale funding sources to manage liquidity risk. the board of directors approves the liquidity strategy and furthermore reviews the acceptable level of liquidity risk, policy, and procedures established by senior management. the alco is appointed by the roc to oversee liquidity risk management and the establishment of liquidity risk policies and limits. liquidity risk is managed centrally by corporate treasury. our liquidity position is evaluated daily, weekly, and monthly by analyzing the composition of all funding sources, reviewing projected liquidity commitments by future months, and identifying sources and uses of funds. the overall management of our liquidity position is also integrated into consumer and commercial pricing policies to ensure a stable core deposit base. liquidity risk is reviewed and managed continuously for the bank and the parent company, as well as its subsidiaries. in addition, liquidity working groups meet regularly to identify and monitor liquidity positions, provide policy guidance, review funding strategies, and oversee the adherence to, and maintenance of, the contingency funding plans.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents our primary source of liquidity is our core deposit base. core deposits comprised approximately 98% of total deposits at december 31, 2021. we also have available unused wholesale sources of liquidity, including advances from the fhlb, issuance through dealers in the capital markets, and access to certificates of deposit issued through brokers. liquidity is further provided by unencumbered, or unpledged, investment securities that totaled $19.1 billion as of december 31, 2021. the treasury department also prepares a contingency funding plan that details the potential erosion of funds in the event of a systemic financial market crisis or institutional-specific stress scenario. an example of an institution specific event would be a downgrade in our public credit rating by a rating agency due to factors such as deterioration in asset quality, a large charge to earnings, a decline in profitability or other financial measures, or a significant merger or acquisition. examples of systemic events unrelated to us that could have an effect on our access to liquidity would be terrorism or war, natural disasters, political events, or the default or bankruptcy of a major corporation, mutual fund or hedge fund. similarly, market speculation or rumors about us, or the banking industry in general, may adversely affect the cost and availability of normal funding sources. the liquidity contingency plan therefore outlines the process for addressing a liquidity crisis. the plan provides for an evaluation of funding sources under various market conditions. it also assigns specific roles and responsibilities and communication protocols for effectively managing liquidity through a problem period.
investment securities portfolio
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 4 - "investment securities and other securities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
our investment securities portfolio is evaluated under established alco objectives. changing market conditions could affect the profitability of the portfolio, as well as the level of interest rate risk exposure.
the weighted average yield by maturity of the held-to-maturity portfolio is presented on the following table:
table 15 - held-to-maturity securities weighted average yield by maturity at december 31, 2021
1 year or less                                                     after 1 year through 5 years                                                after 5 years through 10 years                after 10 years                      total
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                           yield (1)                                                                        yield (1)                                                                     yield (1)                     yield (1)                  yield (1)
held-to-maturity securities, at cost:
federal agencies:
residential cmo                                                                         -   %                                                                    2.44   %                                                                        -   %                            2.05      %                 2.06     %
residential mbs                                                                         -                                                                           -                                                                            -                                1.86                        1.86
commercial mbs                                                                          -                                                                           -                                                                         2.77                                2.93                        2.92
other agencies                                                                       1.92                                                                        2.47                                                                         2.72                                2.52                        2.50
total federal agencies and other agencies                                            1.92                                                                        2.46                                                                         2.75                                2.09                        2.10
municipal securities                                                                    -                                                                           -                                                                            -                                2.63                        2.63
total held-to-maturity securities                                                    1.92   %                                                                    2.46   %                                                                     2.75   %                            2.09      %                 2.10     %
(1)weighted average yields were calculated using amortized cost on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, assuming a 21% tax rate where applicable.
bank liquidity and sources of funding our primary sources of funding for the bank are consumer and commercial core deposits. at december 31, 2021, these core deposits funded 80% of total assets (125% of total loans). other sources of liquidity include non-core deposits, fhlb advances, wholesale debt instruments, and securitizations. demand deposit overdrafts that have been reclassified as loan balances were $29 million and $14 million at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively.
2021 form 10-k table of contents the following table reflects deposit composition detail:
table 16 - deposit composition at december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                    2021                                       2020
by type:
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing                    $43,236                30   %              $28,553                29   %
demand deposits-interest-bearing                        39,837                28                   26,757                27
money market deposits                                   32,522                23                   26,248                27
savings and other domestic deposits                     21,088                15                   11,722                12
core certificates of deposit (1)                         2,740                 2                    1,425                 1
total core deposits:                                   139,423                98                   94,705                96
other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more                359                 -                      131                 -
negotiable cds, brokered and other deposits              3,481                 2                    4,112                 4
total deposits                                        $143,263               100   %              $98,948               100   %
total core deposits:
commercial                                             $61,521                44   %              $44,698                47   %
consumer                                                77,902                56                   50,007                53
total core deposits                                   $139,423               100   %              $94,705               100   %
(1)includes consumer certificates of deposit of $250,000 or more.
the following table reflects consolidated huntington bancshares incorporated amounts. uninsured deposits are defined as the portion of deposit accounts in u.s. offices that exceed the fdic insurance limit or similar state deposit insurance regimes and amounts in any other uninsured investment or deposit accounts that are classified as deposits and not subject to any federal or state deposit insurance regimes.
table 17 - uninsured deposits at december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                     2021                     2020
uninsured deposits (1)                                                                    $48,869                     $35,414
(1)uninsured deposits were determined by adjusting the amounts reported in the bank call report to arrive at consolidated huntington bancshares incorporated.
at december 31, 2021
(dollar amounts in millions)                                          3 months                   3 months                      6 months                  12 months            total or less                to 6 months                  to 12 months                    or more portion of u.s. time deposits in excess of insurance limit           $162                      $114                          $75                         $36                  $387
the bank maintains borrowing capacity at the fhlb and the federal reserve bank discount window. the bank does not consider borrowing capacity from the federal reserve bank discount window as a primary source of liquidity. total loans and securities pledged to the federal reserve bank discount window and the fhlb are $70.1 billion and $53.4 billion at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively.
at december 31, 2021, the market value of investment securities pledged to secure public and trust deposits, trading account liabilities, u.s. treasury demand notes, and security repurchase agreements totaled $21.7 billion. there were no securities of a single issuer, which are not governmental or government-sponsored, that exceeded 10% of shareholders' equity at december 31, 2021.
to the extent we are unable to obtain sufficient liquidity through core deposits, we may meet our liquidity needs through sources of wholesale funding, asset securitization or sale. sources of wholesale funding include other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more, negotiable cds, brokered and other deposits, short-term borrowings, and long-term debt. our wholesale funding for both the bank and parent company totaled $11.3 billion at december 31, 2021, compared to $12.8 billion at december 31, 2020. the decrease from the prior year-end primarily relates to a decrease in long-term debt.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents the bank may issue long-term debt pursuant to an authorization from the bank's board of directors that allows for the periodic issuance of senior and/or subordinated debt securities with fixed or floating interest rates. the aggregate principal amount of the debt securities available for issuance is capped by the board authorization and is reviewed periodically for adjustment.
at december 31, 2021, we believe the bank has sufficient liquidity and capital resources to meet its cash flow obligations over the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future.
the following table reflects the composition and maturities of the loan and lease portfolio:
table 18 - maturity schedule of loans and leases december 31, 2021
(dollar amounts in millions)              one year                        one to                          five to                            after                         total                    percent or less                    five years                    fifteen years                    fifteen years                                                 of total commercial:
commercial and industrial             $11,581                      $23,891                          $5,548                             $668                          $41,688                        37    %
commercial real estate                  2,778                        9,124                           2,979                               80                           14,961                        14    %
lease financing                           500                        3,533                             711                              256                            5,000                         4    %
total commercial                       14,859                       36,548                           9,238                            1,004                           61,649                        55    %
consumer:
residential mortgage                       16                           94                           2,108                           17,038                           19,256                        17    %
automobile                                196                        7,793                           5,398                               47                           13,434                        12    %
home equity                               282                          575                           2,074                            7,619                           10,550                         9    %
rv and marine                               1                           97                           3,127                            1,833                            5,058                         5    %
other consumer                            563                        1,092                             219                               99                            1,973                         2    %
total consumer                          1,058                        9,651                          12,926                           26,636                           50,271                        45    %
total loans and leases                $15,917                      $46,199                         $22,164                          $27,640                         $111,920                       100    %
percent of total                           14    %                      41     %                        20      %                        25      %                       100   %
the following table reflects the loans and leases due after one year:
table 21 - loans and leases due after one year interest rate
(dollar amounts in millions)                  fixed                         floating or adjustable commercial:
commercial and industrial             $10,965                             $19,142
commercial real estate                  1,530                              10,653
lease financing                         4,500                                   -
total commercial                       16,995                              29,795
consumer:
residential mortgage                    9,685                               9,555
automobile                             13,238                                   -
home equity                             2,383                               7,885
rv and marine finance                   5,057                                   -
other consumer                            677         733
total consumer                         31,040                              18,173
total loans and leases                $48,035                             $47,968
parent company liquidity the parent company's funding requirements consist primarily of dividends to shareholders, debt service, income taxes, operating expenses, funding of nonbank subsidiaries, repurchases of our stock, and acquisitions. the parent company obtains funding to meet obligations from dividends and interest received from the bank, interest and dividends received from direct subsidiaries, net taxes collected from subsidiaries included in the federal consolidated tax return, fees for services provided to subsidiaries, and the issuance of debt securities.
2021 form 10-k table of contents during the 2021 first quarter, huntington issued $500 million of series h preferred stock. on june 9, 2021, each share of tcf's series c non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock was converted into a share of series i preferred stock of huntington having substantially the same terms as tcf's preferred stock. see note 13 - "shareholders' equity" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, the parent company had $2.8 billion and $4.5 billion, respectively, in cash and cash equivalents.
on january 19, 2022, our board of directors declared a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $0.155 per common share. the dividend is payable on april 1, 2022, to shareholders of record on march 18, 2022. based on the current quarterly dividend of $0.155 per common share, cash demands required for common stock dividends are estimated to be approximately $223 million per quarter. on january 19, 2022, our board of directors declared a quarterly series b, series e, series f, series g and series h preferred stock dividend payable on april 15, 2022 to shareholders of record on april 1, 2022. on december 9, 2022, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend for the series i preferred stock payable on march 1, 2022 to shareholders of record on february 15, 2022. total cash demands required for series b, series e, series f, series g, series h and series i preferred stock are expected to be approximately $28 million per quarter.
during 2021, the bank paid preferred and common dividends to the parent company of $45 million and $1.3 billion, respectively. to meet any additional liquidity needs, the parent company may issue debt or equity securities. to support the parent company's ability to issue debt or equity securities, we have filed with the sec an automatic shelf registration statement covering an indeterminate amount or number of securities to be offered or sold from time to time as authorized by the huntington's board of directors.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business, we enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements. these arrangements include commitments to extend credit, interest rate swaps, caps and floors, financial guarantees contained in standby letters-of-credit issued by the bank, and commitments by the bank to sell mortgage loans.
commitments to extend credit commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates, are variable-rate, and contain clauses that permit huntington to terminate or otherwise renegotiate the contracts in the event of a significant deterioration in the customer's credit quality. these arrangements normally require the payment of a fee by the customer, the pricing of which is based on prevailing market conditions, credit quality, probability of funding, and other relevant factors. since many of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash requirements. the interest rate risk arising from these financial instruments is insignificant as a result of their predominantly short-term, variable-rate nature. see note 22 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
standby letters-of-credit standby letters-of-credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party. these guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. most of these arrangements mature within two years and are expected to expire without being drawn upon. standby letters-of-credit are included in the determination of the amount of risk-based capital that the parent company and the bank are required to hold. through our credit process, we monitor the credit risks of outstanding standby letters-of-credit. when it is probable that a standby letter-of-credit will be drawn and not repaid in full, a loss is recognized in the provision for credit losses. see note 22 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
commitments to sell loans activity related to our mortgage origination activity supports the hedging of the mortgage pricing commitments to customers and the secondary sale to third parties. in addition, we have commitments to sell residential real estate loans. these contracts mature in less than one year. see note 22 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents contractual obligations, including off-balance sheet arrangements are properly considered in our liquidity risk management process. at december 31, 2021, we believe the company has sufficient liquidity and capital resources to meet its cash flow obligations over the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future.
table 20 - contractual obligations (1)
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                                                                                         at december 31, 2021
less than 1 year                   1 to 3years                   3 to 5years               more than5 years                              total deposits without a stated maturity                         $139,348                              $-                            $-                     $-                                     $139,348
certificates of deposit and other time deposits               3,438                             393                            84                     -                                         3,915
short-term borrowings                                           334                               -                             -                     -                                           334
long-term debt                                                1,415                           2,472                         1,253                     1,863                                     7,003
operating lease obligations                                      64                             115                            79                               263                               521
purchase commitments                                            136                             152                            58                                91                               437
(1)amounts do not include associated interest payments.
operational risk operational risk is the risk of loss due to human error, third-party performance failures, inadequate or failed internal systems and controls, including the use of financial or other quantitative methodologies that may not adequately predict future results; violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, or ethical standards; and external influences such as market conditions, fraudulent activities, disasters, failed business contingency plans, and security risks. we continuously strive to strengthen our system of internal controls to ensure compliance with significant contracts, agreements, laws, rules, and regulations, and to improve the oversight of our operational risk.
we actively monitor cyberattacks such as attempts related to online deception and loss of sensitive customer data. we evaluate internal systems, processes and controls to mitigate loss from cyber-attacks and, to date, have not experienced any material losses. cybersecurity threats have increased, primarily through phishing campaigns. we are actively monitoring our email gateways for malicious phishing email campaigns. we have also increased our cybersecurity and fraud monitoring activities through the implementation of specific monitoring of remote connections by geography and volume of connections to detect anomalous remote logins, since a significant portion of our workforce is now working remotely.
our objective for managing cyber security risk is to avoid or minimize the impacts of external threat events or other efforts to penetrate our systems. we work to achieve this objective by hardening networks and systems against attack, and by diligently managing visibility and monitoring controls within our data and communications environment to recognize events and respond before the attacker has the opportunity to plan and execute on its own goals. to this end we employ a set of defense in-depth strategies, which include efforts to make us less attractive as a target and less vulnerable to threats, while investing in threat analytic capabilities for rapid detection and response. potential concerns related to cyber security may be escalated to our board-level technology committee, as appropriate. as a complement to the overall cyber security risk management, we use a number of internal training methods, both formally through mandatory courses and informally through written communications and other updates. internal policies and procedures have been implemented to encourage the reporting of potential phishing attacks or other security risks. we also use third-party services to test the effectiveness of our cyber security risk management framework, and any such third parties are required to comply with our policies regarding information security and confidentiality.
2021 form 10-k table of contents to mitigate operational risks, we have an operational risk committee, a legal, regulatory, and compliance committee, a funds movement committee, and a third party risk management committee. the responsibilities of these committees, among other duties, include establishing and maintaining management information systems to monitor material risks and to identify potential concerns, risks, or trends that may have a significant impact and ensuring that recommendations are developed to address the identified issues. in addition, we have a model risk oversight committee that is responsible for policies and procedures describing how model risk is evaluated and managed and the application of the governance process to implement these practices throughout the enterprise. these committees report any significant findings and remediation recommendations to the risk management committee. potential concerns may be escalated to our roc and our audit committee, as appropriate. significant findings or issues are escalated by the third party risk management committee to the technology committee of the board, as appropriate.
the goal of this framework is to implement effective operational risk-monitoring; minimize operational, fraud, and legal losses; minimize the impact of inadequately designed models and enhance our overall performance.
compliance risk financial institutions are subject to many laws, rules, and regulations at both the federal and state levels. these broad-based laws, rules, and regulations include, but are not limited to, expectations relating to anti-money laundering, lending limits, client privacy, fair lending, prohibitions against unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, protections for military members as they enter active duty, and community reinvestment. the volume and complexity of recent regulatory changes have increased our overall compliance risk. as such, we utilize various resources to help ensure expectations are met, including a team of compliance experts dedicated to ensuring our conformance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. our colleagues receive training for several broad-based laws and regulations including, but not limited to, anti-money laundering and customer privacy. additionally, colleagues engaged in lending activities receive training for laws and regulations related to flood disaster protection, equal credit opportunity, fair lending, and/or other courses related to the extension of credit. we set a high standard of expectation for adherence to compliance management and seek to continuously enhance our performance.
capital
(this section should be read in conjunction with the "regulatory matters" section included in part i, item 1: business and note 23 - "other regulatory matters" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
both regulatory capital and shareholders' equity are managed at the bank and on a consolidated basis. we have an active program for managing capital and maintain a comprehensive process for assessing the company's overall capital adequacy. we believe our current levels of both regulatory capital and shareholders' equity are adequate.
the u.s. federal banking regulatory agencies have permitted bhcs and banks to phase-in, for regulatory capital purposes, the day-one impact of the cecl accounting rule on retained earnings over a period of three years. as part of its response to the impact of covid-19, the u.s. federal banking regulatory agencies issued a final rule that provides the option to temporarily delay certain effects of cecl on regulatory capital for two years, followed by a three-year transition period. the final rule allows bhcs and banks to delay for two years 100% of the day-one impact of adopting cecl and 25% of the cumulative change in the reported allowance for credit losses since adopting cecl. the cumulative impact of the two-year delay will be phased-in over the three-year transition period. we have elected to adopt the final rule, which is reflected in the regulatory capital data presented below.
regulatory capital we are subject to the basel iii capital requirements including the standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets in accordance with subpart d of the final capital rule. the following table presents risk-weighted assets and other financial data necessary to calculate certain financial ratios, including cet1, which we use to measure capital adequacy.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents table 21 - capital under current regulatory standards (basel iii)
at december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                   2021                                            2020
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio:
total shareholders' equity                                                          $19,297                                          12,992
regulatory capital adjustments:
cecl transitional amount (1)                                                            437                                             453
shareholders' preferred equity and related surplus                                  (2,177)                                         (2,196)
accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) offset                                    230                                           (192)
goodwill and other intangibles, net of taxes                                        (5,484)                                         (2,107)
deferred tax assets that arise from tax loss and credit carryforwards                  (54)                                            (63)
cet 1 capital                                                                        12,249                                           8,887
additional tier 1 capital shareholders' preferred equity and related surplus                                    2,177                                           2,196
tier 1 capital                                                                       14,426                                          11,083
long-term debt and other tier 2 qualifying instruments                                1,539                                             660
qualifying allowance for loan and lease losses                                        1,281                                           1,113
total risk-based capital                                                            $17,246                                         $12,856
rwa                                                                                $131,266                                         $88,878
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio                                                         9.33       %                                   10.00       %
other regulatory capital data:
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                                                       10.99                                           12.47
total risk-based capital ratio                                                        13.14                                           14.46
tier 1 leverage ratio                                                                  8.56                                            9.32
(1)reflects huntington's election of a five-year transition of cecl on regulatory capital. the cecl transitional amount includes the impact of huntington's adoption of the cecl accounting standard on january 1, 2020 and 25% of the cumulative change in the reported allowance for credit losses since adopting cecl, excluding the allowance established at acquisition for purchased credit deteriorated loans.
table 22 - capital adequacy-non-regulatory (non-gaap)
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                             at december 31,
2021                                                                                                                2020
consolidated capital calculations:
total shareholders' equity                                      $19,297                                   $12,993
goodwill and other intangible assets                            (5,591)                                   (2,181)
deferred tax liability on other intangible assets (1)                51                                        40
total tangible equity                                            13,757                                    10,852
preferred equity                                                (2,167)                                   (2,191)
total tangible common equity                                    $11,590                                    $8,661
total assets                                                   $174,064                                  $123,038
goodwill and other intangible assets                            (5,591)                                   (2,181)
deferred tax liability on other intangible assets (1)                51                                        40
total tangible assets                                          $168,524                                  $120,897
tangible equity / tangible asset ratio                             8.16      %                               8.98      %
tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio                      6.88                                      7.16
tangible common equity / rwa ratio                                 8.83                                      9.74
(1)deferred tax liability related to other intangible assets is calculated at a 21% tax rate.
2021 form 10-k table of contents the following table presents certain regulatory capital data at both the consolidated and bank levels for each of the periods presented:
table 23 - regulatory capital data (1)
basel iii
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                  at december 31,
2021                                                        2020
total risk-weighted assets                   consolidated            $131,266                     $88,878
bank                     130,597                      88,601
cet 1 risk-based capital                     consolidated              12,249                       8,887
bank                      13,261                       9,438
tier 1 risk-based capital                    consolidated              14,426                      11,083
bank                      14,445                      10,601
tier 2 risk-based capital                    consolidated               2,821                       1,774
bank                       1,982                       1,431
total risk-based capital                     consolidated              17,246                      12,856
bank                      16,427                      12,032
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio               consolidated                9.33   %                   10.00   %
bank                       10.15                       10.65
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio              consolidated               10.99                       12.47
bank                       11.06                       11.97
total risk-based capital ratio               consolidated               13.14                       14.46
bank                       12.58                       13.58
tier 1 leverage ratio                        consolidated                8.56                        9.32
bank                        8.60                        8.94
(1)    capital ratios reflect huntington's election of a five-year transition of cecl on regulatory capital. the cecl transition amount includes the impact of huntington's adoption of the new cecl accounting standards on january 1, 2020 and 25% for the cumulative change in the reported acl since adopting cecl, excluding the allowance established at acquisition for purchased credit deteriorated loans.
at december 31, 2021, we maintained basel iii capital ratios in excess of the well-capitalized standards established by the frb. the decrease in regulatory capital ratios was driven by the repurchase of $650 million of common stock during 2021 and cash dividends, partially offset by earnings. the balance sheet growth as a result of the tcf acquisition was largely offset by the common stock issued related to the acquisition, net of goodwill and other intangibles, as both are deducted from capital in the ratio calculation. the change in regulatory tier 1 risk-based capital and total risk-based capital ratios for 2021 also reflect the issuance of $500 million of series h preferred stock and the issuance of $175 million of series i preferred stock resulting from the conversion of tcf preferred stock, partially offset by the redemption of $600 million of series d preferred stock and $100 million of series c preferred stock. additionally, the total risk-based capital ratio reflects the issuance of $558 million of subordinated notes in 2021.
shareholders' equity we generate shareholders' equity primarily through the retention of earnings, net of dividends and share repurchases. other potential sources of shareholders' equity include issuances of common and preferred stock. our objective is to maintain capital at an amount commensurate with our risk appetite and risk tolerance objectives, to meet both regulatory and market expectations, and to provide the flexibility needed for future growth and business opportunities.
shareholders' equity totaled $19.3 billion at december 31, 2021 an increase of $6.3 billion or 49% when compared with december 31, 2020, primarily due to the $7.2 billion of equity issued in conjunction with the acquisition of tcf.
on february 2, 2021, huntington issued $500 million of preferred stock. huntington issued 20,000,000 depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th ownership interest in a share of 4.50% series h non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock (preferred h stock), par value $0.01 per share, with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share).
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents on june 9, 2021, each share of tcf financial corporation 5.70% series c non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock outstanding immediately prior to acquisition of tcf financial corporation was converted into the right to receive a share of the newly created huntington 5.70% series i non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share.
on july 15, 2021, all 24,000,000 outstanding depositary shares, each representing 1/40th interest in a share of huntington's 6.250% series d non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, were redeemed.
on october 15, 2021, all 4,000,000 outstanding depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of huntington's 5.875% series c non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, were redeemed.
we were notified by the frb on august 5, 2021 that huntington's scb requirement would be unchanged at 2.5%, which is the minimum under the scb framework. huntington is authorized to make capital distributions that are consistent with the requirements in the frb's capital rule, inclusive of the 2.5% scb requirement.
dividends we consider disciplined capital management as a key objective, with dividends representing one component. our strong capital positions us to take advantage of additional capital management opportunities.
share repurchases from time to time the board of directors authorizes the company to repurchase shares of our common stock. although we announce when our board authorizes share repurchases, we typically do not give any public notice before we repurchase our shares. future stock repurchases may be private or open-market repurchases, including block transactions, accelerated or delayed block transactions, forward transactions, and similar transactions. various factors determine the amount and timing of our share repurchases, including our capital requirements, the number of shares we expect to issue for employee benefit plans and acquisitions, market conditions (including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and legal considerations.
on july 21, 2021, our board authorized the repurchase of up to $800 million of common shares within the four quarter period from the third quarter of 2021 through the second quarter of 2022. purchases of common stock under the authorization may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, and accelerated share repurchase programs. during the 2021, huntington repurchased a total of $650 million of common stock, representing 43.1 million common shares, at a weighted average price of $15.07.
business segment discussion overview our business segments are based on our internally-aligned segment leadership structure, which is how we monitor results and assess performance. we have four major business segments: commercial banking, consumer and business banking, vehicle finance, and regional banking and the huntington private client group (rbhpcg). the treasury / other function includes technology and operations, other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense.
business segment results are determined based upon our management practices, which assigns balance sheet and income statement items to each of the business segments. the process is designed around our organizational and management structure and, accordingly, the results derived are not necessarily comparable with similar information published by other financial institutions.
for a discussion of business segment trends for 2020 versus 2019, see "part ii, item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" business segment discussion included in our 2020 form 10-k, filed with the sec on february 26, 2021.
2021 form 10-k table of contents revenue sharing revenue is recorded in the business segment responsible for the related product or service. fee sharing is recorded to allocate portions of such revenue to other business segments involved in selling to, or providing service to customers. results of operations for the business segments reflect these fee sharing allocations.
expense allocation the management process that develops the business segment reporting utilizes various estimates and allocation methodologies to measure the performance of the business segments. expenses are allocated to business segments using a two-phase approach. the first phase consists of measuring and assigning unit costs (activity-based costs) to activities related to product origination and servicing. these activity-based costs are then extended, based on volumes, with the resulting amount allocated to business segments that own the related products. the second phase consists of the allocation of overhead costs to all four business segments from treasury / other. we utilize a full-allocation methodology, where all treasury / other expenses, except reported acquisition-related expenses, if any, and a small amount of other residual unallocated expenses, are allocated to the four business segments.
funds transfer pricing (ftp)
we use an active and centralized ftp methodology to attribute appropriate net interest income to the business segments. the intent of the ftp methodology is to transfer interest rate risk from the business segments by providing matched duration funding of assets and liabilities. the result is to centralize the financial impact, management, and reporting of interest rate risk in the treasury / other function where it can be centrally monitored and managed. the treasury / other function charges (credits) an internal cost of funds for assets held in (or pays for funding provided by) each business segment. the ftp rate is based on prevailing market interest rates for comparable duration assets (or liabilities).
net income (loss) by business segment net income (loss) by business segment for the past three years is presented in the following table:
table 24 - net income (loss) by business segment year ended december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                  2021                          2020                            2019
commercial banking                       $798                           $78                            $553
consumer and business banking            $308                          $270                            $635
vehicle finance                           319                           120                             172
rbhpcg                                     55                            85                             113
treasury / other                        (185)                           264                            (62)
net income                             $1,295                          $817                          $1,411
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents commercial banking table 25 - key performance indicators for commercial banking year ended december 31,                                              change from 2020
(dollar amounts in millions unless otherwise noted)                   2021                            2020                          amount                       percent                                                   2019
net interest income                                            $1,284                            $903                            $381                            42    %                                             $1,037
provision for credit losses                                         4                             626                           (622)                          (99)                                                     132
noninterest income                                                523                             364                             159                            44                                                     359
noninterest expense                                               791                             542                             249                            46                                                     564
provision for income taxes                                        212                              21                             191                           910                                                     147
income attributable to non-controlling interest                     2                               -                               2                           100                                                       -
net income                                                       $798                             $78                            $720                           923    %                                               $553
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)              1,754                           1,276                             478                            37    %                                              1,317
total average assets                                          $44,427                         $35,490                          $8,937                            25                                                 $33,843
total average loans/leases                                     38,092                          27,234                          10,858                            40                                                  27,151
total average deposits                                         29,351                          23,321                           6,030                            26                                                  21,072
net interest margin                                              3.15    %                       3.04    %                       0.11    %                        4                                                    3.49   %
ncos                                                             $119                            $302                          $(183)                          (61)                                                     $93
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                          0.31    %                       1.11    %                     (0.80)    %                     (72)                                                    0.34   %
commercial banking reported net income of $798 million in 2021, an increase of $720 million, compared to the year ago period. segment net interest income increased $381 million, or 42%, primarily due to an increase in average loans and leases reflecting the impact of the tcf acquisition and an 11 basis point increase in net interest margin driven by an increase in loan spread inclusive of purchase accounting accretion, partially offset by the continued decline in the benefit of deposits. the provision for credit losses decreased $622 million, or 99%, primarily due to changes in the forecasted economic outlook compared to the year-ago period, partially offset by the tcf acquisition initial provision for credit losses. noninterest income increased $159 million, or 44%, reflecting the impact of the tcf acquisition, purchase accounting accretion from acquired unfunded loan commitments, an increase in capital markets fees reflecting an increase in market activity and improvement in business conditions, increased mezzanine investment income and an increase in leasing revenue reflecting higher gains on terminations and sales. noninterest expense increased $249 million, or 46%, primarily due to personnel expense and lease financing equipment depreciation as a result of the tcf acquisition.
.
consumer and business banking table 26 - key performance indicators for consumer and business banking year ended december 31,                                              change from 2020
(dollar amounts in millions unless otherwise noted)                   2021                            2020                          amount                       percent                                                   2019
net interest income                                            $1,667                          $1,436                            $231                            16    %                                             $1,766
provision for credit losses                                        91                             265                           (174)                          (66)                                                     114
noninterest income                                              1,045                             945                             100                            11                                                     825
noninterest expense                                             2,231                           1,774                             457                            26                                                   1,673
provision for income taxes                                         82                              72                              10                            14                                                     169
net income                                                       $308                            $270                             $38                            14    %                                               $635
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)              9,211                           7,908                           1,303                            16    %                                              8,000
total average assets                                          $36,617                         $28,853                          $7,764                            27                                                 $25,411
total average loans/leases                                     31,436                          25,453                           5,983                            24                                                  22,130
total average deposits                                         81,289                          56,960                          24,329                            43                                                  51,645
net interest margin                                              2.02    %                       2.48    %                     (0.46)    %                     (19)                                                    3.37   %
ncos                                                              $96                            $102                            $(6)                           (6)                                                    $128
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                          0.31    %                       0.40    %                     (0.09)    %                     (23)                                                    0.58   %
2021 form 10-k table of contents consumer and business banking, including home lending, reported net income of $308 million in 2021, an increase of $38 million, or 14%, compared with net income of $270 million in 2020. segment net interest income increased $231 million, or 16%, primarily due to an increase in average loans and leases reflecting the impact of the tcf acquisition and ppp revenue, partially offset by a 46 basis point decrease in net interest margin driven by a decrease in loan margin and the continued decline in the benefit of deposits. the provision for credit losses decreased $174 million, or 66%, primarily due to changes in the forecasted economic outlook compared to the year-ago period, partially offset by the tcf acquisition initial provision for credit losses. noninterest income increased $100 million, or 11%, primarily due to higher interchange income and service charge income resulting from the tcf acquisition in addition to reduced customer activity and fee-waivers as a result of the pandemic in the beginning of the prior year period and a gain from branch divestiture, partially offset by decreased mortgage banking income. noninterest expense increased $457 million, or 26%, primarily due to the impact of the tcf acquisition, in addition to increased allocated expense and personnel costs due to higher levels of production and origination volume.
home lending, an operating unit of consumer and business banking, reflects the result of the origination, sale, and servicing of mortgage loans less referral fees and net interest income for mortgage banking products distributed by the retail branch network and other business segments. home lending reported net income of $3 million in 2021, compared with $78 million in the prior year. noninterest income decreased $93 million, driven primarily by decreased spreads on salable originations, partially offset by higher salable originations. noninterest expense increased $42 million due primarily to higher personnel expense as a result of the tcf acquisition and higher origination volumes.
vehicle finance table 27 - key performance indicators for vehicle finance year ended december 31,                                        change from 2020
(dollar amounts in millions unless otherwise noted)                   2021                            2020                       amount                    percent                                             2019
net interest income                                              $468                            $430                          $38                          9    %                                         $397
provision for credit losses                                      (86)                             146                        (232)                      (159)                                                44
noninterest income                                                 13                               9                            4                         44                                                12
noninterest expense                                               163                             141                           22                         16                                               148
provision for income taxes                                         85                              32                           53                        166                                                45
net income                                                       $319                            $120                         $199                        166    %                                         $172
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)                262                             266                          (4)                        (2)    %                                          265
total average assets                                          $19,787                         $19,760                          $27                          -                                           $19,393
total average loans/leases                                     20,028                          19,939                           89                          -                                            19,466
total average deposits                                          1,161                             653                          508                         78                                               333
net interest margin                                              2.33    %                       2.15    %                    0.18    %                     8                                              2.04   %
ncos                                                             $(1)                             $45                        $(46)                      (102)                                               $43
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                             -    %                       0.23    %                  (0.23)    %                 (100)                                              0.22   %
vehicle finance reported net income of $319 million in 2021, an increase of $199 million, or 166%, compared with net income of $120 million in 2020. segment net interest income increased $38 million or 9%, primarily due to an 18 basis point increase in the net interest margin. the provision for credit losses decreased $232 million to a benefit of $86 million, primarily due to strong credit performance and improvement in the economic outlook as compared to the year ago period. noninterest income increased $4 million, or 44%, primarily due to increases in fee income from commercial relationships. noninterest expense increased $22 million, or 16%, primarily attributable to higher production related costs.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents regional banking and the huntington private client group table 28 - key performance indicators for regional banking and the huntington private client group year ended december 31,                                                        change from 2020
(dollar amounts in millions unless otherwise noted)                       2021                                      2020                              amount                             percent                                                            2019
net interest income                                                $159                                      $160                                 $(1)                                 (1)     %                                                        $198
provision for credit losses                                          16                                        11                                    5                                  45                                                               (3)
noninterest income                                                  227                                       201                                   26                                  13                                                               198
noninterest expense                                                 300                                       243                                   57                                  23                                                               256
provision for income taxes                                           15                                        22                                  (7)                                (32)                                                                30
net income                                                          $55                                       $85                                $(30)                                (35)     %                                                        $113
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)                1,071                                     1,018                                   53                                   5     %                                                       1,057
total average assets                                             $7,496                                    $6,845                                 $651                                  10                                                            $6,438
total average loans/leases                                        7,199                                     6,574                                  625                                  10                                                             6,132
total average deposits                                            8,187                                     6,531                                1,656                                  25                                                             5,983
net interest margin                                                1.90      %                               2.36      %                        (0.46)     %                          (19)                                                              3.18   %
ncos                                                                 $-                                        $-                                   $-                                   -                                                                $1
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                               -      %                               0.01      %                        (0.01)     %                         (100)                                                              0.02   %
total assets under management (in billions)-eop                   $25.2                                     $19.8                                 $5.4                                  27                                                             $17.5
total trust assets (in billions)-eop                              135.7                                     123.0                                 12.7                                  10                                                             121.8
eop-end of period.
rbhpcg reported net income of $55 million in 2021, a decrease of $30 million, or 35%, compared with a net income of $85 million in 2020. segment net interest income decreased $1 million, or 1%, due to a 46 basis point decrease in net interest margin, largely driven by lower benefit in deposit spreads, partially offset by an increase in average loans and leases. average loans and leases increased $625 million, or 10%, primarily due to an increase in residential real estate mortgage loans and the impact of the tcf acquisition. average deposits increased $1.7 billion, or 25%, primarily related to higher customer liquidity levels and the impact of the acquired tcf deposit portfolio. noninterest income increased $26 million, or 13%, reflecting higher sales production and overall market performance, and the impact of the tcf acquisition. 2020 included the sale of retirement plan services recordkeeping and administrative services. total assets under management increased 27% due to positive net asset flows, equity markets, and the impact of the tcf acquisition. noninterest expense increased $57 million, or 23%, primarily due to the impact of the tcf acquisition and higher production related costs.
treasury / other the treasury / other function includes revenue and expense related to assets, liabilities, derivatives (including the mark-to-market of interest rate caps), and equity not directly assigned or allocated to one of the four business segments. assets include investment securities and bank owned life insurance.
net interest income includes the impact of administering our investment securities portfolios, the net impact of derivatives used to hedge interest rate sensitivity as well as the financial impact associated with our ftp methodology, as described above. noninterest income includes miscellaneous fee income not allocated to other business segments, such as bank owned life insurance income and securities and trading asset gains or losses. noninterest expense includes certain corporate administrative, acquisition-related expenses, if any, and other miscellaneous expenses not allocated to other business segments. the provision for income taxes for the business segments is calculated at a statutory 21% tax rate, although our overall effective tax rate is lower.
2021 form 10-k table of contents additional disclosures forward-looking statements this report, including md&a, contains certain forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, certain plans, expectations, goals, projections, and statements, which are not historical facts and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties. statements that do not describe historical or current facts, including statements about beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as expect, anticipate, believe, intend, estimate, plan, target, goal, or similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, may, might, should, would, could, or similar variations. the forward-looking statements are intended to be subject to the safe harbor provided by section 27a of the securities act of 1933, section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
while there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in the forward-looking statements: changes in general economic, political, or industry conditions; the magnitude and duration of the covid-19 pandemic and related variants and mutations and their impact on the global economy and financial market conditions and our business, results of operations, and financial condition; uncertainty in u.s. fiscal and monetary policy, including the interest rate policies of the federal reserve board; volatility and disruptions in global capital and credit markets; movements in interest rates; reform of libor; competitive pressures on product pricing and services; success, impact, and timing of our business strategies, including market acceptance of any new products or services including those implementing our "fair play" banking philosophy; the nature, extent, timing, and results of governmental actions, examinations, reviews, reforms, regulations, and interpretations, including those related to the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act and the basel iii regulatory capital reforms, as well as those involving the occ, federal reserve, fdic, and cfpb; the possibility that the anticipated benefits of the transaction with tcf are not realized when expected or at all, including as a result of the impact of, or problems arising from, the integration of the two companies or as a result of the strength of the economy and competitive factors in the areas where huntington does business; and other factors that may affect the future results of huntington.
all forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and are based on information available at that time. huntington does not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements were made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by federal securities laws. as forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance on such statements.
non-gaap financial measures this document contains gaap financial measures and non-gaap financial measures where management believes it to be helpful in understanding our results of operations or financial position. where non-gaap financial measures are used, the comparable gaap financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the comparable gaap financial measure, can be found herein.
fully-taxable equivalent basis interest income, yields, and ratios on a fte basis are considered non-gaap financial measures. management believes net interest income on a fte basis provides an insightful picture of the interest margin for comparison purposes. the fte basis also allows management to assess the comparability of revenue arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. the fte basis assumes a federal statutory tax rate of 21 percent. we encourage readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this form 10-k in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents non-regulatory capital ratios in addition to capital ratios defined by banking regulators, the company considers various other measures when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including:
•tangible common equity to tangible assets,
•tangible equity to tangible assets, and
•tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets using basel iii definitions.
these non-regulatory capital ratios are viewed by management as useful additional methods of reflecting the level of capital available to withstand unexpected market conditions. additionally, presentation of these ratios allows readers to compare our capitalization to other financial services companies. these ratios differ from capital ratios defined by banking regulators principally in that the numerator excludes goodwill and other intangible assets, the nature and extent of which varies among different financial services companies. these ratios are not defined in gaap or federal banking regulations. as a result, these non-regulatory capital ratios disclosed by the company are considered non-gaap financial measures.
because there are no standardized definitions for these non-regulatory capital ratios, the company's calculation methods may differ from those used by other financial services companies. also, there may be limits in the usefulness of these measures to investors. as a result, we encourage readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this form 10-k in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.
risk factors more information on risk is discussed in the risk factors section included in item 1a: "risk factors" of this report. additional information regarding risk factors can also be found in the risk management and capital discussion of this report, as well as the "regulatory matters" section included in item 1 : business of this report.
critical accounting policies and use of significant estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to establish accounting policies and make estimates that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. note 1 - "significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference into this md&a, describes the significant accounting policies we used in our consolidated financial statements.
an accounting estimate requires assumptions and judgments about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. estimates are made under facts and circumstances at a point in time, and changes in those facts and circumstances could produce results substantially different from those estimates. our most significant accounting policies and estimates and their related application are discussed below.
allowance for credit losses our acl at december 31, 2021 represents our current estimate of the lifetime credit losses expected from our loan and lease portfolio and our unfunded lending commitments. management estimates the acl by projecting probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default conditional on economic parameters, for the remaining contractual term. internal factors that impact the quarterly allowance estimate include the level of outstanding balances, the portfolio performance and assigned risk ratings.
one of the most significant judgments influencing the acl estimate is the macroeconomic forecasts. key external economic parameters that directly impact our loss modeling framework include forecasted unemployment rates and gross domestic product. changes in the economic forecasts could significantly affect the estimated credit losses which could potentially lead to materially different allowance levels from one reporting period to the next.
given the dynamic relationship between macroeconomic variables within our modeling framework, it is difficult to estimate the impact of a change in any one individual variable on the allowance. as a result, management uses a probability-weighted approach that incorporates a baseline, an adverse and a more favorable economic scenario when formulating the quantitative estimate.
2021 form 10-k table of contents however, to illustrate a hypothetical sensitivity analysis, management calculated a quantitative allowance using a 100% weighting applied to an adverse scenario. this scenario includes assumptions around increased covid-19 morbidity and mortality rates. additionally, consumer confidence declines with the resulting drop in consumer spending sending the economy back into recession in the first quarter of 2022. under this scenario, as an example, the unemployment rate increases and remains elevated for a prolonged period, the rate is estimated at 8.7% and 7.1% at the end of 2022 and 2023, respectively. these numbers result in unemployment rates that are approximately 5.2% and 3.6% higher than baseline scenario projections of 3.5% and 3.5%, respectively for the same time periods.
to demonstrate the sensitivity to key economic parameters used in the calculation of our acl at december 31, 2021, management calculated the difference between our quantitative acl and a 100% adverse scenario. excluding consideration of general reserve adjustments, this sensitivity analysis would result in a hypothetical increase in our acl of approximately $1.2 billion at december 31, 2021.
the resulting difference is not intended to represent an expected increase in allowance levels for a number of reasons including the following:
•management uses a weighted approach applied to multiple economic scenarios for its allowance estimation process;
•the highly uncertain economic environment;
•the difficulty in predicting the inter-relationships between the economic parameters used in the various economic scenarios; and
•the sensitivity estimate does not account for our general reserve and associated risk profile components incorporated by management as part of its overall allowance framework.
we regularly review our acl for appropriateness by performing on-going evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio. in doing so, we consider factors such as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or other documented support. we also evaluate the impact of changes in key economic parameters and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet their financial obligations when quantifying our exposure to credit losses and assessing the appropriateness of our acl at each reporting date. there is no certainty that our acl will be appropriate over time to cover losses in our portfolio as economic and market conditions may ultimately differ from our reasonable and supportable forecast. additionally, events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or our markets, such as the current covid-19 pandemic, could severely impact our current expectations. if the credit quality of our customer base materially deteriorates or the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. the extent to which the current covid-19 pandemic will continue to negatively impact our businesses, financial condition, liquidity and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be forecasted with precision at this time. for more information, see note 5 - "loans / leases" and note 6 - "allowance for credit losses" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
acquisition method of accounting the acquisition method of accounting requires that acquired assets and liabilities in a business combination are recorded at their fair values as of the date of acquisition. this method often involves estimates based on third party valuations or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques, all of which are inherently subjective. acquisition-related restructuring costs are expensed as incurred. the acquisition method of accounting does allow for a measurement period to make adjustments to acquisition accounting for up to one year after the acquisition date, for new information that existed at the acquisition date but may not have been known or available at that time. for more information, see note 3 - "acquisition of tcf financial corporation" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
huntington bancshares incorporated table of contents fair value measurement certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, including securities and derivative instruments. assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently include subjectivity and may require the use of significant assumptions, adjustments and judgment including, among others, discount rates, rates of return on assets, cash flows, default rates, loss rates, terminal values and liquidation values. a significant change in assumptions may result in a significant change in fair value, which in turn, may result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility and could result in significant impact on our results of operations, financial condition or disclosures of fair value information.
in addition to the above mentioned on-going fair value measurements, fair value is also used for recording business combinations and measuring other non-recurring financial assets and liabilities. at june 9, 2021, approximately $46 billion of our assets and $43 billion of our liabilities were recorded at fair value as a result of applying the acquisition method of accounting.
the fair value hierarchy requires use of observable inputs first and subsequently unobservable inputs when observable inputs are not available. our fair value measurements involve various valuation techniques and models, which involve inputs that are observable (level 1 or level 2 in fair value hierarchy), when available. the level of judgment required to determine fair value is dependent on the methods or techniques used in the process. assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value using quoted prices in active markets (level 1) do not require significant judgment while the valuation of assets and liabilities when quoted market prices are not available (levels 2 and 3) may require significant judgment to assess whether observable or unobservable inputs for those assets and liabilities provide reasonable determination of fair value. the fair values measured at each level of the fair value hierarchy, additional discussion regarding fair value measurements, and a brief description of how fair value is determined for categories that have unobservable inputs, can be found in note 19 - "fair value of assets and liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
goodwill and other intangible assets acquisitions typically result in goodwill, the amount by which the cost of net assets acquired in a business combination exceeds their fair value, which is subject to impairment testing at least annually. the amortization of identified intangible assets recognized in a business combination is based upon the estimated economic benefits to be received over their economic life, which is also subjective. customer attrition rates that are based on historical experience are used to determine the estimated economic life of certain intangibles assets, including but not limited to, customer deposit intangibles.
recent accounting pronouncements and developments note 2 - "accounting standards update" of the notes to consolidated financial statements discusses new accounting pronouncements adopted during 2021 and the expected impact of accounting pronouncements recently issued but not yet required to be adopted. to the extent the adoption of new accounting standards materially affect financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity, the impacts are discussed in the applicable section of this md&a and the notes to consolidated financial statements.
