item 1a.
risk factors in deciding whether to invest in the hartford, you should carefully consider the following risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity and could also impact the trading price of our securities. these risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under "forward-looking statements" above and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
the following risk factors have been organized by category for ease of use, however many of the risks may have impacts in more than one category. the occurrence of certain of them may, in turn, cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of others. such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact of these risks on our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
the pandemic caused by the spread of covid-19 could continue to impact our business and may have a material adverse impact on our business results, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity.
the global spread of covid-19 has continued to cause significant market uncertainty and economic disruption. the extent to which covid-19 continues to impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be easily predicted including: the potential spread of new covid-19 variants; the effectiveness of vaccines; natural immunity and current or emerging therapeutic treatments in preventing infection, serious illness and death; the percentage of those infected who are of working age; and the strain on the health care system preventing timely treatment of chronic illnesses. additional uncertainty exists regarding governmental, business and individual actions that have been and may continue to be taken in response to the pandemic; the impact of the pandemic on economic activity and actions taken in response; potential legislative, regulatory, and judicial responses to the pandemic pertaining specifically to insurance underwriting and claims; the effect on our customers and customers' demand for our products; our ability to sell our products and our ability to use historical experience to assist our decision making in areas including underwriting, pricing, capital management and investments.
below are several key effects of covid-19 on the company's business results, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity:
•insurance and product related risk - the company may continue to incur increased loss costs under insurance policies that we have written including for workers' compensation, group life insurance, short-term disability, general liability, surety, director and officer liability, and employment practices liability, as well as property business.
in addition, the company's group benefits business has issued group life policies to employers and associations, which may continue to result in increased death claims due to claims where covid-19 is specifically listed as the cause of death and indirect impacts of the pandemic such as causes of death due to patients deferring regular treatments of chronic conditions (together, referred to as "excess mortality"). we may also continue to experience higher short-term disability and paid family leave claims from employees and covered individuals who have been affected by covid-19.
under general liability or umbrella policies, we may have exposure to increased claims for indemnification from our insureds who may be found liable for negligently having exposed third parties to covid-19 at a place of business, home or other premise. in our commercial surety lines, there is the potential for elevated frequency and severity due to an increase in the number of bankruptcies, especially in small businesses and impacted industries such as hospitality, entertainment and transportation. in construction surety, there is the potential for elevated losses if contractors experience project shutdowns or payment delays, which could negatively impact their cash flows, or result in disruptions in their supply chains, labor shortages or inflation in the cost of materials. we may also have increased allegations under director and officer and employment practices liability policies for inadequate disclosures, mismanagement of resources, and hiring/lay off actions relating to covid-19.
nearly all of our property insurance policies require direct physical loss or damage to property and contain standard exclusions that we believe preclude coverage for covid-19 related claims, and the vast majority of such policies contain exclusions for virus-related losses. nevertheless, the company and certain of its writing companies have been served as defendants in lawsuits seeking insurance coverage under commercial insurance policies for alleged losses resulting from the shutdown or suspension of our insureds' businesses due to the spread of covid-19. while the company and its subsidiaries deny the allegations and are defending vigorously and while almost none of the plaintiffs have submitted proofs of loss or otherwise quantified or factually supported any allegedly covered loss, it is possible that adverse outcomes, if any, in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated operating results.
•regulatory/legal risk - there could be legal and regulatory responses to concerns about covid-19 and related public health issues that will impact our business, including the possible extension of insurance coverage beyond our policy language, such as for business interruption, civil authority and other claims. further, policyholders may elect to litigate coverage issues which would lead to increased costs to the company. for additional information on legislative and regulatory risks,
|part i - item 1a. risk factors see part i, item 2, md&a - capital resources and liquidity, contingencies, legislative and regulatory developments.
•recessionary and other global economic risk - if vaccines and other treatments are not effective at preventing serious illness or death from any new covid-19 variants that arise, governments may reinstitute containment efforts, including curtailing access to businesses, including many of the company's insureds. in addition, disruption of the supply chain or other factors caused by the pandemic could result in an economic downturn and, as a result, potentially increase policy lapses and non-renewals and reduce demand for new business. in an economic downturn, employers may reduce work forces, resulting in lower premiums for the company's workers' compensation and group benefit products. as such, the continuation of the covid-19 pandemic and resulting economic stress could reduce earned premiums.
in addition, in an economic downturn or in periods of a decline in real estate valuations, the company could experience credit losses on various asset balances, including receivables and the principal amount of various invested assets, including fixed maturities and mortgage loans. in addition to credit losses on invested assets, the company could experience declines in the value of available for sale debt securities if credit spreads were to widen significantly, which would reduce stockholders' equity. in addition, disruption in equity markets could result in net realized or unrealized losses on our equity securities carried at fair value or reduce net investment income in future periods from our non-fixed income investment portfolio, including from private equity, hedge fund and real estate partnership investments. the company could also experience higher reinsurance costs and/or more limited availability of reinsurance coverage. reinsurance treaties renewed by the company subsequent to july 1, 2020 exclude coverage for losses arising from communicable diseases.
also, market volatility may cause us to change our existing hedging strategies resulting in economic loss. if markets become less liquid and/or experience lower trading volumes, it may be more difficult to value certain investment securities that we hold. additionally, the company may determine that an impairment has occurred when assessing its goodwill and other intangible assets, which would result in reduced earnings in the period that the impairment is recorded.
•capital and liquidity risk - we may also experience capital and liquidity pressures including the need to provide additional capital to certain insurance subsidiaries, reductions in the amount of available dividend capacity from our subsidiaries and the need to post more collateral due to declining investment valuations or due to requirements under derivative agreements. further, among other possible actions, we may choose not to repurchase shares and may decide to invest proceeds from maturing fixed maturities in short-term investments which earn lower returns.
•operational risk - the company also faces operational risks as a result of covid-19. the company has limited the number of employees working in its offices, resulting in the vast majority of employees working from home as of february 2022. while the company has the technology in place to enable hybrid and remote arrangements and to facilitate communication with insureds, intermediaries, claimants and other third parties, there is a risk that business operations will be disrupted due to, among other things, cybersecurity attacks or data security incidents, higher than anticipated web traffic and call volumes as well as lack of sufficient broadband internet connectivity for employees and third parties working from home. in addition, if large numbers of our employees contract covid-19 and are unable to perform their duties due to illness, it may result in periods of inadequate staffing. if any of those disruptions become significant, results could include, among other impacts, delays in settling claims, processing new business, renewals, cancellations and endorsements for insureds, billing and collecting premiums, transacting with reinsurers, contracting with and paying vendors, and disruptions to investment operations.
we rely on vendors, including some located overseas, for a number of services including it development, it maintenance support and various business processes, including, among others, certain claims administration, policy administration, and other operational functions. as the covid-19 virus has affected virtually all parts of the world, our vendors could also experience disruptions to their operations and while we have contingency plans for some level of disruption, there can be no assurance that issues vendors experience with their business processes would not have a material effect on our own operations.
for all of the reasons discussed above, the global public health and economic impacts caused by the covid 19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
risks relating to economic, political and global market conditions unfavorable economic, political and global market conditions may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
the company's investment portfolio and insurance business are sensitive to changes in economic, political and global capital market conditions, such as the effect of a weak economy, including labor supply shortages, and changes in credit spreads, equity prices, interest rates, inflation, foreign currency exchange rates, and shifts in demand and supply of u.s. dollars. weak economic conditions, such as high unemployment, low labor force participation, lower family income, a weak real estate market, lower business investment and lower consumer spending may adversely affect the demand for insurance and financial products and lower the company's profitability in some cases. in addition, political instability, politically motivated violence or civil unrest, may increase the frequency and severity of insured losses. in addition, a deterioration in global economic
|part i - item 1a. risk factors conditions and/or geopolitical conditions, including due to military action, trade wars, tariffs or other actions with respect to international trade agreements or policies, has the potential to, among other things, reduce demand for our products, reduce exposures we insure, drive higher inflation that could increase the company's loss costs and result in increased incidence of claims, particularly for workers' compensation and disability claims. the company's investment portfolio includes limited partnerships and other alternative investments and equity securities for which changes in value are reported in earnings. these investments may be adversely impacted by economic volatility, including real estate market deterioration, which could impact our net investment returns and result in an adverse impact on operating results.
below are several key factors impacted by changes in economic, political, and global market conditions and their potential effect on the company's business and results of operations:
•credit spread risk - credit spread exposure is reflected in the market prices of fixed income instruments where lower rated securities generally trade at a higher credit spread. if issuer credit spreads increase or widen, the market value of our investment portfolio may decline. if the credit spread widening is significant and occurs over an extended period of time, the company may recognize credit losses, resulting in decreased earnings. if credit spreads tighten significantly, the company's net investment income associated with new purchases of fixed maturities may be reduced. in addition, the value of credit derivatives under which the company assumes exposure or purchases protection are impacted by changes in credit spreads, with losses occurring when credit spreads widen for assumed exposure or when credit spreads tighten if credit protection has been purchased.
•equity markets risk - a decline in equity markets may result in net realized or unrealized losses on our equity securities carried at fair value or reduce net investment income in future periods from our non-fixed income investment portfolio, including from private equity, hedge fund and real estate partnership investments, and lower earnings from hartford funds where fee income is earned based upon the fair value of the assets under management. equity markets are unpredictable. in the past few years, equity markets have been volatile, which could be indicative of a greater risk of a decline. for additional information on equity market sensitivity, see part ii, item 7, md&a - enterprise risk management, financial risk- equity risk.
•interest rate risk - global economic conditions may result in the persistence of a low interest rate environment which would continue to pressure our net investment income and could result in lower margins on certain products. for additional information on interest rate sensitivity, see part ii, item 7, md&a - enterprise risk management, financial risk - interest rate risk new and renewal business for our property and casualty and group benefits products is priced considering prevailing interest rates. as interest rates decline, in order to achieve the same economic return, we would have to increase product prices to offset the lower anticipated investment income earned on invested premiums. conversely, as interest rates rise, pricing targets will tend to decrease to reflect higher anticipated investment income. our ability to effectively react to such changes in interest rates may affect our competitiveness in the marketplace, and in turn, could reduce written premium and earnings. for additional information on interest rate sensitivity, see part ii, item 7, md&a - enterprise risk management, financial risk - interest rate risk.
in addition, due to the long-term nature of the liabilities within our group benefits operations, particularly for long-term disability, declines in interest rates over an extended period of time would result in our having to reinvest at lower yields. on the other hand, a rise in interest rates, in the absence of other countervailing changes, would reduce the market value of our investment portfolio. a decline in market value of invested assets due to an increase in interest rates could also limit our ability to realize tax benefits from recognized capital losses.
•inflation risk - inflation is a risk to our property and casualty business because, in many cases, claims are paid out many years after a policy is written and premium is collected for the risk. supply chain issues arising from conditions due to the pandemic have contributed to inflation in the cost of labor and repairs for insurance claims paid to insureds and third parties. a greater than expected increase in inflation related to the cost of medical services and repairs over the claim settlement period can result in higher claim costs than what was estimated at the time the policy was written. inflation can also affect consumer spending and business investment which can reduce the demand for our products and services. in addition, sustained inflation may result in an increase in interest rates, which would result in a reduction in the fair value of our investment portfolio.
•changes in the labor market - evolving labor market conditions, including increased competition for talent, could make it difficult to hire and retain employees and could increase compensation and benefit expense. new technologies may lead to changes in skill sets needed from the workforce, resulting in difficulty in attracting, developing and retaining employees. if insured businesses cannot hire enough qualified people to sell products and services to customers, economic activity may be depressed and lower insured exposure, hindering the company's growth.
•foreign currency exchange rate - changes in foreign currency exchange rates may impact our non-u.s. dollar denominated investments and foreign subsidiaries. as the company has expanded its international operations, exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. we hold cash and fixed maturity securities denominated in foreign currencies, including british pounds and canadian dollars, among others, and also have other assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies such as premiums receivable and loss reserves. while the company predominately uses asset-liability matching, including the use of derivatives, to hedge certain of these exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, these actions do not eliminate the risk that
|part i - item 1a. risk factors changes in the exchange rates of foreign currencies to the u.s. dollar could result in financial loss to the company, including realized or unrealized losses resulting from currency revaluation and increases to regulatory capital requirements for foreign subsidiaries that have net assets that are not denominated in their local currency. for additional information on foreign exchange risk, see part ii, item 7, md&a - enterprise risk management, financial risk.
concentration of our investment portfolio increases the potential for significant losses.
the concentration of our investment portfolios in any particular industry, collateral type, group of related industries or geographic sector could have an adverse effect on our investment portfolios and consequently on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. events or developments that have a negative impact on any particular industry, collateral type, group of related industries or geographic region may have a greater adverse effect on our investment portfolio to the extent that the portfolio is concentrated rather than diversified.
further, if issuers of securities or loans we hold are acquired, merge or otherwise consolidate with other issuers of securities or loans held by the company, our investment portfolio's credit concentration risk to issuers could increase for a period of time, until the company is able to sell securities to get back in compliance with the established investment credit policies.
changing climate and weather patterns may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation.
climate change presents risks to us as an insurer, investor and employer. climate models indicate that rising temperatures will likely result in rising sea levels over the decades to come and may increase the frequency and intensity of natural catastrophes and severe weather events. extreme weather events such as abnormally high temperatures may result in increased losses associated with our property, automobile, workers' compensation and group benefits businesses. changing climate patterns may also increase the duration, frequency and intensity of heat/cold waves, which may result in increased claims for property damage, business interruption and losses under workers' compensation, group disability and group life coverages. precipitation patterns across the u.s. are projected to change, which if realized, may increase risks of flash floods and wildfires. if third parties assert that climate change-related risks and damages are caused by insured businesses, or arise from alleged mismanagement at insured businesses, we may experience increased claims under general liability and management liability policies. additionally, there may be an impact on the demand, price and availability of automobile and homeowners insurance, and there is a risk of higher reinsurance costs or more limited availability of reinsurance coverage. changes in climate conditions may also cause our underlying modeling data to not adequately reflect frequency and severity, limiting our ability to effectively evaluate and manage risks of catastrophes and severe weather events. among other impacts, this could result in not charging enough premiums or not obtaining timely state approvals for rate increases to cover the risks we insure. we may also experience significant interruptions to the company's systems and operations that hinder our ability to sell and service business, manage claims and operate our business.
in addition, climate change-related risks may adversely impact the value of the investments that we hold, resulting in potential realized or unrealized losses on our invested assets. our decision to invest in certain securities, loans, or other investments may also be impacted by changes in climate patterns due to:
•changes in supply/demand for traditional sources of energy (e.g., coal, oil, natural gas);
•advances in low-carbon technology and renewable energy development;
•effects of extreme weather events on the physical and operational exposure of industries and issuers; and
•internal investment guidelines and policies related to the global energy transition.
the effects of climate change could also lead to increased credit risk of other counterparties we transact business with, including reinsurers. rising sea levels may lead to decreases in real estate values in coastal areas, reducing premium and demand for commercial property and homeowners insurance and adversely impacting the value of our real estate-related investments. additionally, government policies or regulations to slow climate change, such as emission controls or technology mandates, may have an adverse impact on sectors such as utilities, transportation and manufacturing, affecting demand for our products and our investments in these sectors. moreover, regulators may undertake actions to minimize the effects of climate change on consumers, which could affect coverage provided under insurance contracts and administrative process.
these emerging regulatory initiatives, or other climate-related policies we adopt, may result in non-renewal of business or not underwriting or investing in certain industry sectors.
because there is significant variability associated with the impacts of climate change, we cannot predict how physical, legal, regulatory and social responses may impact our business.
the discontinuance of libor may adversely affect the value of certain investments we hold and floating rate securities we have issued, and any other assets or liabilities whose value may be tied to libor.
libor is an indicative measure of the average interest rate at which major global banks could borrow from one another. libor is used as a benchmark or reference rate in certain derivatives and floating rate fixed maturities that are part of our investment portfolio, as well as two classes of junior subordinated debentures that we have issued and are currently outstanding.
in july 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority ("fca") announced that by the end of 2021 it intended to stop persuading or compelling banks to report information used to set libor. since 2017, actions by regulators have resulted in efforts to establish alternative reference rates to libor in several major currencies. the alternative reference rate
|part i - item 1a. risk factors committee, a group of private-market participants convened by the federal reserve board and the federal reserve bank of new york, has recommended the secured overnight funding rate ("sofr") as its preferred alternative rate for u.s. dollar libor. sofr is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by u.s. treasury securities, and is based on directly observable u.s. treasury-backed repurchase transactions. the federal reserve bank of new york began publishing daily sofr in april 2018. development and adoption of broadly accepted methodologies for transitioning from libor, an unsecured forward-looking rate, to sofr, a secured rate based on historical transactions, is ongoing.
on march 5, 2021, the fca announced that publication of certain libor settings in currencies other than u.s. dollars would cease immediately after december 31, 2021, and that publication of u.s. dollar libor on a representative basis would cease for the one-week and two-month settings immediately after december 31, 2021 and for the remaining u.s. dollar settings immediately after june 30, 2023. although the most widely used settings of u.s. dollar libor continue to be published and used in existing transactions, regulatory pressures and other factors have resulted in a general decline in new u.s. dollar libor-based transactions.
the company continues to monitor and assess the potential impacts of the discontinuation of libor, which will vary depending on (1) existing contract language to determine a libor replacement rate, referred to as "fallback provisions", in individual contracts, (2) the effects of certain legislation providing for libor replacement rates or otherwise affecting contractual fallback provisions and (3) whether, how, and when industry participants develop and widely adopt new reference rates and fallback provisions for both existing and new products or instruments. at this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond to these new rates and the effect that the discontinuation of libor might have on new or existing financial instruments. if libor ceases to exist or is found by regulators to no longer be representative, outstanding contracts with interest rates tied to libor may be adversely affected and impact our results of operations through a reduction in value of some of our libor referenced floating rate investments, an increase in the interest we pay on our outstanding junior subordinated debentures, or an adverse impact to hedge effectiveness of derivatives or availability of hedge accounting. additionally, any discontinuation of or transition from libor may impact pricing, valuation and risk analytic processes and hedging strategies.
for additional information on the company's financial instruments that are tied to libor, see part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation, enterprise risk management, financial risk.
insurance industry and product related risks unfavorable loss development may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
we establish property and casualty loss reserves to cover our estimated liability for the payment of all unpaid losses and loss expenses incurred with respect to premiums earned on our policies. loss reserves are estimates of what we expect the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost, less what has been paid to date. these estimates are based upon actuarial projections and on our assessment of currently available data, as well as estimates of claims severity and frequency, legal theories of liability and other factors. for risks due to evolving changes in social, economic and environmental conditions, see the risk factor, "unexpected and unintended claim and coverage issues under our insurance contracts may adversely impact our financial performance."
loss reserve estimates are refined periodically as experience develops and claims are reported and settled, potentially resulting in increases to our reserves. increases in reserves would be recognized as an expense during the periods in which these determinations are made, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations for those periods. in addition, since reserve estimates of aggregate loss costs for prior years are used in pricing our insurance products, inaccurate reserves can lead to our products not being priced adequately to cover actual losses and related loss expenses in order to generate a profit.
we continue to receive a&e claims, the vast majority of which relate to policies written before 1986. estimating the ultimate gross reserves needed for unpaid losses and related expenses for asbestos and environmental claims is particularly difficult for insurers and reinsurers. the actuarial tools and other techniques used to estimate the ultimate cost of more traditional insurance exposures tend to be less precise when used to estimate reserves for some a&e exposures.
moreover, the assumptions used to estimate gross reserves for a&e claims, such as claim frequency over time, average severity, and how various policy provisions will be interpreted, are subject to significant uncertainty. it is also not possible to predict changes in the legal and legislative environment and their effect on the future development of a&e claims. these factors, among others, make the variability of gross reserves estimates for these longer-tailed exposures significantly greater than for other more traditional exposures.
effective december 31, 2016, the company entered into an agreement with national indemnity company ("nico"), a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway inc. ("berkshire") whereby the company is reinsured for subsequent adverse development on substantially all of its net a&e reserves up to an aggregate net limit of $1.5 billion. we remain directly liable to claimants and if the reinsurer does not fulfill its obligations under the agreement or if future adverse development exceeds the $1.5 billion aggregate limit, we may need to increase our recorded net reserves which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. for
|part i - item 1a. risk factors additional information related to risks associated with the adverse development cover, see note 12 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements.
we are vulnerable to losses from catastrophes, both natural and man-made.
our insurance operations expose us to claims arising out of catastrophes. catastrophes can be caused by various unpredictable natural events, including, among others, earthquakes, hurricanes, hailstorms, severe winter weather, wind storms, fires, tornadoes, and pandemics. catastrophes can also be man-made, such as terrorist attacks, civil unrest, cyber-attacks, explosions or infrastructure failures.
the geographic distribution of our business subjects us to catastrophe exposure for events occurring in a number of areas, including, but not limited to: hurricanes in florida, the gulf coast, the northeast and the atlantic coast regions of the united states; tornadoes and hail in the midwest and southeast; earthquakes in geographical regions exposed to seismic activity; wildfires in the west; and the spread of disease, which can occur throughout multiple geographic locations. we are also exposed to catastrophe losses in other parts of the world through our global specialty business. any increases in the values and concentrations of insureds and property in these areas would increase the severity of catastrophic events in the future. in addition, changes in climate and/or weather patterns may increase the frequency and/or intensity of severe weather and natural catastrophe events potentially leading to increased insured losses. potential examples include, but are not limited to:
•an increase in the frequency or intensity of wind and thunderstorm and tornado/hailstorm events due to increased convection in the atmosphere,
•more frequent and larger wildfires in certain geographies,
•higher incidence of deluge flooding, and
•the potential for an increase in frequency and severity of hurricane events.
insufficient incorporation of climatic trends into widely used catastrophe models and internal tools to assess risk from natural catastrophe perils could lead to ineffective evaluation and management of catastrophe risk. for a further discussion of climate-related risks, see the above-referenced risk factor, "changing climate and weather patterns may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation."
our businesses also have exposure to global or nationally occurring pandemics caused by highly infectious and potentially fatal diseases spread through human, animal or plant populations.
in the event of one or more catastrophes, policyholders may be unable to meet their obligations to pay premiums on our insurance policies. further, our liquidity could be constrained by a catastrophe, or multiple catastrophes. in addition, in part because accounting rules do not permit insurers to reserve for such catastrophic events until they occur, claims from catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. the amount we charge for catastrophe exposure may be inadequate if the frequency or severity of catastrophe losses changes over time or if the models we use to estimate the exposure prove inadequate. in addition, regulators or legislators could limit our ability to charge adequate pricing for catastrophe exposures or shift more responsibility for covering risk.
terrorism is an example of a significant man-made caused potential catastrophe. private sector catastrophe reinsurance is limited and generally unavailable for terrorism losses caused by attacks with nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological weapons. in addition, workers' compensation policies generally do not have exclusions or limitations for terrorism losses. reinsurance coverage from the federal government under the terrorism risk insurance program (the "program") reauthorization act of 2019 ("tripra 2019") is also limited and only applies for certified acts of terrorism that exceed a certain threshold of industry losses. accordingly, the effects of a terrorist attack in the geographic areas we serve may result in claims and related losses for which we do not have adequate reinsurance. tripra 2019 also requires that the federal government create the following reports, which could lead to additional legislation or regulation: (1) treasury department to include in its biennial report on the effectiveness of the program an evaluation of the availability and affordability of terrorism risk insurance for places of worship; and (2) government accountability office report to analyze and address the vulnerabilities and potential costs of cyber terrorism, to assess adequacy of coverage under the program, and to make recommendations for future legislative changes to address evolving cyber terrorism risks. further, the continued threat of terrorism and the occurrence of terrorist attacks, as well as heightened security measures and military action in response to these threats and attacks or other geopolitical or military crises, may cause significant volatility in global financial markets, disruptions to commerce and reduced economic activity. these consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of the assets in our investment portfolio. terrorist attacks also could disrupt our operation centers. in addition, tripra 2019 expires on december 31, 2027 and if the u.s. congress does not reauthorize the program or significantly reduces the government's share of covered terrorism losses, the company's exposure to terrorism losses could increase materially unless it can purchase alternative terrorism reinsurance protection in the private markets at affordable prices or takes actions to materially reduce its exposure in lines of business subject to terrorism risk. for a further discussion of tripra, see part ii, item 7, md&a - enterprise risk management - insurance risk management, reinsurance as a risk management strategy.
cyber risk exposure exists through stand-alone cyber policies as well as cyber coverage endorsements on some property, general liability, management liability and directors and officers policies. increasing frequency of cyber attacks and the evolving nature of cyber risk taking place across the globe may potentially lead to increased insured losses across the industry and for the businesses we insure. our insureds may be increasingly exposed to cyber-related attacks with insured losses to property (including data and systems), breach of data, ransom payments and business interruption.
as a result, it is possible that any, or a combination of all, of these factors related to a catastrophe, or multiple catastrophes, whether natural or man-made, can have a material adverse
|part i - item 1a. risk factors effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
pricing for our products is subject to our ability to adequately assess risks, estimate losses and comply with state and international insurance regulations.
we seek to price our property and casualty and group benefits insurance policies such that insurance premiums and future net investment income earned on premiums received will provide for an acceptable profit in excess of underwriting expenses and the cost of paying claims. pricing adequacy depends on a number of factors, including proper evaluation of underwriting risks, the ability to project future claim costs, our expense levels, net investment income realized, our response to rate actions taken by competitors, legal and regulatory developments, including in international markets, and the ability to obtain regulatory approval for rate changes.
state insurance departments regulate many of the premium rates we charge and also propose rate changes for the benefit of the property and casualty consumer at the expense of the insurer, which may not allow us to reach targeted levels of profitability. moreover, regulators may seek to prohibit or constrain the use of certain underwriting and rating factors, which may affect our ability to price risks. in addition to regulating rates, certain states have enacted laws that require a property and casualty insurer to participate in assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities, joint underwriting associations and other residual market plans. state regulators also require that an insurer offer property and casualty coverage to all consumers and often restrict an insurer's ability to charge the price it might otherwise charge or restrict an insurer's ability to offer or enforce specific policy deductibles. in these markets, we may be compelled to underwrite significant amounts of business at lower than desired rates or accept additional risk not contemplated in our existing rates, participate in the operating losses of residual market plans or pay assessments to fund operating deficits of state-sponsored funds, possibly leading to lower returns on equity. the laws and regulations of many states also limit an insurer's ability to withdraw from one or more lines of insurance in the state, except pursuant to a plan that is approved by the state's insurance department. additionally, certain states require insurers to participate in guaranty funds for impaired or insolvent insurance companies. these funds periodically assess losses against all insurance companies doing business in the state. any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. for more on international regulatory risks, see the risk factor, "regulatory and legislative developments could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity."
additionally, the property and casualty and group benefits insurance markets have been historically cyclical, experiencing periods characterized by relatively high levels of price competition, less restrictive underwriting standards, more expansive coverage offerings, multi-year rate guarantees and declining premium rates, followed by periods of relatively low levels of competition, more selective underwriting standards, more coverage restrictions and increasing premium rates. in all of our property and casualty and group benefits insurance product lines, there is a risk that the premium we charge may ultimately prove to be inadequate as reported losses emerge. in addition, there is a risk that regulatory constraints, price competition or incorrect pricing assumptions could prevent us from achieving targeted returns. inadequate pricing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
competitive activity, use of predictive analytics, or technological changes may adversely affect our market share, demand for our products, or our financial results.
the industries in which we operate are highly competitive. our principal competitors are other property and casualty insurers, group benefits providers and providers of mutual funds and exchange-traded products. competitors may expand their risk appetites in products and services where the hartford currently enjoys a competitive advantage. larger competitors with more capital and new entrants to the market could result in increased pricing pressures on a number of our products and services and may harm our ability to maintain or increase our profitability. for example, larger competitors, including those formed through consolidation or who may acquire new entrants to the market, such as insurtech firms, may have lower operating costs and an ability to absorb greater risk while maintaining their financial strength ratings, thereby allowing them to price their products more competitively. in addition, a number of insurers are making use of predictive analytics to, among other things, improve pricing accuracy, be more targeted in marketing, strengthen customer relationships and provide more customized loss prevention services. if they are able to use predictive analytics and other data and/or adopt innovative new technologies more effectively than we are, it may give them a competitive advantage. because of the highly competitive nature of the industries we compete in, there can be no assurance that we will continue to compete effectively with our industry rivals, or that competitive pressure will not have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
our business could also be affected by technological changes, including further advancements in automotive safety features, the development of autonomous or "self-driving" vehicles, and platforms that facilitate ride sharing. these technologies could impact the frequency or severity of losses, disrupt the demand for certain of our products, or reduce the size of the automobile insurance market as a whole. the risks we insure are also affected by the increased use of technology in homes and businesses, including technology used in heating, ventilation, air conditioning and security systems and the introduction of more automated loss control measures. increased use of advanced analytics and automation in the workplace could potentially affect the demand for workers' compensation insurance products over time. in addition, our business may be disrupted due to failures of accelerated technological changes, including our automation of minimally complex tasks, which may adversely impact our business and results of operations. while there is substantial uncertainty about the timing, penetration and reliability of such technologies, and the legal frameworks that may apply, such as to autonomous vehicles, any such impacts could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
|part i - item 1a. risk factors we may experience difficulty in marketing and providing insurance products and investment advisory services through distribution channels and advisory firms.
we distribute our insurance products, mutual funds and etps through a variety of distribution channels and financial intermediaries, including brokers, independent agents, wholesale agents, reinsurance brokers, broker-dealers, banks, registered investment advisors, affinity partners, our own internal sales force and other third-party organizations. in some areas of our business, we generate a significant portion of our business through third-party arrangements. for example, we market personal lines products in large part through an exclusive licensing arrangement with aarp that continues through december 31, 2032. our ability to distribute products through the aarp program may be adversely impacted by membership levels and the pace of membership growth. in addition, the independent agent and broker distribution channel is consolidating which could result in a larger proportion of written premium being concentrated among fewer agents and brokers, potentially increasing our cost of acquiring new business. while we periodically seek to renew or extend third party arrangements, there can be no assurance that our relationship with these third parties will continue or that the economics of these relationships won't change to make them less financially attractive to the company. an interruption in our relationship with certain of these third parties could materially affect our ability to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
unexpected and unintended claim and coverage issues under our insurance contracts may adversely impact our financial performance.
changes in industry practices and in legal, judicial, social and other environmental conditions, technological advances or fraudulent activities, may require us to pay claims we did not intend to cover when we wrote the policies. social, economic, political and environmental issues, including rising income inequality, climate change, prescription drug use and addiction, exposures to new substances or those substances previously considered to be safe and found to have latent exposure, along with the use of social media to proliferate messaging around such issues, has expanded the theories for reporting claims, which may increase our claims administration and/or litigation costs. state and local governments' increased efforts aimed to respond to the costs and concerns associated with these types of issues, may also lead to expansive, new theories for reporting claims or may lead to the passage of "reviver" statutes that extend the statute of limitations for the reporting of these claims, including statutes passed in certain states with respect to sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims. in addition, these and other social, economic, political and environmental issues may either extend coverage beyond our underwriting intent or increase the frequency or severity of claims. some of these changes, advances or activities may not become apparent until some time after we have issued insurance contracts that are affected by the changes, advances or activities and/or we may be unable to compensate for such losses through future pricing and underwriting. as a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance contracts may not be known for many years after a contract is issued, and this liability may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity at the time it becomes known.
financial strength, credit and counterparty risks downgrades in our financial strength or credit ratings may make our products less attractive, increase our cost of capital and inhibit our ability to refinance our debt.
financial strength and credit ratings are important in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. rating agencies assign ratings based upon several factors. while most of the factors relate to the rated company, others relate to the views of the rating agency (including its assessment of the strategic importance of the rated company to the insurance group), general economic conditions, and circumstances outside the rated company's control. in addition, rating agencies may employ different models and formulas to assess the financial strength of a rated company, and from time to time rating agencies have altered these models. changes to the models or factors used by the rating agencies to assign ratings could adversely impact a rating agency's judgment of its internal rating and the publicly issued rating it assigns us.
our financial strength ratings, which are intended to measure our ability to meet policyholder obligations, are an important factor affecting public confidence in most of our products and, as a result, our competitiveness. a downgrade or a potential downgrade in the rating of our financial strength or of one of our principal insurance subsidiaries could affect our competitive position and reduce future sales of our products.
our credit ratings also affect our cost of capital. a downgrade or a potential downgrade of our credit ratings could make it more difficult or costly to refinance maturing debt obligations, to support business growth at our insurance subsidiaries and to maintain or improve the financial strength ratings of our principal insurance subsidiaries. these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. for a further discussion of potential impacts of ratings downgrades on derivative instruments, including potential collateral calls, see part ii, item 7, md&a - capital resources and liquidity - derivative commitments.
the amount of capital that we must hold to maintain our financial strength and credit ratings and meet other requirements can vary significantly from time to time and is sensitive to a number of factors outside of our control.
we conduct the vast majority of our business through licensed insurance company subsidiaries. in the united states, statutory accounting standards and statutory capital and reserve requirements for these entities are prescribed by the applicable
|part i - item 1a. risk factors insurance regulators and the naic. the minimum capital we must hold is based on risk-based capital ("rbc") formulas for both life and property and casualty companies. the rbc formula for life companies is applicable to our group benefits business and establishes capital requirements relating to insurance, business, asset, credit, interest rate and off-balance sheet risks. the rbc formula for property and casualty companies sets required statutory surplus levels based on underwriting, asset and credit and off-balance sheet risks.
countries in which our international insurance subsidiaries are incorporated or deemed commercially domiciled are subject to regulatory requirements as defined by the regulatory jurisdiction, including solvency ii. in addition, our lloyd's member company must maintain required funds at lloyd's ("fal") to meet the capital requirements of its syndicate. the fal is determined based on the syndicate's solvency capital requirement ("scr") under the solvency ii capital adequacy model plus an economic capital assessment determined by the lloyd's franchise board (which is responsible for the day-to-day management of the lloyd's market).
in any particular year, statutory surplus amounts, rbc ratios, fal and scr may increase or decrease depending on a variety of factors, some of which are outside the company's control, including:
•the amount of statutory income or losses generated by our insurance subsidiaries;
•the amount of additional capital our insurance subsidiaries must hold to support business growth;
•the amount of dividends or distributions paid to the holding company;
•changes in equity market levels;
•the value of certain fixed-income and equity securities in our investment portfolio;
•the value of certain derivative instruments;
•changes in interest rates;
•admissibility of deferred tax assets;
•changes to the regulatory capital formulas; and
•regulatory changes to accounting guidance for determining capital adequacy.
among other factors, rating agencies consider the level of statutory capital and surplus of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries as well as the level of a measure of generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") capital held by the company in determining the company's financial strength and credit ratings. rating agencies may implement changes to their capital formulas that have the effect of increasing the amount of capital we must hold in order to maintain our current ratings. if our capital resources are insufficient to maintain a particular rating by one or more rating agencies, we may need to raise capital through public or private equity or debt financing. if we were not to raise additional capital, either at our discretion or because we were unable to do so, our financial strength and credit ratings might be downgraded by one or more rating agencies.
losses due to nonperformance or defaults by counterparties can have a material adverse effect on the value of our investments, reduce our profitability or sources of liquidity.
we have credit risk with counterparties associated with investments, derivatives, premiums receivable, reinsurance recoverables and indemnifications provided by third parties in connection with previous dispositions. among others, our counterparties include issuers of fixed maturity and equity securities we hold, borrowers of mortgage loans we hold, customers, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and other derivative contracts, reinsurers, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial intermediaries and guarantors. these counterparties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, insolvency, lack of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure, fraud, government intervention and other reasons. in addition, for exchange-traded derivatives, such as futures, options and "cleared" over-the-counter derivatives, the company is generally exposed to the credit risk of the relevant central counterparty clearing house. defaults by these counterparties on their obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on the value of our investments, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. additionally, if the underlying assets supporting the structured securities we invest in default on their payment obligations, our securities will incur losses.
the availability of reinsurance and our ability to recover under reinsurance contracts may not be sufficient to protect us against losses.
as an insurer, we frequently use reinsurance to reduce the effect of losses that may arise from, among other things, catastrophes and other risks that can cause unfavorable results of operations. in addition, our assumed reinsurance business purchases retrocessional coverage for a portion of the risks it assumes. under these reinsurance arrangements, other insurers assume a portion of our losses and related expenses; however, we remain liable as the direct insurer on all risks reinsured. consequently, ceded reinsurance arrangements do not eliminate our obligation to pay claims, and we are subject to our reinsurers' credit risk with respect to our ability to recover amounts due from them. the inability or unwillingness of any reinsurer or retrocessionaire to meet its financial obligations to us, including the impact of any insolvency or rehabilitation proceedings involving a reinsurer or retrocessionaire that could affect the company's access to collateral held in trust, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
in addition, should the availability and cost of reinsurance change materially, we may have to pay higher reinsurance costs, accept an increase in our net liability exposure, reduce the amount of business we write, or access to the extent possible other alternatives to reinsurance, such as use of the capital markets. further, due to the inherent uncertainties as to collection and the length of time before reinsurance recoverables will be due, it is possible that future adjustments to the company's reinsurance recoverables, net of the allowance, could be required, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated results of operations or liquidity in a particular quarterly or annual period.
|part i - item 1a. risk factors our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to limitations.
the payment of future dividends on our capital stock is subject to the discretion of our board of directors, which considers, among other factors, our operating results, overall financial condition, credit-risk considerations and capital requirements, as well as general business and market conditions. our board of directors may only declare such dividends out of funds legally available for such payments. moreover, our common stockholders are subject to the prior dividend rights of any holders of depositary shares representing preferred stock then outstanding. the terms of our outstanding junior subordinated debt securities prohibit us from declaring or paying any dividends or distributions on our capital stock or purchasing, acquiring, or making a liquidation payment on such stock, if we have given notice of our election to defer interest payments and the related deferral period has not yet commenced or a deferral period is continuing.
moreover, as a holding company that is separate and distinct from our insurance subsidiaries, we have no significant business operations of our own. therefore, we rely on dividends from our insurance company subsidiaries and other subsidiaries as the principal source of cash flow to meet our obligations. subsidiary dividends fund payments on our debt securities and the payment of dividends to stockholders on our capital stock. connecticut state laws and certain other u.s. jurisdictions in which we operate limit the payment of dividends and require notice to and approval by the state insurance commissioner for the declaration or payment of dividends above certain levels. the laws and regulations of the countries in which our international insurance subsidiaries are incorporated or deemed commercially domiciled, as well as requirements of the council of lloyd's, also impose limitations on the payment of dividends which, in some instances, are more restrictive. dividends paid from our insurance subsidiaries are further dependent on their cash requirements. in addition, in the event of liquidation or reorganization of a subsidiary, prior claims of a subsidiary's creditors may take precedence over the holding company's right to a dividend or distribution from the subsidiary except to the extent that the holding company may be a creditor of that subsidiary. for further discussion on dividends from insurance subsidiaries, see part ii, item 7, md&a - capital resources & liquidity.
risks relating to estimates, assumptions and valuations actual results could materially differ from the analytical models we use to assist our decision making in key areas such as underwriting, pricing, capital management, reserving, investments, reinsurance and catastrophe risks.
we use models to help make decisions related to, among other things, underwriting, pricing, capital allocation, reserving, investments, reinsurance, and catastrophe risk. both proprietary and third party models we use incorporate numerous assumptions and forecasts about the future level and variability of interest rates, capital requirements, loss frequency and severity, currency exchange rates, policyholder behavior, equity markets and inflation, among others. the models are subject to the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis as the historical internal and industry data and assumptions used in the models may not be indicative of what will happen in the future. consequently, actual results may differ materially from our modeled results. the profitability and financial condition of the company substantially depends on the extent to which our actual experience is consistent with assumptions we use in our models and ultimate model outputs. if, based upon these models or other factors, we misprice our products or our estimates of the risks we are exposed to prove to be materially inaccurate, our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity may be adversely affected.
the valuation of our securities and investments and the determination of allowances and credit losses are highly subjective and based on methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and market conditions.
estimated fair values of the company's investments are based on available market information and judgments about financial instruments, including estimates of the timing and amounts of expected future cash flows and the credit standing of the issuer or counterparty. during periods of market disruption, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. there may be certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the financial environment. in addition, there may be certain securities whose fair value is based on one or more unobservable inputs, even during normal market conditions. as a result, the determination of the fair values of these securities may include inputs and assumptions that require more estimation and management judgment and the use of complex valuation methodologies. these fair values may differ materially from the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. further, rapidly changing or unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. decreases in value could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
similarly, management's decision on whether to record an allowance for credit losses is subject to significant judgments and assumptions regarding changes in general economic conditions, the issuer's financial condition or future recovery prospects, estimated future cash flows, the expected recovery period and the accuracy of third party information used in internal assessments. as a result, management's evaluations and assessments are highly judgmental and its projections of future cash flows over the life of certain securities may ultimately prove incorrect as facts and circumstances change.
|part i - item 1a. risk factors if our businesses do not perform well, we may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill.
goodwill represents the excess of the amounts we paid to acquire subsidiaries and other businesses over the fair value of their net assets at the date of acquisition. we test goodwill at least annually for impairment. impairment testing is performed based upon estimates of the fair value of the "reporting unit" to which the goodwill relates. the reporting unit is the operating segment or a business one level below an operating segment if discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by management at that level. the fair value of the reporting unit could decrease if new business, customer retention, profitability or other drivers of performance differ from expectations. if it is determined that the goodwill has been impaired, the company must write down the goodwill by the amount of the impairment, with a corresponding charge to net income (loss). these write downs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
strategic and operational risks our businesses may suffer and we may incur substantial costs if we are unable to access our systems and safeguard the security of our data in the event of a disaster, cyber breach or other information security incident.
we use technology to process, store, retrieve, evaluate and utilize customer and company data and information. our information technology and telecommunications systems, in turn, interface with and rely upon third-party systems. we and our third party vendors must be able to access our systems to provide insurance quotes, process premium payments, make changes to existing policies, file and pay claims, administer mutual funds, provide customer support, manage our investment portfolios, report on financial results and perform other necessary business functions.
systems failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these business functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business and hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers. in the event of a disaster such as a natural catastrophe, a pandemic, civil unrest, an industrial accident, a cyber-attack, a blackout, a terrorist attack (including conventional, nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological) or war, systems upon which we rely may be inaccessible to our employees, customers or business partners for an extended period of time. even if our employees and business partners are able to report to work, they may be unable to perform their duties for an extended period of time if our data or systems used to conduct our business are disabled or destroyed.
our systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyber-attacks (such as ransomware and denial of service), cyber frauds or other computer related penetrations. the frequency and sophistication of such threats continue to increase as well.
while, to date, the hartford is not aware of having experienced a material breach of our cyber security systems, administrative, internal accounting and technical controls as well as other preventive actions may be insufficient to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, denial of service, cyber-attacks, business email compromises, ransomware or other security breaches to our systems or those of third parties with whom we do business. such an event could compromise our confidential information as well as that of our clients and third parties, impede or interrupt our business operations and result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, loss of revenue, additional regulatory scrutiny and litigation and reputational damage. in addition, we routinely transmit to third parties personal, confidential and proprietary information, which may be related to employees and customers, by email and other electronic means, along with receiving and storing such information on our systems. although we attempt to protect privileged and confidential information, we may be unable to secure the information in all events, especially with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties who may not have appropriate controls to protect confidential information.
our businesses must comply with regulations to control the privacy of customer, employee and third party data, and state, federal and international regulations regarding data privacy, including the european union general data protection regulation and california consumer privacy act, are becoming increasingly more onerous. a misuse or mishandling of confidential or proprietary information could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm.
third parties, including third party administrators and cloud-based systems, are also subject to cyber-attacks and breaches of confidential information, along with the other risks outlined above, any one of which may result in our incurring substantial costs and other negative consequences, including a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. while we maintain cyber liability insurance that provides both third party liability and first party insurance coverages, our insurance may not be sufficient to protect against all loss.
performance problems due to outsourcing and other third-party relationships may compromise our ability to conduct business.
we outsource certain business and administrative functions and rely on third-party vendors to perform certain functions or provide certain services on our behalf and have a significant number of information technology and business processes outsourced with a single vendor. if we are unable to reach agreement in the negotiation of contracts or renewals with certain third-party providers, or if such third-party providers experience disruptions in their processes or with relied upon vendors, or if they do not perform as anticipated, we may be unable to meet our obligations to customers and claimants, incur higher costs and lose business which may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. for other risks associated with our outsourcing of certain functions, see the risk factor, "our businesses may suffer and we may incur substantial costs if we are unable to access our systems and safeguard the security of our data in the event of a disaster, cyber breach or other information security incident."
|part i - item 1a. risk factors our ability to execute on capital management plans, expense reduction initiatives and other actions is subject to material challenges, uncertainties and risks.
the ability to execute on capital management plans is subject to material challenges, uncertainties and risks. from time to time, our capital management plans may include the repurchase of common stock, the paydown of outstanding debt or both. we may not achieve all of the benefits we expect to derive from these plans. for an equity repurchase plan approved by the board, such capital management plan would be subject to execution risks, including, among others, risks related to market fluctuations, investor interest and potential legal constraints that could delay execution at an otherwise optimal time. there can be no assurance that we will fully execute any such plan. in addition, we may not be successful in keeping our businesses cost efficient. we may take future actions, including acquisitions, divestitures or restructurings that may involve additional uncertainties and risks that negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
acquisitions and divestitures may not produce the anticipated benefits and may result in unintended consequences, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses or achieve the expected synergies as a result of such acquisitions or divestitures. the process of integrating an acquired company or business can be complex and costly and may create unforeseen operating difficulties including ineffective integration of underwriting, risk management, claims handling, finance, information technology and actuarial practices. difficulties integrating an acquired business may also result in the acquired business performing differently than we expected including through the loss of customers or in our failure to realize anticipated increased premium growth or expense-related efficiencies. we could be adversely affected by the acquisition due to unanticipated performance issues and additional expense, unforeseen liabilities, transaction-related charges, downgrades by third-party rating agencies, diversion of management time and resources to integration challenges, loss of key employees, regulatory requirements, exposure to tax liabilities, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets or goodwill. in addition, we may be adversely impacted by uncertainties related to reserve estimates of the acquired company and its design and operation of internal controls over financial reporting. we may be unable to distribute as much capital to the holding company as planned due to regulatory restrictions or other reasons that may adversely affect our liquidity.
in addition, in the case of business or asset dispositions, we may have continued financial exposure to the divested businesses through reinsurance, indemnification or other financial arrangements following the transaction. the expected benefits of acquired or divested businesses may not be realized and involve additional uncertainties and risks that may negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
difficulty in attracting and retaining talented and qualified personnel may adversely affect the execution of our business strategies.
our ability to attract, develop and retain talented employees, managers and executives is critical to our success. there is significant competition within and outside the insurance and financial services industry for qualified employees, particularly for individuals with highly specialized knowledge in areas such as underwriting, actuarial, data and analytics, technology and digital commerce and investment management. our continued ability to compete effectively in our businesses and to expand into new business areas depends on our ability to attract new employees and to develop, retain and motivate our existing employees. the loss of key employees, including executives, managers and employees with strong technological, analytical and other specialized skills, may adversely impact the execution of our business objectives or result in loss of important institutional knowledge. our inability to attract and retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
we may not be able to protect our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims.
we rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our intellectual property. although we use a broad range of measures to protect our intellectual property rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property. we may have to litigate to enforce and protect our intellectual property and to determine its scope, validity or enforceability, which could divert significant resources and may not prove successful. litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights may not be successful and cost a significant amount of money. the inability to secure or enforce the protection of our intellectual property assets could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete. we also may be subject to costly litigation in the event that another party alleges our operations or activities infringe upon their intellectual property rights, including patent rights, or violate license usage rights. any such intellectual property claims and any resulting litigation could result in significant expense and liability for damages, and in some circumstances we could be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers, or utilizing and benefiting from certain patent, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or licenses, or alternatively could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
|part i - item 1a. risk factors regulatory and legal risks regulatory and legislative developments could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
we are subject to extensive laws and regulations that are complex, subject to change and often conflict in their approach or intended outcomes. compliance with these laws and regulations can increase cost, affect our strategy, and constrain our ability to adequately price our products.
in the u.s., regulatory initiatives and legislative developments may significantly affect our operations and prospects in ways that we cannot predict. for example, further reforms to the affordable care act, and potential modifications of the dodd-frank act, including expansion of the role of the federal insurance office ("fio") or repeal of the mccarran-ferguson act, could have unanticipated consequences for the company and its businesses. it is unclear whether and to what extent congress will continue to pursue these types of reforms, and how those changes might impact the company, its business, financial conditions, results of operations and liquidity.
our u.s. insurance subsidiaries are regulated by the insurance departments of the states in which they are domiciled, licensed or authorized to conduct business. state regulations generally seek to protect the interests of policyholders rather than an insurer or the insurer's stockholders and other investors. u.s. state laws grant insurance regulatory authorities broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things, licensing and authorizing lines of business, approving policy forms and premium rates, setting statutory capital and reserve requirements, limiting the types and amounts of certain investments and restricting underwriting practices. state insurance departments also set constraints on domestic insurer transactions with affiliates and dividends and, in many cases, must approve affiliate transactions and extraordinary dividends as well as strategic transactions such as acquisitions and divestitures.
our international insurance subsidiaries are subject to the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdictions in which they operate, including the requirements of the prudential regulation authority and the financial conduct authority in the u.k and the insurance authority in hong kong. our lloyd's syndicate is also subject to management and supervision by the council of lloyd's, which has wide discretionary powers to regulate members' underwriting at lloyd's, as well as regulations imposed by overseas regulators where the lloyd's syndicate conducts business.
there is continued uncertainty as to whether and how the u.k. might continue to access the e.u. single market now that the u.k. has left the e.u. following the conclusion of the trade and cooperation agreement on december 30, 2020. there is the prospect of "equivalence" decisions to provide the u.k. with access, but these would be designed to cover a limited range of financial services activity and not offer permanent market access.
in addition, future regulatory initiatives could be adopted at the federal, state and international level that could impact the profitability of our businesses. for example, the naic and state insurance regulators are continually reexamining existing laws and regulations, specifically focusing on modifications to u.s. statutory accounting principles, interpretations of existing laws and the development of new laws and regulations. the naic continues to enhance the u.s. system of insurance solvency regulation, with a particular focus on group supervision, risk-based capital, accounting and financial reporting, enterprise risk management and reinsurance which could, among other things, affect statutory measures of capital sufficiency, including risk-based capital ratios.
in response to climate change, regulators at the federal, state and international level could impose new regulations requiring disclosure of underwriting or investment in certain industry sectors or could take other actions such as implementing a temporary moratorium on cancellation of policies within catastrophe prone areas. specifically, the u.s. securities and exchange commission ("sec") is considering new rules to require climate-related risk disclosures in public filings and the fio continues to analyze the potential for climate change to affect insurance and reinsurance coverage, which could result in increased data collection and reporting. regulators may also impose new requirements affecting our operations such as enforcing compliance with reductions in greenhouse gas emissions (ghge) and increasing the targeted reductions in the future.
in addition, changes in laws or regulations, particularly relating to privacy and data security and potential limitations on predictive models, such as use of certain underwriting rating variables, may materially impede our ability to execute on business strategies and/or our ability to be competitive. any proposed or future legislation or naic initiatives, if adopted, may be more restrictive on our ability to conduct business than current regulatory requirements or may result in higher costs or increased statutory capital and reserve requirements. in addition, the federal reserve board and the international association of insurance supervisors ("iais") continue to advance the development of insurance group capital standards. as of january 1, 2020, the iais insurance capital standard entered a five-year monitoring period at the end of which insurance firms are required to be in compliance with such standards. while the company would not currently be subject to either of these capital standard regimes, it is possible that, in the future, standards similar to what is being contemplated by the federal reserve board or the iais could apply to the company. working through the naic, u.s. state insurance regulators have developed a group capital calculation for use in solvency-monitoring activities. the calculation is intended to provide additional analytical information to the lead state for use in assessing group risks and capital adequacy to complement the current holding company analysis in the u.s. the next step is for the revised naic model act and regulation to go to the states for adoption. the covered agreement between the u.s. and european union, as well as the covered agreement between the u.s. and the u.k., provide a 60-month period (expiring september 22, 2022) for the u.s. to implement a "worldwide group capital calculation" for u.s. groups. if this deadline is not met, european union member states and the u.k. each could potentially subject u.s. groups doing business in the eu and the u.k. to their own group supervision requirements, possibly including imposition of solvency ii's group capital standard.
|part i - item 1a. risk factors further, a particular regulator or enforcement authority may interpret a legal, accounting, or reserving issue differently than we have, exposing us to different or additional regulatory risks. the application of these regulations and guidelines by insurers involves interpretations and judgments that may be challenged by state insurance departments and other regulators. the result of those potential challenges could require us to increase levels of regulatory capital and reserves or incur higher operating and/or tax costs.
in addition, our asset management businesses are also subject to extensive regulation in the various jurisdictions where they operate. these laws and regulations are primarily intended to protect investors in the securities markets or investment advisory clients and generally grant supervisory authorities broad administrative powers. compliance with these laws and regulations is costly, time consuming and personnel intensive, and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
our insurance business is sensitive to significant changes in the legal environment that could adversely affect the hartford's results of operations or financial condition or harm its businesses.
like any major p&c insurance company, litigation is a routine part of the hartford's business - both in defending and indemnifying our insureds and in litigating insurance coverage disputes. the hartford accounts for such activity by establishing unpaid loss and loss adjustment expense reserves. significant changes in the legal environment could cause our ultimate liabilities to change from our current expectations. such changes could be judicial in nature, like trends in the size of jury awards, developments in the law relating to tort liability or the liability of insurers, and rulings concerning the scope of insurance coverage or the amount or types of damages covered by insurance. in addition, changes in federal or state laws and regulations relating to the liability of insurers or policyholders, including state laws expanding "bad faith" liability and state "reviver" statutes, extending statutes of limitations for certain sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims, could result in changes in business practices, additional litigation, or could result in unexpected losses, including increased frequency and severity of claims. it is impossible to forecast such changes reliably, much less to predict how they might affect our loss reserves or how those changes might adversely affect our ability to price our insurance products appropriately. thus, significant judicial or legislative developments could adversely affect the hartford's business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
changes in federal, state or foreign tax laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
changes in federal, state or foreign tax laws and tax rates or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition by increasing the company's overall tax and compliance burdens. the company's federal and state tax returns reflect certain items such as tax-exempt bond interest, tax credits, and insurance reserve deductions. there is an increasing risk that, in the context of tax reform in the u.s., federal and/or state tax legislation could modify or eliminate these items, impacting the company, its investments, investment strategies, and/or its policyholders.
regulatory requirements could delay, deter or prevent a takeover attempt that stockholders might consider in their best interests.
before a person can acquire control of a u.s. insurance company, prior written approval must be obtained from the insurance commissioner of the state where the domestic insurer is domiciled. prior to granting approval of an application to acquire control of a domestic insurer, the state insurance commissioner will consider such factors as the financial strength of the applicant, the acquirer's plans for the future operations of the domestic insurer, and any such additional information as the insurance commissioner may deem necessary or appropriate for the protection of policyholders or in the public interest. generally, state statutes provide that control over a domestic insurer is presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds with the power to vote, or holds proxies representing 10 percent or more of the voting securities of the domestic insurer or its parent company. because a person acquiring 10 percent or more of our common stock would indirectly control the same percentage of the stock of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries, the insurance change of control laws of various u.s. jurisdictions would likely apply to such a transaction. other laws or required approvals pertaining to one or more of our existing subsidiaries, or a future subsidiary, may contain similar or additional restrictions on the acquisition of control of the company. these laws and similar rules applying to subsidiaries domiciled outside of the united states may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter, or prevent a change of control, including transactions that our board of directors and some or all of our stockholders might consider to be desirable.
changes in accounting principles and financial reporting requirements could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
as an sec registrant, we are currently required to prepare our financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap, as promulgated by the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"). accordingly, we are required to adopt new guidance or interpretations which may have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition that is either unexpected or has a greater impact than expected. for a description of changes in accounting standards that are currently pending and, if known, our estimates of their expected impact, see note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
|part i - item 2. properties
item 7.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(dollar amounts in millions, except for per share data, unless otherwise stated)
the hartford provides projections and other forward-looking information in the following discussions, which contain many forward-looking statements, particularly relating to the company's future financial performance. these forward-looking statements are estimates based on information currently available to the company, are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and are subject to the cautionary statements set forth on pages 4 and 5 of this form 10-k. actual results are likely to differ, and in the past have differed, materially from those forecast by the company, depending on the outcome of various factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth in the following discussion and in part i, item 1a, risk factors, and those identified from time to time in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission. the hartford undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
on december 29, 2021, the company completed the sale of all of the issued and outstanding equity of navigators holdings (europe) n.v., a belgium holding company, and its subsidiaries, bracht, deckers & mackelbert n.v. ("bdm") and assurances contintales contintale verzekeringen n.v. ("asco"), (collectively referred to as "continental europe operations").
for discussion of reclassifications, acquisitions, and dispositions, see note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies, note 2 - business acquisitions and note 22 - business dispositions of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the hartford defines increases or decreases greater than or equal to 200% as "nm" or not meaningful.
for discussion of the earliest of the three years included in the financial statements of the current filing, refer to part 2, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the hartford's 2020 form 10-k annual report.
index description                                          page key performance measures and ratios the hartford's operations                              44
financial highlights consolidated results of operations investment results                                     52
critical accounting estimates                          54
commercial lines                                       76
personal lines                                         81
property &amp; casualty other operations group benefits hartford funds                                         90
corporate enterprise risk management capital resources and liquidity                       111
impact of new accounting standards                    120
throughout the md&a, we use certain terms and abbreviations, the more commonly used are summarized in the acronyms section.
key performance measures and ratios the company considers the measures and ratios in the following discussion to be key performance indicators for its businesses. management believes that these ratios and measures are useful in understanding the underlying trends in the hartford's businesses. however, these key performance indicators should only be used in conjunction with, and not in lieu of, the results presented in the segment discussions that follow in this md&a. these ratios and measures may not be comparable to other performance measures used by the company's competitors.
definitions of non-gaap and other measures and ratios assets under management ("aum")- include mutual fund and etp assets. aum is a measure used by the company's hartford funds segment because a significant portion of the segments's revenues and expenses are based upon asset values. these revenues and expenses increase or decrease with a rise or fall in aum whether caused by changes in the market or through net flows.
book value per diluted share excluding accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci")- this is a non-gaap per share measure that is calculated by dividing (a) common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci, after tax, by (b) common shares outstanding
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and dilutive potential common shares. the company provides this measure to enable investors to analyze the amount of the company's net worth that is primarily attributable to the company's business operations. the company believes that excluding aoci from the numerator is useful to investors because it eliminates the effect of items that can fluctuate significantly from period to period, primarily based on changes in interest rates. book value per diluted share is the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measure.
combined ratio- the sum of the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio, the expense ratio and the policyholder dividend ratio. this ratio is a relative measurement that describes the related cost of losses and expenses for every $100 of earned premiums. a combined ratio below 100 demonstrates underwriting profit; a combined ratio above 100 demonstrates underwriting losses.
core earnings- the hartford uses the non-gaap measure core earnings as an important measure of the company's operating performance. the hartford believes that core earnings provides investors with a valuable measure of the performance of the company's ongoing businesses because it reveals trends in our insurance and financial services businesses that may be obscured by including the net effect of certain items. therefore, the following items are excluded from core earnings:
•certain realized gains and losses - some realized gains and losses are primarily driven by investment decisions and external economic developments, the nature and timing of which are unrelated to the insurance and underwriting aspects of our business. accordingly, core earnings excludes the effect of all realized gains and losses that tend to be highly variable from period to period based on capital market conditions. the hartford believes, however, that some realized gains and losses are integrally related to our insurance operations, so core earnings includes net realized gains and losses such as net periodic settlements on credit derivatives. these net realized gains and losses are directly related to an offsetting item included in the income statement such as net investment income.
•restructuring and other costs - costs incurred as part of a restructuring plan are not a recurring operating expense of the business.
•loss on extinguishment of debt - largely consisting of make-whole payments or tender premiums upon paying debt off before maturity, these losses are not a recurring operating expense of the business.
•gains and losses on reinsurance transactions - gains or losses on reinsurance, such as those entered into upon sale of a business or to reinsure loss reserves, are not a recurring operating expense of the business.
•integration and other non-recurring m&a costs - these costs, including transaction costs incurred in connection with an acquired business, are incurred over a short period of time and do not represent an ongoing operating expense of the business.
•change in loss reserves upon acquisition of a business - these changes in loss reserves are excluded from core earnings because such changes could obscure the ability to compare results in periods after the acquisition to results of periods prior to the acquisition.
•deferred gain resulting from retroactive reinsurance and subsequent changes in the deferred gain - retroactive reinsurance agreements economically transfer risk to the reinsurers and including the full benefit from retroactive reinsurance in core earnings provides greater insight into the economics of the business.
•change in valuation allowance on deferred taxes related to non-core components of before tax income - these changes in valuation allowances are excluded from core earnings because they relate to non-core components of before tax income, such as tax attributes like capital loss carryforwards.
•results of discontinued operations - these results are excluded from core earnings for businesses sold or held for sale because such results could obscure the ability to compare period over period results for our ongoing businesses.
in addition to the above components of net income available to common stockholders that are excluded from core earnings, preferred stock dividends declared, which are excluded from net income available to common stockholders, are included in the determination of core earnings. preferred stock dividends are a cost of financing more akin to interest expense on debt and are expected to be a recurring expense as long as the preferred stock is outstanding.
net income (loss) and net income (loss) available to common stockholders are the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures to core earnings. core earnings should not be considered as a substitute for net income (loss) or net income (loss) available to common stockholders and does not reflect the overall profitability of the company's business. therefore, the hartford believes that it is useful for investors to evaluate net income (loss), net income (loss) available to common stockholders, and core earnings when reviewing the company's performance.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reconciliation of net income to core earnings for the years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                      2020              2019
net income                                                                                      $2,365            $1,737            $2,085
preferred stock dividends                                                                           21                21                21
net income available to common stockholders                                                     $2,344            $1,716            $2,064
adjustments to reconcile net income available to common stockholders to core earnings:
net realized losses (gains) excluded from core earnings, before tax                              (505)                18             (389)
restructuring and other costs, before tax                                                            1               104                 -
loss on extinguishment of debt, before tax                                                           -                 -                90
loss on reinsurance transactions, before tax                                                         -                 -                91
integration and other non-recurring m&amp;a costs, before tax                                       58                51                91
change in loss reserves upon acquisition of a business, before tax                                   -                 -                97
change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance, before tax                                     246               312                16
income tax expense (benefit) [1]                                                                    34             (115)                 2
core earnings                                                                                   $2,178            $2,086            $2,062
[1] primarily represents the federal income tax expense (benefit) related to before tax items not included in core earnings and includes the effect of changes in net deferred taxes due to changes in enacted tax rates.
core earnings margin- the hartford uses the non-gaap measure core earnings margin to evaluate, and believes it is an important measure of, the group benefits segment's operating performance. core earnings margin is calculated by dividing core earnings by revenues, excluding buyouts and realized gains (losses). net income margin, calculated by dividing net income by revenues, is the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measure. the company believes that core earnings margin provides investors with a valuable measure of the performance of group benefits because it reveals trends in the business that may be obscured by the effect of buyouts and realized gains (losses) as well as other items excluded in the calculation of core earnings. core earnings margin should not be considered as a substitute for net income margin and does not reflect the overall profitability of group benefits. therefore, the company believes it is important for investors to evaluate both core earnings margin and net income margin when reviewing performance. a reconciliation of net income margin to core earnings margin is set forth in the results of operations section within md&a - group benefits.
current accident year catastrophe ratio- a component of the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio, represents the ratio of catastrophe losses incurred in the current accident year (net of reinsurance) to earned premiums. for u.s. events, a catastrophe is an event that causes $25 or more in industry insured property losses and affects a significant number of property and casualty policyholders and insurers, as defined by the property claim services office of verisk. for international events, the company's approach is similar, informed, in part, by how lloyd's of london defines catastrophes. lloyd's of london is an insurance market-place operating worldwide ("lloyd's"). lloyd's does not underwrite risks. the company accepts risks as the sole member of lloyd's syndicate 1221 ("lloyd's syndicate"). the current accident year catastrophe ratio includes the effect of catastrophe losses, but does not include the effect of reinstatement premiums.
expense ratio- for the underwriting segments of commercial lines and personal lines is the ratio of underwriting expenses less fee income, to earned premiums. underwriting expenses include the amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs ("dac") and insurance operating costs and expenses, including certain centralized services costs and bad debt expense. dac include commissions, taxes, licenses and fees and other incremental direct underwriting expenses and are amortized over the policy term.
the expense ratio for group benefits is expressed as the ratio of insurance operating costs and other expenses including amortization of intangibles and amortization of dac, to premiums and other considerations, excluding buyout premiums.
the expense ratio for commercial lines, personal lines and group benefits does not include integration and other transaction costs associated with an acquired business.
fee income- is largely driven from amounts earned as a result of contractually defined percentages of assets under management in our hartford funds business. these fees are generally earned on a daily basis. therefore, the growth in assets under management either through net inflows or favorable market performance will have a favorable impact on fee income. conversely, either net outflows or unfavorable market performance will reduce fee income.
gross new business premium- represents the amount of premiums charged, before ceded reinsurance, for policies issued to customers who were not insured with the company in the previous policy term. gross new business premium plus gross renewal written premium less ceded reinsurance equals total written premium.
loss and loss adjustment expense ratio- a measure of the cost of claims incurred in the calendar year divided by earned premium and includes losses and loss
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations adjustment expenses incurred for both the current and prior accident years. among other factors, the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio needed for the company to achieve its targeted return on equity ("roe") fluctuates from year to year based on changes in the expected investment yield over the claim settlement period, the timing of expected claim settlements and the targeted returns set by management based on the competitive environment.
the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio is affected by claim frequency and claim severity, particularly for shorter-tail property lines of business, where the emergence of claim frequency and severity is credible and likely indicative of ultimate losses. claim frequency represents the percentage change in the average number of reported claims per unit of exposure in the current accident year compared to that of the previous accident year. claim severity represents the percentage change in the estimated average cost per claim in the current accident year compared to that of the previous accident year. as one of the factors used to determine pricing, the company's practice is to first make an overall assumption about claim frequency and severity for a given line of business and then, as part of the rate-making process, adjust the assumption as appropriate for the particular state, product or coverage.
loss and loss adjustment expense ratio before catastrophes and prior accident year development- a measure of the cost of non-catastrophe loss and loss adjustment expenses incurred in the current accident year divided by earned premiums. management believes that the current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratio before catastrophes is a performance measure that is useful to investors as it removes the impact of volatile and unpredictable catastrophe losses and prior accident year development.
loss ratio, excluding buyouts- utilized for the group benefits segment and is expressed as a ratio of benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses, excluding those related to buyout premiums, to premiums and other considerations, excluding buyout premiums. since group benefits occasionally buys a block of claims for a stated premium amount, the company excludes this buyout from the loss ratio used for evaluating the profitability of the business as buyouts may distort the loss ratio. buyout premiums represent takeover of open claim liabilities and other non-recurring premium amounts.
mutual fund and exchange-traded product assets- are owned by the shareholders of those products and not by the company and, therefore, are not reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements except in instances where the company seeds new investment products.
mutual fund and etp assets are a measure used by the company primarily because a significant portion of the company's hartford funds segment revenues and expenses are based upon asset values. these revenues and expenses increase or decrease with a rise or fall in aum whether caused by changes in the market or through net flows.
net new business premium- represents the amount of premiums charged, after ceded reinsurance, for policies issued to customers who were not insured with the company in the previous policy term. net new business premium plus renewal written premium equals total written premium.
policy count retention- represents the ratio of the number of renewal policies issued during the current year period divided by the number of policies issued in the previous calendar period before considering policies cancelled subsequent to renewal. policy count retention is affected by a number of factors, including the percentage of renewal policy quotes accepted and decisions by the company to non-renew policies because of specific policy underwriting concerns or because of a decision to reduce premium writings in certain classes of business or states. policy count retention is also affected by advertising and rate actions taken by competitors.
policy count retention, net of cancellations- represents the ratio of the number of renewal policies issued net of cancellations during the current year period divided by the number of policies issued net of cancellations in the previous calendar period.
policies in force- represents the number of policies with coverage in effect as of the end of the period. the number of policies in force is a growth measure used for personal lines and standard commercial lines (small commercial and middle market lines within middle & large commercial) within commercial lines and is affected by both new business growth and policy count retention.
policyholder dividend ratio- the ratio of policyholder dividends to earned premium.
prior accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratio- represents the increase (decrease) in the estimated cost of settling catastrophe and non-catastrophe claims incurred in prior accident years as recorded in the current calendar year divided by earned premiums.
reinstatement premiums- represents additional ceded premium paid for the reinstatement of the amount of reinsurance coverage that was reduced as a result of the company ceding losses to reinsurers.
renewal earned price increase (decrease)- written premiums are earned over the policy term, which is six months for certain personal lines automobile business and twelve months for substantially all of the remainder of the company's property and casualty business. since the company earns premiums over the six to twelve month term of the policies, renewal earned price increases (decreases) lag renewal written price increases (decreases) by six to twelve months.
renewal written price increase (decrease)- for commercial lines, represents the combined effect of rate changes, amount of insurance and individual risk pricing decisions per unit of exposure on commercial lines policies that renewed. for personal lines, renewal written price increases represent the total change in premium per policy since the prior year on those policies that renewed and includes the combined effect of rate changes, amount of insurance and other changes in exposure. for personal lines, other changes in exposure include, but are not limited to, the effect of changes in number of drivers, vehicles and incidents, as well as changes in customer policy elections, such as deductibles and limits. the rate
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations component represents the change in rate filed with and approved by state regulators during the period and the amount of insurance represents the change in the value of the rating base, such as model year/vehicle symbol for automobiles, building replacement costs for property and wage inflation for workers' compensation. a number of factors affect renewal written price increases (decreases) including expected loss costs as projected by the company's pricing actuaries, rate filings approved by state regulators, risk selection decisions made by the company's underwriters and marketplace competition. renewal written price changes reflect the property and casualty insurance market cycle. prices tend to increase for a particular line of business when insurance carriers have incurred significant losses in that line of business in the recent past or the industry as a whole commits less of its capital to writing exposures in that line of business. prices tend to decrease when recent loss experience has been favorable or when competition among insurance carriers increases. renewal written price statistics are subject to change from period to period, based on a number of factors, including changes in actuarial estimates and the effect of subsequent cancellations and non-renewals, and modifications made to better reflect ultimate pricing achieved.
return on assets ("roa"), core earnings-the company uses this non-gaap financial measure to evaluate, and believes is an important measure of, the hartford funds segment's operating performance. roa, core earnings is calculated by dividing annualized core earnings by a daily average aum. roa is the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measure. the company believes that roa, core earnings, provides investors with a valuable measure of the performance of the hartford funds segment because it reveals trends in our business that may be obscured by the effect of items excluded in the calculation of core earnings. roa, core earnings, should not be considered as a substitute for roa and does not reflect the overall profitability of our hartford funds business. therefore, the company believes it is important for investors to evaluate both roa, and roa, core earnings when reviewing the hartford funds segment performance. a reconciliation of roa to roa, core earnings is set forth in the results of operations section within md&a - hartford funds.
underlying combined ratio-this non-gaap financial measure of underwriting results represents the combined ratio before catastrophes, prior accident year development and current accident year change in loss reserves upon acquisition of a business. combined ratio is the most directly comparable gaap measure. the underlying combined ratio represents the combined ratio for the current accident year, excluding the impact of current accident year catastrophes and current accident year change in loss reserves upon acquisition of a business. the company believes this ratio is an important measure of the trend in profitability since it removes the impact of volatile and unpredictable catastrophe losses and prior accident year loss and loss adjustment expense reserve development. the changes to loss reserves upon acquisition of a business are excluded from underlying combined ratio because such changes could obscure the ability to compare results in periods after the acquisition to results of periods prior to the acquisition as such trends are valuable to our investors' ability to assess the company's financial performance. a reconciliation of combined ratio to underlying combined ratio is set forth in the results of operations section within md&a - commercial lines and personal lines.
underwriting gain (loss)- the hartford's management evaluates profitability of the commercial and personal lines segments primarily on the basis of underwriting gain or loss. underwriting gain (loss) is a before tax non-gaap measure that represents earned premiums less incurred losses, loss adjustment expenses and underwriting expenses. net income (loss) is the most directly comparable gaap measure. underwriting gain (loss) is influenced significantly by earned premium growth and the adequacy of the hartford's pricing. underwriting profitability over time is also greatly influenced by the hartford's underwriting discipline, as management strives to manage exposure to loss through favorable risk selection and diversification, effective management of claims, use of reinsurance and its ability to manage its expenses. the hartford believes that the measure underwriting gain (loss) provides investors with a valuable measure of profitability, before tax, derived from underwriting activities, which are managed separately from the company's investing activities.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reconciliation of net income to underwriting gain (loss)
for the years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                 2020              2019
commercial lines net income                                                                 $1,757              $856            $1,192
adjustments to reconcile net income to underwriting gain (loss):
net servicing income                                                         (13)               (4)               (2)
net investment income                                                     (1,502)           (1,160)           (1,129)
net realized losses (gains)                                                 (260)                60             (271)
other expense                                                                  18                35                38
loss on reinsurance transaction                                                 -                 -                91
income tax expense                                                            402               176               270
underwriting gain (loss)                                                     $402             $(37)              $189
personal lines net income (loss)                                                            $385              $718              $318
adjustments to reconcile net income to underwriting gain (loss):
net servicing income                                                         (19)              (14)              (13)
net investment income                                                       (157)             (157)             (179)
net realized losses (gains)                                                  (29)                 5              (43)
other expense                                                                   -                 1                 1
income tax expense                                                             95               184                76
underwriting gain                                                            $275              $737              $160
p&amp;c other ops net income                                                                  $(95)            $(168)               $61
adjustments to reconcile net income to underwriting gain (loss):
net investment income                                                        (75)              (55)              (84)
net realized losses (gains)                                                  (13)                 1              (20)
other expense (income)                                                          1               (1)                 -
income tax expense (benefit)                                                 (28)              (46)                12
underwriting loss                                                          $(210)            $(269)             $(31)
written and earned premiums- written premium represents the amount of premiums charged for policies issued, net of reinsurance, during a fiscal period. premiums are considered earned and are included in the financial results on a pro rata basis over the policy period. management believes that written premium is a performance measure that is useful to investors as it reflects current trends in the company's sale of property and casualty insurance products. written and earned premium are recorded net of ceded reinsurance premium.
traditional life and disability insurance type products, such as those sold by group benefits, collect premiums from policyholders in exchange for financial protection for the policyholder from a specified insurable loss, such as death or disability. these premiums, together with net investment income earned, are used to pay the contractual obligations under these insurance contracts.
two major factors, new sales and persistency, impact premium growth. sales can increase or decrease in a given year based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, customer demand for the company's product offerings, pricing competition, distribution channels and the company's reputation and ratings. persistency refers to the percentage of premium remaining in-force from year-to-year.
the hartford's operations the hartford conducts business principally in five reporting segments including commercial lines, personal lines, property & casualty other operations, group benefits and hartford funds, as well as a corporate category. the company includes in the corporate category reserves for run-off structured settlement and terminal funding agreement liabilities, restructuring costs, capital raising activities (including equity financing, debt financing and related interest expense), transaction expenses incurred in connection with an acquisition, certain m&a costs, purchase accounting adjustments related to goodwill and other expenses not allocated to the reporting segments. corporate also includes investment management fees and expenses related to managing third party business, including management of a portion of the invested assets of talcott resolution life, inc. and its subsidiaries as well as
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations certain affiliates. in addition, up until june 30, 2021, corporate included a 9.7% ownership interest in hopmeadow holdings lp, the legal entity that acquired talcott resolution in may 2018 (hopmeadow holdings, lp, talcott resolution life inc., and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as "talcott resolution"). the sale of talcott resolution to a new investor was completed on june 30, 2021. the company received a total of $217 in connection with the sale of its 9.7% ownership interest, resulting in a realized gain of $46 before tax in 2021.
the company derives its revenues principally from: (a) premiums earned for insurance coverage provided to insureds; (b) management fees on mutual fund and etp assets; (c) net investment income; (d) fees earned for services provided to third parties; and (e) net realized gains and losses. premiums charged for insurance coverage are earned principally on a pro rata basis over the terms of the related policies in-force.
the profitability of the company's property and casualty insurance businesses over time is greatly influenced by the company's underwriting discipline, which seeks to manage exposure to loss through favorable risk selection and diversification, its management of claims, its use of reinsurance, the size of its in force block, actual mortality and morbidity experience, and its ability to manage its expense ratio which it accomplishes through economies of scale and its management of acquisition costs and other underwriting expenses. pricing adequacy depends on a number of factors, including the ability to obtain regulatory approval for rate changes, proper evaluation of underwriting risks, the ability to project future loss cost frequency and severity based on historical loss experience adjusted for known trends, the company's response to rate actions taken by competitors, its expense levels and expectations about regulatory and legal developments. the company seeks to price its insurance policies such that insurance premiums and future net investment income earned on premiums received will cover underwriting expenses and the ultimate cost of paying claims reported on the policies and provide for a profit margin. for many of its insurance products, the company is required to obtain approval for its premium rates from state insurance departments and the lloyd's syndicate's ability to write business is subject to lloyd's approval for its premium capacity each year. most of personal lines written premium is associated with our exclusive licensing agreement with aarp, which is effective through december 31, 2032. this agreement provides an important competitive advantage given the size of the 50 plus population and the strength of the aarp brand.
similar to property and casualty, profitability of the group benefits business depends, in large part, on the ability to evaluate and price risks appropriately and make reliable estimates of mortality, morbidity, disability and longevity. to manage the pricing risk, group benefits generally offers term insurance policies, allowing for the adjustment of rates or policy terms in order to minimize the adverse effect of market trends, loss costs, declining interest rates and other factors. however, as policies are typically sold with rate guarantees of up to three years, pricing for the company's products could prove to be inadequate if loss and expense trends emerge adversely during the rate guarantee period or if investment returns are lower than expected at the time the products were sold. for some of its products, the company is required to obtain approval for its premium rates from state insurance departments. new and renewal business for group benefits business, particularly for long-term disability, are priced using an assumption about expected investment yields over time. while the company employs asset-liability duration matching strategies to mitigate risk and may use interest-rate sensitive derivatives to hedge its exposure in the group benefits investment portfolio, cash flow patterns related to the payment of benefits and claims are uncertain and actual investment yields could differ significantly from expected investment yields, affecting profitability of the business. in addition to appropriately evaluating and pricing risks, the profitability of the group benefits business depends on other factors, including the company's response to pricing decisions and other actions taken by competitors, its ability to offer voluntary products and self-service capabilities, the persistency of its sold business and its ability to manage its expenses which it seeks to achieve through economies of scale and operating efficiencies.
the financial results of the company's mutual fund and etp businesses depend largely on the amount of assets under management and the level of fees charged based, in part, on asset share class and product type. changes in assets under management are driven by the two main factors of net flows and the market return of the funds, which are heavily influenced by the return realized in the equity and bond markets. net flows are comprised of new sales less redemptions by mutual fund and etp shareholders. financial results are highly correlated to the growth in assets under management since these products generally earn fee income on a daily basis.
the investment return, or yield, on invested assets is an important element of the company's earnings since insurance products are priced with the assumption that premiums received can be invested for a period of time before benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses are paid. due to the need to maintain sufficient liquidity to satisfy claim obligations, the majority of the company's invested assets have been held in available-for-sale securities, including, among other asset classes, corporate bonds, municipal bonds, government debt, short-term debt, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations. the primary investment objective for the company is to maximize economic value, consistent with acceptable risk parameters, including the management of credit risk and interest rate sensitivity of invested assets, while generating sufficient net of tax income to meet policyholder and corporate obligations. investment strategies are developed based on a variety of factors including business needs, regulatory requirements and tax considerations.
impact of covid-19 on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity impact to written and earned premiums despite the rollout of vaccines and states largely lifting restrictions allowing business to re-open, the covid-19 pandemic continues to pose a threat to the economic recovery of the u.s. and other countries in which we operate. as one of the largest providers of small business insurance in the u.s., we were negatively affected by economic effects of the pandemic on small businesses beginning in march of 2020. an
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations improvement in economic conditions in 2021 has contributed to an increase of 11% in our small commercial written premiums. our middle & large commercial business was also negatively affected by covid-19 and written premium has rebounded with an increase of 12% in 2021. overall, commercial lines written premium increased $1,072, or 12%, in 2021 with growth in workers' compensation, small commercial package business, general liability, u.s. wholesale, u.s. financial lines and global reinsurance.
personal lines written premium declined 1% in 2021 due to the effect of non-renewed premium exceeding new business, partially offset by the effect of premium credits given in the second quarter of 2020.
in group benefits, fully insured ongoing premium increased 4% in 2021, primarily due to higher in-force employer group disability premiums and higher supplemental health product premiums.
impact to direct benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses from covid-19 claims total pandemic-related losses were higher in 2021 compared to 2020 driven by higher excess mortality in our group life business and an increase in pandemic-related short-term disability claims, partially offset by a reduction of p&c covid-19 incurred losses.
for the year ended december 31,
2021          2020
excess mortality claims on group life                                                     $583              $239
covid-19 short-term disability claims [1]                                                   31               (9)
workers' compensation covid-19 claims                                                       20                66
global specialty financial lines and other                                                  11                71
commercial property                                                                          -               141
total direct covid-19 and excess mortality claims                                         $645              $508
[1]the year ended december 31, 2020 included both short-term disability and new york paid family leave claims related to covid-19 and lower incurred losses due to fewer elective procedures during the early stages of the pandemic more than offset direct covid-19 incurred losses.
excess mortality in the group life business includes both claims where covid-19 is specifically listed as the cause of death and indirect impacts of the pandemic such as causes of death due to patients deferring regular treatments of chronic conditions. the incidence of excess mortality claims is subject to significant uncertainty as it is dependent on a number of factors difficult to predict including, among others, the ultimate vaccination rate of the population, the potential spread of new covid-19 variants, the effectiveness of the vaccines against new variants, the effectiveness of other treatments to prevent serious illness and death, the percentage of those infected who are of working age and the strain on the health care system preventing timely treatment of chronic illnesses.
within p&c, direct covid-19 incurred losses in 2021 were predominantly on workers' compensation claims incurred in the first quarter. we incur covid-19 workers' compensation losses when it is determined that workers were exposed to covid-19 out of and in the course of their employment and in other cases where states have passed laws providing for the presumption of coverage for certain industry classes, including health care and other essential workers.
apart from covid-19 workers' compensation claims, net of favorable frequency, and incurred losses within financial lines, p&c covid-19 incurred losses in 2020 primarily included $141 for property claims. there were no covid-19 p&c property losses incurred in 2021. nearly all of our property insurance policies require direct physical loss or damage to property and contain standard exclusions that we believe preclude coverage for covid-19 related claims, and the vast majority of such policies contain exclusions for virus-related losses.
other impacts from covid-19
in personal lines automobile, miles driven and average claim severity increased in 2021, which has increased automobile loss costs. in addition, as the effects of favorable claim frequency from lower miles driven during the pandemic have been factored into rates, we have experienced lower earned pricing increases resulting in a higher automobile loss ratio in 2021 than in 2020. refer to personal lines results of operations for discussion of pricing and loss cost trends for the year ended december 31, 2021.
as we emerge from the pandemic, inflationary pressures in the economy have resulted in increased claim severity in 2021 in automobile and property lines of business in both commercial lines and personal lines. as expectations of inflationary pressures have increased, interest rates rose in 2021 and higher interest rates reduce the fair value of our investments in fixed maturity securities, available for sale ("afs").
aided by some improvement in the economy and the effect of the government's economic stimulus payments to our customers, in 2021, we recorded a decrease of $47 in the allowance for credit losses ("acl") on premiums receivable, reflecting a lower expectation of credit losses, though there remains an elevated risk of uncollectible premiums receivable relative to historical trends if economic conditions do not improve further.
as we emerge from the pandemic, we expect travel costs and certain employee benefits costs will increase relative to the lower level of those costs we have incurred in 2020 and 2021.
for information about resources the company has to manage capital and liquidity, refer to the capital resources & liquidity section of md&a.
for additional information about the potential economic impacts to the company of the covid-19 pandemic, see the risk factor "the pandemic caused by the spread of covid-19 has disrupted our operations and may have a material adverse
46
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations impact on our business results, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity" in item 1a of part i.
operational transformation and cost reduction plan in recognition of the need to become more cost efficient and competitive along with enhancing the experience we provide to agents and customers, on july 30, 2020, the company announced an operational transformation and cost reduction plan it refers to as hartford next.through reduction of its headcount, it investments to further enhance our capabilities, and other activities, relative to 2019, the company expects to achieve a reduction in annual insurance operating costs and other expenses of approximately $540 by 2022 and $625 by 2023.
to achieve those expected savings, we expect to incur approximately $401 over the course of the program, with $217
expensed cumulatively through december 31, 2021, and expected expenses of $89 in 2022, $38 in 2023 and $57 after 2023, with the expenses after 2023 consisting mostly of amortization of internal use software and capitalized real estate costs. included in the estimated costs of $401, we expect to incur restructuring costs of approximately $130, including $48 of employee severance, and approximately $82 of other costs, including consulting expenses, lease termination expenses and the cost to retire certain it applications. restructuring costs are reported as a charge to net income but not in core earnings.
the following table presents hartford next program costs incurred, including restructuring costs, and expense savings relative to 2019 realized in 2021 and expected annual costs and expense savings relative to 2019 for the full year in 2022 and 2023:
hartford next costs and expense savings
2020             2021       estimate for 2022   estimate for 2023
employee severance                                                                   $73            $(25)                   $-           $-
it costs to retire applications                                                        2                9                   10           -
professional fees and other expenses                                                  29               17                   15           -
estimated restructuring costs                                                        104                1                   25           -
non-capitalized it costs                                                              30               46                   45                      22
other costs                                                                           19               17                   14                       6
amortization of capitalized it development costs [1]                                   -                -                    4                       9
amortization of capitalized real estate [2]                                            -                -                    1                       1
estimated costs within core earnings                                                  49                                                            38
total hartford next program costs                                                    153               64                   89                      38
cumulative savings relative to 2019 beginning july 1, 2020                         (106)            (423)                (540)           (625)
net expense (savings) before tax                                                     $47           $(359)               $(451)           $(587)
net expense (savings) before tax:
to be accounted for within core earnings                                           $(57)           $(360)               $(476)           $(587)
restructuring costs recognized outside of core earnings                              104                1                   25           -
net expense (savings) before tax                                                     $47           $(359)               $(451)           $(587)
[1]does not include approximately $34 of it asset amortization after 2023.
[2]does not include approximately $19 of real estate amortization after 2023.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2021 financial highlights net income available to common stockholders        net income available to common stockholders per diluted share        book value per diluted share ý        increased $628 or 37%                                                                                             ý        increased $1.86 or 39%                                                                                                                                                                                                     ý                                                                                increased $0.97 or 1.9%
+        a change from net realized losses in the 2020 period to gains in the 2021 period                                  +        increase in net income available to common stockholders                                                                                                                                                                    +                                                                                net income in excess of common stockholder dividends and share repurchases
+        increase in net investment income                                                                                 +        share repurchases                                                                                                                                                                                                          +                                                                                decrease in dilutive shares from the prior year
+        decrease in p&amp;c covid-19 incurred losses                                                                      -        increase in dilutive shares under stock-based compensation largely due to an increase in the quarterly average stock price
+        higher earned premiums in commercial lines and a lower p&amp;c underlying loss ratio before covid-19                                                                                            -                                                                    decrease in common stockholders' equity largely due to decrease in aoci, driven by a decline in net unrealized gains on available for sale securities
+        lower restructuring costs
+        increase in earnings from hartford funds
-        higher excess mortality losses in group life and covid-19 losses in group disability
-        a change from net favorable to net unfavorable p&amp;c prior accident year reserve development
-        higher current accident year catastrophes
-        an increase in personal automobile claim frequency and severity
-        lower income from the former talcott resolution investment investment yield, after tax         property &amp; casualty combined ratio       group benefits net income margin ý        increased 50 bps                                                                          þ        improved 0.1 points                                                                                                                    þ        decreased 2.5 points
+        greater returns on limited partnerships and other alternative investments                 +        decrease in covid-19 incurred losses                                                                                                   -        higher excess mortality in group life
-        lower reinvestment rates and lower yield on variable rate securities                      +        lower current accident year loss ratio before covid-19 in global specialty and workers' compensation                                   -        a higher group disability loss ratio primarily due to higher short-term and long-term disability claim incidence
-        a change to unfavorable prior accident year reserve development                                                                        -        a higher expense ratio
+                                                        higher net investment income
-        higher current accident year catastrophes                                                                                              +        greater net realized gains
-        higher personal automobile claim frequency and severity
-        an increase in underwriting expenses
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated results of operations the consolidated results of operations should be read in conjunction with the company's consolidated financial statements and the related notes as well as with the segment operating results sections of the md&a.
consolidated results of operations
2021                                                                              2020            2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
earned premiums                                            $17,999         $17,288         $16,923                                 4              %                             2              %
fee income                                                   1,488           1,277           1,301                                17              %                            (2             %)
net investment income                                        2,313           1,846           1,951                                25              %                            (5             %)
net realized gains (losses)                                    509            (14)             395                                               nm                          (104             %)
other revenues                                                  81             126             170                               (36             %)                           (26             %)
total revenues                                              22,390          20,523          20,740                                 9              %                            (1             %)
benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses               12,729          11,805          11,472                                 8              %                             3              %
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs            1,680           1,706           1,622                                (2             %)                             5              %
insurance operating costs and other expenses                 4,779           4,480           4,580                                 7              %                            (2             %)
loss on extinguishment of debt                                   -               -              90                                 -              %                          (100             %)
loss on reinsurance transactions                                 -               -              91                                 -              %                          (100             %)
interest expense                                               234             236             259                                (1             %)                            (9             %)
amortization of other intangible assets                         71              72              66                                (1             %)                             9              %
restructuring and other costs                                    1             104               -                               (99             %)                                           nm total benefits, losses and expenses                         19,494          18,403          18,180                                 6              %                             1              %
income before income taxes                                   2,896           2,120           2,560                                37              %                           (17             %)
income tax expense                                             531             383             475                                39              %                           (19             %)
net income                                                   2,365           1,737           2,085                                                %                           (17             %)
preferred stock dividends                                       21              21              21                                 -              %                             -              %
net income available to common stockholders                 $2,344          $1,716          $2,064                                                %                           (17             %)
year ended december 31, 2021 compared to year ended december 31, 2020
net income available to common stockholders increased by $628 primarily driven by:
•a $523 before tax change from net realized losses in 2020 to net realized gains in 2021, primarily driven by changes in valuation and sales of equity securities from losses in the 2020 period to gains in the 2021 period;
•an increase in net investment income of $467 before tax driven by higher returns on limited partnerships and other alternative investments;
• a $103 before tax decrease in restructuring costs related to the hartford next operational transformation and cost reduction plan;
•an increase in earnings from hartford funds; and
•an increase in p&c underwriting results of $36 before tax, with a reduction in covid-19 incurred losses, a lower commercial lines underlying loss and loss adjustment expense ratio before covid-19 and the effect of earned premium growth largely offset by a change to net unfavorable prior accident year reserve development, higher personal automobile loss costs and higher underwriting expenses.
these increases were partially offset by:
•a $384 before tax increase in excess mortality claims and covid-19 related impacts to short-term-disability losses; and
•lower income from the talcott resolution investment, which was divested on june 30, 2021.
for a discussion of the company's operating results by segment, see md&a - segment operating summaries. in addition, for further discussion of impacts resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, refer to the impact of covid-19 on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity section of this md&a.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations revenue earned premiums
[1]for the years ended 2020 and 2019, the total includes $9, and $10 respectively, recorded in corporate other revenue.
earned premiums increased primarily due to:
•an increase in p&c reflecting a 7% increase in commercial lines and a 2% decrease in personal lines. contributing to the increase in commercial lines was the effect of higher audit and endorsement premiums as the result of higher insured exposures given the economic recovery in 2021. for personal lines, the effect of non-renewals outpacing new business was partially offset by the effect of $81 in covid-related premium credits in the 2020 period; and
•an increase in group benefits earned premium of 3% year over year due to an increase in group disability and higher supplemental health product premiums, partially offset by the effect of buyout premium in the 2020 period.
fee income increased, largely driven by hartford funds as a result of higher daily average assets under management due to an increase in equity market levels and net inflows.
other revenues decreased by $45, primarily driven by lower income of $53 before tax from the talcott resolution investment, which was divested on june 30, 2021.
net investment income increased primarily due to:
•greater income from limited partnerships and other alternative investments primarily driven by higher valuations and cash distributions within private equity funds and sales of underlying investments within real estate funds;
•a higher level of invested assets;
net investment income
•greater income from non-routine income items, including yield adjustments on prepayable securities; and
•higher yield from equity investments.
these increases were partially offset by:
•a lower yield on fixed maturity investments resulting from reinvesting at lower rates and a lower yield on floating rate investments.
net realized gains (losses) changed from net losses in the 2020 period to net gains in the 2021 period, primarily driven by:
•gains on equity securities in the 2021 period driven by appreciation in value compared to losses on equity securities in the 2020 period, partially offset by net realized gains in the 2020 period upon termination of derivatives used to hedge against a decline in equity market levels;
•a net reduction in acl on mortgage loans and fixed maturities in the 2021 period due to an improved economic outlook, compared to increases in the acl on mortgage loans and fixed maturities in the 2020 period;
•a $46 before tax net realized gain in 2021 resulting from sale of the company's 9.7% previously owned interest in talcott resolution;
•a lower level of losses in 2021 than in 2020 related to the sale of the continental europe operations; and
•higher net realized gains on sales of fixed maturity securities.
for further discussion of investment results, see md&a - investment results, net realized gains and md&a - investment results, net investment income.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations benefits, losses and expenses p&c losses and lae incurred benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses increased due to:
•an increase in incurred losses for property & casualty of $457 which was driven by:
•an unfavorable change of $335 in p&c net prior accident year reserve development. prior accident year reserve development in the 2021 period was a net unfavorable $199 before tax, driven by reserve increases for sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims, primarily to reflect claims made against the boy scouts of america ("bsa"), partially offset by reserve decreases in workers' compensation, catastrophes, package business, personal automobile, commercial property, and bond. prior accident year development in the 2021 period also included adverse reserve development ceded to nico under an adverse development cover ("adc") of $155 before tax for a&e reserves and $91 before tax for navigators reserves related to 2018 and prior accident years, both of which the company recognized a deferred gain under retroactive reinsurance accounting. prior accident year reserve development in 2020 was a favorable $136 before tax, driven by $529 of reserve reductions related to catastrophes, including decreases in estimated losses arising from wind and hail events in 2017, 2018 and 2019 and from the 2017 and 2018 california wildfires, including a $289 before tax subrogation benefit from pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company (together, "pg&e"). reserve development in 2020 also included a $254 before tax reserve increase for sexual molestation and abuse claims, a $208 before tax increase in a&e reserves and a $102 before tax of adverse development for navigators related to 2018 and prior accident years. while $220 of a&e and $102 of navigators' reserve development in 2020 has been economically ceded to group benefits losses and lae incurred nico, the company recognized a $312 deferred gain under retroactive reinsurance accounting with $10 of the $220 ceded a&e losses recognized as a benefit to income in 2020. for further discussion, see note 12 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements;
•an increase in current accident year catastrophe losses of $58, before tax. catastrophe losses in the 2021 period were principally from hurricane ida and february winter storms, as well as from tornado, wind and hail events in texas, the midwest and southeast. catastrophe losses in 2020 were primarily from civil unrest, a number of hurricanes and tropical storms, pacific coast wildfires and northeast windstorms as well as tornado, wind and hail events in the south, midwest and central plains; and
•an increase in p&c current accident year ("cay") loss and loss adjustment expenses before catastrophes primarily due to the effect of higher earned premiums in commercial lines, higher personal automobile claim frequency and severity, and higher non-catastrophe property losses partially offset by a $247 before tax decrease in covid-19 incurred losses and lower current accident year loss ratios before covid-19 in global specialty, workers' compensation and general liability.
•an increase in group benefits of $475 primarily driven by a $344 before tax increase in excess mortality claims in group life, the effect of an increase in earned premiums and higher short-term and long-term disability claim incidence especially compared to the favorable incidence levels experienced during the early stages of the pandemic. the increased claim incidence was partially offset by a higher
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations favorable new york paid family leave adjustment recognized in the 2021 period.
for further discussion of impacts resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, refer to the impact of covid-19 on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity section of this md&a.
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs decreased from the prior year period driven, in part, by a decrease in personal lines due to lower earned premiums.
insurance operating costs and other expenses increased due to:
•higher variable costs of the hartford funds business due to higher daily average assets under management;
•higher variable incentive compensation costs;
•an increase in supplemental and contingent commissions;
•increased costs in group benefits to handle elevated claim levels resulting from the pandemic, higher technology costs and increased aarp direct marketing costs in personal lines; and
•legal and consulting costs associated with the unsolicited proposals from chubb limited ("chubb") to acquire the company.
these increases were partially offset by:
•lower staffing and other costs driven by the company's hartford next operational transformation and cost reduction plan; and
•a decrease in the acl on uncollectible premiums receivable in property & casualty and group benefits in the 2021 period compared to an increase in the 2020 period due to the economic impacts of covid-19.
restructuring and other costs decreased as the prior year period included severance costs related to the company's hartford next operational transformation and cost reduction plan. for further discussion of impacts resulting from the hartford next initiative, see md&a - the hartford's operations, the hartford's operations, operational transformation and cost reduction plan and note 23 - restructuring and other costs of notes to consolidated financial statements.
income tax expense increased primarily due to an increase in income before tax.
for further discussion of income taxes, see note 17 - income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements.
investment results composition of invested assets december 31, 2021                           december 31, 2020
amount        percent                       amount        percent fixed maturities, available-for-sale ("afs"), at fair value         $42,847           74.2    %                 $45,035           79.7    %
equity securities, at fair value                                      2,094            3.6    %                   1,438            2.5    %
mortgage loans (net of acl of $29 and $38)                            5,383            9.3    %                   4,493            7.9    %
limited partnerships and other alternative investments                3,353            5.8    %                   2,082            3.7    %
other investments [1]                                                   375            0.7    %                     201            0.4    %
short-term investments                                                3,697            6.4    %                   3,283            5.8    %
total investments                                                   $57,749          100.0    %                 $56,532          100.0    %
[1] primarily consists of fixed maturities, at fair value using the fair value option ("fvo"), equity fund investments, overseas deposits, consolidated investment funds and derivative instruments which are carried at fair value.
december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020
total investments increased primarily due to an increase in limited partnerships and other alternative investments, mortgage loans, and equity securities, partially offset by a decrease in fixed maturities, afs.
limited partnerships and other alternative investments increased primarily driven by increased valuations and additional investments in real estate joint ventures.
mortgage loans increased largely due to funding of industrial, multifamily, and retail commercial whole loans.
equity securities increased due to net purchases and appreciation in value due to higher equity market levels.
fixed maturities, afs decreased primarily due to a decrease in valuations due to higher interest rates, partially offset by tighter credit spreads. the decline was also due to the reinvestment into other asset classes.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations net investment income for the years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                                                          2020                                           2019
(before tax)                                                                                               amount         yield [1]                       amount         yield [1]                       amount         yield [1]
fixed maturities [2]                                                                                  $1,349              3.1     %                  $1,442              3.4     %                  $1,559              3.8     %
equity securities                                                                                         73              4.9     %                      39              3.7     %                      46              3.4     %
mortgage loans                                                                                           181              3.7     %                     172              3.9     %                     165              4.4     %
limited partnerships and other alternative investments                                                   732             31.8     %                     222             12.3     %                     232             14.4     %
other [3]                                                                                                 58                                             42                                             32
investment expense                                                                                      (80)                                           (71)                                           (83)
total net investment income                                                                           $2,313              4.3     %                  $1,846              3.6     %                  $1,951              4.1     %
total net investment income excluding limited partnerships and other alternative investments          $1,581              3.1     %                  $1,624              3.3     %                  $1,719              3.7     %
[1]yields calculated using annualized net investment income divided by the monthly average invested assets at amortized cost, as applicable, excluding repurchase agreement and securities lending collateral, if any, and derivatives book value.
[2]includes net investment income on short-term investments.
[3]primarily includes changes in fair value of certain equity fund investments and income from derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting and are used to hedge fixed maturities.
year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
total net investment income increased primarily due to:
•greater income from limited partnerships and other alternative investments primarily driven by higher valuations and cash distributions within private equity funds and sales of underlying investments within real estate funds;
•a higher level of invested assets;
•greater income from non-routine items, including yield adjustments on prepayable securities; and
•a higher yield from equity investments.
these increases were partially offset by a lower yield on fixed maturities resulting from reinvesting at lower rates and a lower yield on floating rate investments.
annualized net investment income yield, excluding limited partnerships and other alternative investments, was down primarily due to lower reinvestment rates, partially offset by greater income from non-routine income items and a higher yield on equity securities.
average reinvestment rate, on fixed maturities and mortgage loans, excluding certain u.s. treasury securities, for the year-ended december 31, 2021, was 2.6% which was below the average yield of sales and maturities of 3.0% for the same period. average reinvestment rate for the year-ended december 31, 2020, was 2.5% which was below the average yield of sales and maturities of 3.4%.
for the 2022 calendar year, we expect the annualized net investment income yield, excluding limited partnerships and other alternative investments, to be lower than the portfolio yield earned in 2021 due to lower reinvestment rates. the estimated impact on annualized net investment income yield is subject to variability due to evolving market conditions, active portfolio management, and the level of non-routine income items, such as make-whole payments, prepayment penalties on mortgage loans and yield adjustments on prepayable securities.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations net realized gains (losses)
for the years ended december 31,
(before tax)                                                                                2021              2020              2019
gross gains on sales of fixed maturities                                              $319              $255              $234
gross losses on sales of fixed maturities                                             (89)              (50)              (56)
equity securities [1]                                                                  227             (214)               254
net credit losses on fixed maturities, afs [2]                                           4              (28)
change in acl on mortgage loans [3]                                                      9              (19)
intent-to-sell impairments [2]                                                           -               (5)                 -
net other-than-temporary impairment ("otti") losses recognized in earnings                                                 (3)
valuation allowances on mortgage loans                                                                                       1
other, net [4]                                                                          39                47              (35)
net realized gains (losses)                                                           $509             $(14)              $395
[1]the net unrealized gains on equity securities still held as of the end of the period and included in net realized gains (losses) were $155, $53, and $164 for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
[2]due to the adoption of accounting guidance for credit losses on january 1, 2020, realized losses previously reported as otti are now presented as credit losses which are net of any recoveries. for further information refer to note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies. in addition, see credit losses on fixed maturities, afs and intent-to-sell impairments within the investment portfolio risks and risk management section of the md&a.
[3]represents the change in acl recorded during the period following the adoption of accounting guidance for credit losses on january 1, 2020. for further information refer to note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies. in addition, see acl on mortgage loans within the investment portfolio risks and risk management section of the md&a.
[4]includes gains (losses) on non-qualifying derivatives for 2021, 2020, and 2019 of $12, $104, and $(24), respectively, gains (losses) from transactional foreign currency revaluation of $(1), $(1) and (9), respectively, and a loss of $21 and $48, respectively, on the sale of continental europe operations for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020. for the year-ended december 31, 2021, there was also a gain of $46 on the sale of the company's previously owned interest in talcott resolution.
year ended december 31, 2021
gross gains and losses on sales were primarily due to net sales of corporate securities and tax-exempt municipals, in addition to sales of u.s. treasuries for duration and risk management.
equity securities net gains were primarily driven by appreciation in value due to higher equity market levels and gains realized on exit of private equity direct investments.
other, net gains and losses included a gain of $46 on the sale of the company's 9.7% retained interest in talcott resolution, sold on june 30, 2021, and a loss of $21 related to the sale of the company's continental europe operations, which was completed on december 29, 2021. also included were gains of $7 on credit derivatives driven by a decrease in credit spreads.
year ended december 31, 2020
gross gains and losses on sales were primarily driven by issuer-specific sales of corporate securities and tax-exempt municipal bonds, rebalancing within the foreign government sector, and sales of u.s. treasury securities for duration and/or liquidity management.
equity securities net losses were driven by mark-to-market losses due to the decline in equity market levels in the first quarter and losses incurred on sales across multiple issuers as the company reduced its exposure to equity securities, partially offset by mark-to-market gains on certain preferred equities.
other, net gains are primarily due to $75 of realized gains on terminated derivatives used to hedge against a decline in equity market levels and $21 of gains on interest rate derivatives due to a decline in interest rates. these gains were partially offset by a loss of $48, before tax, on the sale of the company's continental europe operations which the company agreed to sell in september of 2020.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. actual results could differ, and in the past have differed, from those estimates.
the company has identified the following estimates as critical in that they involve a higher degree of judgment and are subject to a significant degree of variability:
•property and casualty insurance product reserves, net of reinsurance;
•group benefit ltd reserves, net of reinsurance;
•evaluation of goodwill for impairment;
•valuation of investments and derivative instruments including evaluation of credit losses on fixed maturities, afs and acl on mortgage loans; and
•contingencies relating to corporate litigation and regulatory matters.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in developing these estimates management makes subjective and complex judgments that are inherently uncertain and subject to material change as facts and circumstances develop. although variability is inherent in these estimates, management believes the amounts provided are appropriate based upon the facts available upon compilation of the financial statements. certain of these estimates are particularly sensitive to market conditions, and deterioration and/or volatility in the worldwide debt or equity markets could have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
|property & casualty insurance product reserves, net of reinsurance p&c loss and loss adjustment expense reserves, net of reinsurance, by segment as of december 31, 2021
loss and lae reserves, net of reinsurance as of december 31, 2021
commercial lines   personal lines       property &amp; casualtyother operations                      total property &amp;casualty insurance       % total reserves-net workers' compensation                           $11,259           $-                   $-                                                                           $11,259                                     44.4%
general liability                                 4,960           -                    -                                                                              4,960                                     19.5%
marine                                              303           -                    -                                                                                303                                      1.2%
package business [1]                              1,924           -                    -                                                                              1,924                                      7.6%
commercial property                                 530           -                    -                                                                                530                                      2.1%
automobile liability                              1,175           1,390                -                                                                              2,565                                     10.1%
automobile physical damage                           14                    40          -                                                                                 54                                      0.2%
professional liability                            1,261           -                    -                                                                              1,261                                      5.0%
bond                                                434           -                    -                                                                                434                                      1.7%
homeowners                                            -                   364          -                                                                                364                                      1.4%
asbestos and environmental                          110                    10                                    604                                                    724                                      2.9%
assumed reinsurance                                 285           -                                               96                                                    381                                      1.5%
all other                                           171                     3                                    435                                                    609                                      2.4%
total reserves-net                               22,426           1,807                1,135                                                                         25,368                                    100.0%
reinsurance and other recoverables                4,480                    37          1,564                                                                          6,081
total reserves-gross                            $26,906           $1,844               $2,699                                                                       $31,449
[1]commercial lines policy packages that include property and general liability coverages are generally referred to as the package line of business.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for descriptions of the coverages provided under the lines of business shown above, see part i - item1, business.
overview of reserving for property and casualty insurance claims it typically takes many months or years to pay claims incurred under a property and casualty insurance product; accordingly, the company must establish reserves at the time the loss is incurred. most of the company's policies provide for occurrence-based coverage where the loss is incurred when a claim event happens like an automobile accident, house or building fire or injury to an employee under a workers' compensation policy. some of the company's policies, mostly for directors and officers insurance and errors and omissions insurance, are claims-made policies where the loss is incurred in the period the claim event is reported to the company even if the loss event itself occurred in an earlier period.
loss and loss adjustment expense reserves provide for the estimated ultimate costs of paying claims under insurance policies written by the company, less amounts paid to date. these reserves include estimates for both claims that have been reported and those that have not yet been reported, and include estimates of all expenses associated with processing and settling these claims. case reserves are established by a claims handler on each individual claim and are adjusted as new information becomes known during the course of handling the claim. incurred but not reported ("ibnr") reserves represent the difference between the estimated ultimate cost of all claims and the actual loss and loss adjustment expenses reported to the company by claimants ("reported losses"). reported losses represent cumulative loss and loss adjustment expenses paid plus case reserves for outstanding reported claims. for most lines, company actuaries evaluate the total reserves (ibnr and case reserves) on an accident year basis. an accident year is the calendar year in which a loss is incurred, or, in the case of claims-made policies, the calendar year in which a loss is reported. for certain lines acquired from the navigators group book of business, total reserves are evaluated on a policy year basis and then converted to accident year. a policy year is the calendar year in which a policy incepts.
factors that change reserve estimates- reserve estimates can change over time because of unexpected changes in the external environment. inflation in claim costs, such as with medical care, hospital care, automobile parts, wages and home and building repair, would cause claims to settle for more than they are initially reserved. changes in the economy can cause an increase or decrease in the number of reported claims (claim frequency). for example, an improving economy could result in more automobile miles driven and a higher number of automobile reported claims, or a change in economic conditions can lead to more or less workers' compensation reported claims. an increase in the number or percentage of claims litigated can increase the average settlement amount per claim (claim severity). changes in the judicial environment can affect interpretations of damages and how policy coverage applies which could increase or decrease claim severity. over time, judges or juries in certain jurisdictions may be more inclined to determine liability and award damages. new legislation can also change how damages are defined or change the statutes of limitations for the filing of civil suits, resulting in greater claim frequency or severity. in addition, new types of injuries may arise from exposures not contemplated when the policies were written. past examples include pharmaceutical products, silica, lead paint, sexual molestation and sexual abuse and construction defects.
reserve estimates can also change over time because of changes in internal company operations. a delay or acceleration in handling claims may signal a need to increase or reduce reserves from what was initially estimated. new lines of business may have loss development patterns that are not well established. changes in the geographic mix of business, changes in the mix of business by industry and changes in the mix of business by policy limit or deductible can increase the risk that losses will ultimately develop differently than the loss development patterns assumed in our reserving. in addition, changes in the quality of risk selection in underwriting and changes in interpretations of policy language could increase or decrease ultimate losses from what was assumed in establishing the reserves.
in the case of assumed reinsurance, all of the above risks apply. the company assumes property and casualty risks from other insurance companies as part of its global re business acquired from navigators group and from certain pools and associations. global re, which is a part of the global specialty business, mostly assumes property, casualty and specialty risks. changes in the case reserving and reporting patterns of insurance companies ceding to the hartford can create additional uncertainty in estimating the reserves. due to the inherent complexity of the assumptions used, final claim settlements may vary significantly from the present estimates of direct and assumed reserves, particularly when those settlements may not occur until well into the future.
reinsurance recoverables- through both facultative and treaty reinsurance agreements, the company cedes a share of the risks it has underwritten to other insurance companies. the company records reinsurance recoverables for losses and loss adjustment expenses ceded to its reinsurers representing the anticipated recovery from reinsurers of unpaid claims, including ibnr.
the company estimates the portion of losses and loss adjustment expenses to be ceded based on the terms of any applicable facultative and treaty reinsurance, including an estimate of ibnr for losses that will ultimately be ceded.
the company provides an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, reflecting management's best estimate of reinsurance cessions that may be uncollectible in the future due to reinsurers' unwillingness or inability to pay. the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance comprises an acl and an allowance for disputed balances. the acl primarily considers the credit quality of the company's reinsurers while the allowance for disputes considers recent outcomes in arbitration and litigation in disputes between reinsurers and cedants and recent commutation activity between reinsurers and cedants that may signal how the company's own reinsurance claims may settle. where its reinsurance contracts permit, the company secures funding of future claim obligations with various forms of collateral, including irrevocable letters of credit, secured trusts, funds held accounts and group-wide offsets. the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance was $96 as of december 31, 2021, comprised of $42 related to commercial lines, $1 related to
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations personal lines and $53 related to property & casualty other operations.
the company's estimate of reinsurance recoverables, net of an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, is subject to similar risks and uncertainties as the estimate of the gross reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for direct and assumed exposures.
review of reserve adequacy- the hartford regularly reviews the appropriateness of reserve levels at the line of business or more detailed level, taking into consideration the variety of trends that impact the ultimate settlement of claims. for property & casualty other operations, asbestos and environmental ("run-off a&e") reserves are reviewed by type of event rather than by line of business.
reserve adjustments, which may be material, are reflected in the operating results of the period in which the adjustment is determined to be necessary. in the judgment of management, information currently available has been properly considered in establishing the reserves for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and in recording the reinsurance recoverables for ceded unpaid losses.
reserving methodology the following is a discussion of the reserving methods used for the company's property and casualty lines of business other than asbestos and environmental.
reserves are set by line of business within the operating segments. a single line of business may be written in more than one segment. lines of business for which reported losses emerge over a long period of time are referred to as long-tail lines of business. lines of business for which reported losses emerge more quickly are referred to as short-tail lines of business. the company's shortest-tail lines of business are homeowners, commercial property, marine and automobile physical damage. the longest tail lines of business include workers' compensation, general liability, professional liability and assumed reinsurance. for short-tail lines of business, emergence of paid losses and case reserves is credible and likely indicative of ultimate losses. for long-tail lines of business, emergence of paid losses and case reserves is less credible in the early periods after a given accident year and, accordingly, may not be indicative of ultimate losses.
use of actuarial methods and judgments- the company's reserving actuaries regularly review reserves for both current and prior accident years using the most current claim data. a variety of actuarial methods and judgments are used for most lines of business to arrive at selections of estimated ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses. new methods may be added for specific lines over time to inform these selections where appropriate. the reserve selections incorporate input, as appropriate, from claims personnel, pricing actuaries and operating management about reported loss cost trends and other factors that could affect the reserve estimates. most reserves are reviewed fully each quarter, including loss and loss adjustment expense reserves for homeowners, commercial property, marine property, automobile physical damage, automobile liability, package property business, and workers' compensation. other reserves, including most general liability and professional liability lines, are reviewed semi-annually. certain additional reserves are also reviewed semi-
annually or annually, including reserves for losses incurred in accident years older than twelve years for personal lines and older than twenty years for commercial lines, as well as reserves for bond, assumed reinsurance, latent exposures such as construction defects, and unallocated loss adjustment expenses. for reserves that are reviewed semi-annually or annually, management monitors the emergence of paid and reported losses in the intervening quarters and, if necessary, performs a reserve review to determine whether the reserve estimate should change.
an expected loss ratio is used in initially recording the reserves for both short-tail and long-tail lines of business. this expected loss ratio is determined by starting with the average loss ratio of recent prior accident years and adjusting that ratio for the effect of expected changes to earned pricing, loss frequency and severity, mix of business, ceded reinsurance and other factors. for short-tail lines, ibnr for the current accident year is initially recorded as the product of the expected loss ratio for the period, earned premium for the period and the proportion of losses expected to be reported in future calendar periods for the current accident period. for long-tailed lines, ibnr reserves for the current accident year are initially recorded as the product of the expected loss ratio for the period and the earned premium for the period, less reported losses for the period.
as losses emerge or develop in periods subsequent to a given accident year, reserving actuaries use other methods to estimate ultimate unpaid losses in addition to the expected loss ratio method. these primarily include paid and reported loss development methods, frequency/severity techniques and the bornhuetter-ferguson method (a combination of the expected loss ratio and paid development or reported development method). within any one line of business, the methods that are given more influence vary based primarily on the maturity of the accident year, the mix of business and the particular internal and external influences impacting the claims experience or the methods. the output of the reserve reviews are reserve estimates representing a range of actuarial indications.
reserve discounting- most of the company's property and casualty insurance product reserves are not discounted. however, the company has discounted liabilities funded through structured settlements and has discounted a portion of workers' compensation reserves that have a fixed and determinable payment stream. for further discussion of these discounted liabilities, see note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements.
differences between gaap and statutory basis reserves- as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, u.s. property and casualty insurance product reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance recoverables, reported under u.s. gaap were lower than net reserves reported on a statutory basis, primarily due to reinsurance recoverables on two ceded retroactive reinsurance agreements that are recorded as a reduction of other liabilities under statutory accounting. one of the retroactive reinsurance agreements covers substantially all adverse development on asbestos and environmental reserves subsequent to 2016, up to a $1.5 billion limit, and the other covered adverse development on navigators insurers' existing net loss and allocated loss adjustment reserves as of december 31, 2018, up to a $300 limit. under both agreements,
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the company cedes to nico, a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway inc. ("berkshire").
reserving methods by line of business- apart from run-off a&e which is discussed in the following section on property & casualty other operations, below is a general discussion of which reserving methods are preferred by line of business. because the actuarial estimates are generated at a much finer level of detail than line of business (e.g., by distribution channel, coverage, accident period), other methods than those described for the line of business may also be employed for a coverage and accident year within a line of business. also, as circumstances change, the methods that are given more influence will change.
preferred reserving methods by line of business commercial property, homeowners and automobile physical damage             these short-tailed lines are fast-developing and paid and reported development techniques are used as these methods use historical data to develop paid and reported loss development patterns, which are then applied to cumulative paid and reported losses by accident period to estimate ultimate losses. in addition to paid and reported development methods, for the most immature accident months, the company uses frequency and severity techniques and the initial expected loss ratio. the advantage of frequency/severity techniques is that frequency estimates are generally easier to predict and external information can be used to supplement internal data in estimating average severity.
personal automobile liability                                              for personal automobile liability, and bodily injury in particular, in addition to traditional paid and reported development methods, the company relies on frequency/severity techniques and berquist-sherman techniques. because the paid development technique is affected by changes in claim closure patterns and the reported development method is affected by changes in case reserving practices, the company reviews and often relies on berquist-sherman techniques which adjust these patterns to reflect current settlement rates and case reserving practices. the company generally uses the reported development method for older accident years and a combination of reported development, frequency/severity and berquist-sherman methods for more recent accident years. for older accident periods, reported losses are a good indicator of ultimate losses given the high percentage of ultimate losses reported to date. for more recent periods, the frequency/severity techniques are not affected as much by changes in case reserve practices and changing disposal rates and the berquist-sherman techniques specifically adjust for these changes.
commercial automobile liability                                            the company performs a variety of techniques, including the paid and reported development methods and frequency/severity techniques. for older, more mature accident years, the company primarily uses reported development techniques. for more recent accident years, the company relies on several methods that incorporate expected loss ratios, reported loss development, paid loss development, frequency/severity, case reserve adequacy, and claim settlement rates.
professional liability                                                     reported and paid loss development patterns for this line tend to be volatile. therefore, the company typically supplements the expected loss ratio method and paid and reported development methods with others such as individual claim reviews and frequency and severity techniques.
general liability, bond and large deductible workers' compensation         for these long-tailed lines of business, the company generally relies on the expected loss ratio and reported development techniques. the company generally weights these techniques together, relying more heavily on the expected loss ratio method at early ages of development and shifting more weight onto the reported development method as an accident year matures. for certain general liability lines the company uses a berquist-sherman technique to adjust for changes in claim reserving patterns. the company also uses various frequency/severity methods aimed at capturing large loss development and in some bond lines individual claim reviews are used.
workers' compensation                                                      workers' compensation is the company's single largest reserve line of business and a wide range of methods are used. due to the long-tailed nature of workers' compensation, the selection of methods is driven by expected loss ratio methods ("elr") at early evaluations with emphasis shifting first to bornhuetter-ferguson methods, then to paid and reported development methods (with more reliance placed on paid methods), and finally to methods that are responsive to the inventory of open claims. across these techniques, there are adjustments related to changes in emergence patterns across years, projections of future cost inflation, outlier claims, and analysis of larger states.
marine                                                                     for marine liability, the company generally relies on the expected loss ratio, berquist-sherman, and reported development techniques. the company generally weights these techniques together, relying more heavily on the expected loss ratio method at early ages of development and then shifts towards berquist-sherman and then more towards the reported development method as an accident year matures. for marine property segments, the company relies on a berquist-sherman method for early development ages then shifts to reported development techniques.
assumed reinsurance and all other                                          standard methods, such as expected loss ratio, berquist-sherman and reported development techniques are applied. these methods and analyses are informed by underlying treaty by treaty analyses supporting the expected loss ratios, and cedant data will often inform the loss development patterns. in some instances, reserve indications may also be influenced by information gained from claims and underwriting audits. policy quarter and policy year loss reserve estimates are then converted to an accident year basis.
allocated loss adjustment expenses ("alae")                                for some lines of business (e.g., professional liability, assumed reinsurance, and the acquired navigators group book of business), alae and losses are analyzed together. for most lines of business, however, alae is analyzed separately, using paid development techniques and a ratio of paid alae to paid loss is applied to loss reserves to estimate unpaid alae.
unallocated loss adjustment expenses ("ulae")                              ulae is analyzed separately from loss and alae. for most lines of business, future ulae costs to be paid are projected based on an expected claim handling cost per claim year, the anticipated claim closure pattern and the ratio of paid ulae to paid loss is applied to estimated unpaid losses. for some lines, a simplified paid-to-paid approach is used.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the recorded reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses represents the company's best estimate of the ultimate settlement amount of unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. in applying judgment, the best estimate is selected after considering the estimates derived from a number of actuarial methods, giving more weight to those methods deemed more predictive of ultimate unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. the company does not produce a statistical range or confidence interval of reserve estimates and, since reserving methods with more credibility are given greater weight, the selected best estimate may differ from the mid-point of the various estimates produced by the actuarial methods used.
assumptions used in arriving at the selected actuarial indications consider a number of factors, including the immaturity of emerged claims in recent accident years, emerging trends in the recent past, and the level of volatility within each line of business.
adjustments to reserves of prior accident years are referred to as "prior accident year development". increases in previous estimates of ultimate loss costs are referred to as either an increase in prior accident year reserves or as unfavorable reserve development. decreases in previous estimates of ultimate loss costs are referred to as either a decrease in prior accident year reserves or as favorable reserve development. reserve development can influence the comparability of year over year underwriting results.
for a discussion of changes to reserve estimates recorded in 2021, see note 12 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
current trends contributing to reserve uncertainty the hartford is a multi-line company in the property and casualty insurance business. the hartford is, therefore, subject to reserve uncertainty stemming from changes in loss trends and other conditions which could become material at any point in time. as market conditions and loss trends develop, management must assess whether those conditions constitute a long-term trend that should result in a reserving action (i.e., increasing or decreasing the reserve).
general liability- within commercial lines and property & casualty other operations, the company has exposure to general liability claims, including from bodily injury, property damage and product liability. reserves for these exposures can be particularly difficult to estimate due to the long development pattern and uncertainty about how cases will settle. in particular, the company has exposure to bodily injury claims that is the result of long-term or continuous exposure to harmful products or substances. examples include, but are not limited to, pharmaceutical products, silica, talcum powder, per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances ("pfas"), head injuries and lead paint. the company also has exposure to claims from construction defects, where property damage or bodily injury from negligent construction is alleged. in addition, the company has exposure to claims asserted against religious institutions, and other organizations, including the boy scouts of america, relating to sexual molestation and sexual abuse. for additional information related to the company's settlement agreement with the boy scouts of america, see note 12 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses in the notes to consolidated financial statements. state "reviver" statutes, extending statutes of limitations for certain sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims, could result in additional litigation or could result in unexpected sexual molestation and sexual abuse losses. such exposures may involve potentially long latency periods and may implicate coverage in multiple policy periods, which can raise complex coverage issues with significant effects on the ultimate scope of coverage. such exposures may also be impacted by insured bankruptcies. these factors make reserves for such claims more uncertain than other bodily injury or property damage claims. with regard to these exposures, the company monitors trends in litigation, the external environment including legislation, the similarities to other mass torts and the potential impact on the company's reserves. additionally, uncertainty in estimated claim severity causes reserve variability, particularly with respect to changes in internal claim handling and case reserving practices.
workers' compensation- included in both small commercial and in middle & large commercial, workers' compensation is the company's single biggest line of business and the property and casualty line of business with the longest pattern of loss emergence. to the extent that patterns in the frequency of settlement payments deviate from historical patterns, loss reserve estimates would be less reliable. medical costs make up approximately 50% of workers' compensation payments. as such, reserve estimates for workers' compensation are particularly sensitive to changes in medical inflation, the changing use of medical care procedures and changes in state legislative and regulatory environments. in addition, a deteriorating economic environment can reduce the ability of an injured worker to return to work and lengthen the time a worker receives disability benefits. in national accounts, reserves for large deductible workers' compensation insurance require estimating losses attributable to the deductible amount that will be paid by the insured; if such losses are not paid by the insured due to financial difficulties, the company is contractually liable.
commercial lines automobile- uncertainty in estimated claim severity causes reserve variability for commercial automobile losses including reserve variability due to changes in internal claim handling and case reserving practices as well as due to changes in the external environment.
directors' and officers' insurance- uncertainty regarding the number and severity of security class action suits can result in reserve volatility for directors' and officers' insurance claims. additionally, the company's exposure to losses under directors' and officers' insurance policies, both domestically and internationally, is primarily in excess layers, making estimates of loss more complex.
personal lines automobile- while claims emerge over relatively shorter periods, estimates can still vary due to a number of factors, including uncertain estimates of frequency and severity trends. severity trends are affected by changes in internal claim handling and case reserving practices as well as by changes in the external environment, such as due to inflation in labor and materials because of supply chain disruptions affecting repair costs. changes in claim practices increase the uncertainty in the interpretation of case reserve data, which
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations increases the uncertainty in recorded reserve levels. severity trends have increased in recent accident years, in part driven by more expensive parts associated with new automobile technology, causing additional uncertainty about the reliability of past patterns. in addition, the introduction of new products and class plans has led to a different mix of business by type of insured than the company experienced in the past. such changes in mix increase the uncertainty of the reserve projections, since historical data and reporting patterns may not be applicable to the new business.
assumed reinsurance- while the pricing and reserving processes can be challenging and idiosyncratic for insurance companies, the inherent uncertainties of setting prices and estimating such reserves are even greater for the reinsurer. this is primarily due to the longer time between the date of an occurrence and the reporting of claims to the reinsurer, the diversity of development patterns among different types of reinsurance treaties or contracts, the necessary reliance on the ceding companies for information regarding reported claims and differing pricing and reserving practices among ceding companies. in addition, trends that have affected development of liabilities in the past may not necessarily occur or impact liability development in the same manner or to the same degree in the future. as a result, actual losses and lae may deviate, perhaps substantially, from the expected estimates.
international business- in addition to several of the line-specific trends listed above, the international business acquired through the navigators group book of business may have additional uncertainty due to geopolitical, foreign currency, and trade dispute risks.
covid-19 impacts- as further explained under the "impact of covid-19 on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity" section of this md&a, the company incurred $31 of covid-19 claims in 2021 within p&c, including in workers' compensation and financial lines. under workers' compensation, we have experienced a continuation of covid-19 incurred losses, particularly due to laws or directives in certain states that require coverage of covid-19 claims for health care and other essential workers based on a presumption that they contracted the virus while working. under financial lines, we have experienced covid-19 related claims under employment practices liability insurance policies. these claims tend to be low severity and we are monitoring emerging trends related to return to work and vaccine mandates. we continue to monitor exposure under director's and officer's insurance policies.
in addition to the direct impacts of covid-19 mentioned above, we are monitoring for indirect impacts as well. this past year we have seen inflationary pressure on building material and labor costs due to supply chain disruption because of the pandemic. this has the potential to impact homeowners and commercial property severity and lengthen reporting patterns due to claim settlement delays. supply chain disruption as a result of the pandemic has also had an impact on the automobile industry impacting physical damage severities.
reserve estimates for covid-19 claims are difficult to estimate. in establishing reserves for covid-19 incurred claims through december 31, 2021, we have provided ibnr at a higher percentage of ultimate estimated incurred losses than usual as we expect longer claim reporting patterns given the effects of covid-19. for example, we expect longer delays than usual between the time a worker is treated and the date the claim is eventually submitted for workers' compensation coverage. reserve estimates for directors' and officers' ("d&o"), errors and omissions ("e&o") and employment practices liability are subject to significant uncertainty given that estimates must be made of the expected ultimate severity of claims that have recently been reported. changes in the legal environment and litigation process, including but not limited to court delays and closings, may also have potential impacts on development patterns for liability lines.
catastrophes- within commercial lines and personal lines, the company is exposed to incurred losses from catastrophe events, primarily for damage to property. reserves for hurricanes, tropical storms, tornado/hail, wildfires, earthquakes and other catastrophe events are subject to significant uncertainty about the number and average severity of claims arising from those events, particularly in cases where the event occurs near the end of a financial reporting period when there is limited information about the extent of damages. for example, after a catastrophe event, it may take a period of time before we are able to access the impacted areas limiting the ability of our claims adjusting staff to inspect losses, make estimates and determine the damages that are covered by the policy. to estimate catastrophe losses, we consider information from claim notices received to date, third party data, visual images of the affected area where we have exposures and our own historical experience of loss reporting patterns for similar events.
impact of key assumptions on reserves as stated above, the company's practice is to estimate reserves using a variety of methods, assumptions and data elements within its reserve estimation. the company does not use statistical loss distributions or confidence levels in the process of determining its reserve estimate and, as a result, does not disclose reserve ranges.
across most lines of business, the most important reserve assumptions are future loss development factors applied to paid or reported losses to date. the trend in loss cost frequency and severity is also a key assumption, particularly in the most recent accident years, where loss development factors are less credible.
the following discussion discloses possible variation from current estimates of loss reserves due to a change in certain key indicators of potential losses. for automobile liability lines in both personal lines and commercial lines, the key indicator is the annual loss cost trend, particularly the severity trend component of loss costs. for workers' compensation and general liability, loss development patterns are a key indicator, particularly for more mature accident years. for workers' compensation, paid loss development patterns have been impacted by medical cost inflation and other changes in loss cost trends. for general liability, incurred loss development patterns have been impacted by, among other things, emergence of new types of claims (e.g., pfas claims) and a shift in the mixture between smaller, more routine claims and larger, more complex claims.
each of the impacts described below is estimated individually, without consideration for any correlation among key indicators or among lines of business. therefore, it would be inappropriate to take each of the amounts described below and add them
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations together in an attempt to estimate volatility for the company's reserves in total. for any one reserving line of business, the estimated variation in reserves due to changes in key indicators is a reasonable estimate of potential reserve development that may occur in the future, likely over a period of several calendar years. the variation discussed is not meant to be a worst-case scenario, and, therefore, it is possible that future variation may be more than the amounts discussed below. moreover, the variation discussed does not represent a complete statistical range of potential reserve outcomes, and factors exist beyond the key indicators considered which have the potential to drive additional variation to the company's reserves.
possible change in key indicator                                                                                    reserves, net of reinsurance december 31, 2021         estimated range of potential reserve development personal automobileliability           +/- 2.5 points to the annual assumed change in loss cost severity for the two most recent accident years                                              $1.4 billion                                                  +/- $65
commercial automobile liability        +/- 2.5 points to the annual assumed change in loss cost severity for the two most recent accident years                                              $1.2 billion                                                  +/- $30
workers' compensation                  2% change in paid loss development patterns                                                                                                          $11.3 billion                                                 +/- $400
general liability                      8% change in reported loss development patterns                                                                                                       $5.0 billion                                                 +/- $500
reserving for asbestos and environmental claims how a&e reserves are set- the process for establishing reserves for asbestos and environmental claims first involves estimating the required reserves gross of ceded reinsurance and then estimating reinsurance recoverables.
in establishing reserves for gross asbestos claims, the company evaluates its insureds' estimated liabilities for such claims by examining exposures for individual insureds and assessing how coverage applies. the company considers a variety of factors, including the jurisdictions where underlying claims have been brought, past, pending and anticipated future claim activity, the level of plaintiff demands, disease mix, past settlement values of similar claims, dismissal rates, allocated loss adjustment expense, and potential impact of other defendants being in bankruptcy.
similarly, the company reviews exposures to establish gross environmental reserves. the company considers several factors in estimating environmental liabilities, including historical values of similar claims, the number of sites involved, the insureds' alleged activities at each site, the alleged environmental damage, the respective shares of liability of potentially responsible parties, the appropriateness and cost of remediation, the nature of governmental enforcement activities or mandated remediation efforts and potential impact of other defendants being in bankruptcy.
after evaluating its insureds' probable liabilities for asbestos and/or environmental claims, the company evaluates the insurance coverage in place for such claims. the company considers its insureds' total available insurance coverage, including the coverage issued by the company. the company also considers relevant judicial interpretations of policy language, the nature of how policy limits are enforced on multi-year policies and applicable coverage defenses or determinations, if any.
the estimated liabilities of insureds and the company's exposure to the insureds depends heavily on an analysis of the relevant legal issues and litigation environment. this analysis is conducted by the company's lawyers and is subject to applicable privileges.
for both asbestos and environmental reserves, the company also analyzes its historical paid and reported losses and expenses year by year, to assess any emerging trends, fluctuations or characteristics suggested by the aggregate paid and reported activity. the historical losses and expenses are analyzed on both a direct basis and net of reinsurance.
once the gross ultimate exposure for indemnity and allocated loss adjustment expense is determined for its insureds by each policy year, the company calculates its ceded reinsurance projection based on any applicable facultative and treaty reinsurance and the company's experience with reinsurance collections. see the section that follows entitled a&e adverse development cover that discusses the impact the reinsurance agreement with nico may have on future adverse development of asbestos and environmental reserves, if any.
uncertainties regarding adequacy of a&e reserves- a number of factors affect the variability of estimates for gross asbestos and environmental reserves including assumptions with respect to the frequency of claims, the average severity of those claims settled with payment, the dismissal rate of claims with no payment, resolution of coverage disputes with our policyholders and the expense to indemnity ratio. reserve estimates for gross asbestos and environmental reserves are subject to greater variability than reserve estimates for more traditional exposures.
the process of estimating asbestos and environmental reserves remains subject to a wide variety of uncertainties, which are detailed in note 15 - commitments and contingencies of notes to consolidated financial statements. the company believes that its current asbestos and environmental reserves are appropriate. future developments could continue to cause the company to change its estimates of its gross asbestos and environmental reserves. losses ceded under the adverse development cover ("a&e adc") with nico in excess of the ceded premium paid of $650 have resulted in a deferred gain resulting in a timing difference between when gross reserves are increased and when reinsurance recoveries are recognized. this timing difference results in a charge to net income until such periods when the recoveries are recognized. consistent with past practice, the company will continue to monitor its reserves in property & casualty other operations regularly,
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations including its annual reviews of asbestos liabilities, reinsurance recoverables, the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, and environmental liabilities. where future developments indicate, we will make appropriate adjustments to the reserves at that time.
total p&c insurance product reserves development in the opinion of management, based upon the known facts and current law, the reserves recorded for the company's property and casualty insurance products at december 31, 2021 represent the company's best estimate of its ultimate liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses related to losses covered by policies written by the company. however, because of the significant uncertainties surrounding reserves, it is possible that management's estimate of the ultimate liabilities for these claims may change in the future and that the required adjustment to currently recorded reserves could be material to the company's results of operations and liquidity.
rollforward of property and casualty insurance product liabilities for unpaid losses and lae for the year ended december 31, 2021
commercial lines         personal        property &amp; casualty other operations                  total property &amp; casualty insurance lines beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross                        $25,058              $1,836                               $2,728                                                  $29,622
reinsurance and other recoverables                                                                   4,271                  28                                1,426                                                    5,725
beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net                           20,787               1,808                                1,302                                                   23,897
provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses current accident year before catastrophes                                                            5,407               1,840                                    -                                                    7,247
current accident year ("cay") catastrophes                                                             496                 168                                    -                                                      664
prior accident year development ("pyd") [1]                                                            141               (144)                                  202                                                      199
total provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses                                       6,044               1,864                                  202                                                    8,110
change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities [1]                  (91)                   -                                (155)                                                    (246)
payments                                                                                           (4,316)             (1,865)                                (214)                                                  (6,395)
foreign currency adjustment                                                                              2                   -                                    -                                                        2
ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net                              22,426               1,807                                1,135                                                   25,368
reinsurance and other recoverables                                                                   4,480                  37                                1,564                                                    6,081
ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross                           $26,906              $1,844                               $2,699                                                  $31,449
earned premiums and fee income                                                                      $9,575              $2,986
loss and loss expense paid ratio [2]                                                                  45.1                62.5
loss and loss expense incurred ratio                                                                  63.4                63.1
prior accident year development (pts) [3]                                                              1.5               (4.9)
[1]prior accident year development does not include the benefit of a portion of losses ceded under the navigators and a&e adcs which, under retroactive reinsurance accounting, is deferred and is recognized over the period the ceded losses are recovered in cash from nico. for additional information regarding the two adverse development cover reinsurance agreements, refer to note 12 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements.
[2]the "loss and loss expense paid ratio" represents the ratio of paid losses and loss adjustment expenses to earned premiums and fee income.
[3]"prior accident year development (pts)" represents the ratio of prior accident year development to earned premiums.
62
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations current accident year catastrophe losses for the year ended december 31, 2021, net of reinsurance commercial lines                         personal                            total lines wind and hail                                                              $157                              $94                             $251
winter storms [1]                                                           151                               18                              169
hurricanes and tropical storms                                              151                               43                              194
wildfires                                                                     9                               23                               32
losses ceded to the aggregate catastrophe treaty [2]                       (29)                             (10)                             (39)
catastrophes before assumed reinsurance                                     439                              168                              607
global assumed reinsurance business [3]                                      57                                -                               57
total catastrophe losses                                                   $496                             $168                             $664
[1]includes catastrophe losses from the february winter storms in texas and other areas within commercial lines and personal lines of $206 and $24, respectively, gross of reinsurance, and $151 and $18, respectively, net of reinsurance under the company's per occurrence property catastrophe treaty covering events other than earthquakes and named hurricanes and tropical storms. the reinsurance covers 70% of up to $250 of losses in excess of $100 from such events occurring within a seven day time period, subject to a $50 annual aggregate deductible. these recoveries do not inure to the benefit of the aggregate property catastrophe treaty reinsurers. for further information on the treaty, refer to enterprise risk management - insurance risk section of this md&a.
[2]for further information on the aggregate catastrophe treaty, refer to enterprise risk management - insurance risk section of this md&a.
[3]catastrophe losses incurred on global assumed reinsurance business are not covered under the company's aggregate property catastrophe treaty. for further information on the treaty, refer to enterprise risk management - insurance risk section of this md&a.
unfavorable (favorable) prior accident year development for the year ended december 31, 2021
commercial lines   personal lines             property &amp; casualty other operations              total property &amp; casualty insurance workers' compensation                                                                           $(190)            $-                         $-                                                                     $(190)
workers' compensation discount accretion                                                            35            -                          -                                                                          35
general liability                                                                                  454            -                          -                                                                         454
marine                                                                                               1            -                          -                                                                           1
package business                                                                                  (91)            -                          -                                                                        (91)
commercial property                                                                               (26)            -                          -                                                                        (26)
professional liability                                                                             (2)            -                          -                                                                         (2)
bond                                                                                              (26)            -                          -                                                                        (26)
assumed reinsurance                                                                                (6)            -                          -                                                                         (6)
automobile liability                                                                                 9            (90)                       -                                                                        (81)
homeowners                                                                                           -                          3            -                                                                           3
net asbestos and environmental reserves                                                              -            -                          -                                                                           -
catastrophes                                                                                      (97)            (57)                       -                                                                       (154)
uncollectible reinsurance                                                                          (5)            -                          (1)                                                                       (6)
other reserve re-estimates, net                                                                    (6)            -                                                     48                                              42
prior accident year development before change in deferred gain                                      50            (144)                                                 47                                            (47)
change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities                    91            -                                                    155                                             246
total prior accident year development                                                             $141            $(144)                     $202                                                                     $199
63
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations rollforward of property and casualty insurance product liabilities for unpaid losses and lae for the year ended december 31, 2020
commercial lines       personal lines        property &amp; casualty other operations                  total property &amp; casualty insurance beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross               $23,363                $2,201                                 $2,697                                                  $28,261
reinsurance and other recoverables [1]                                                      4,029                    68                                  1,178                                                    5,275
beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net                  19,334                 2,133                                  1,519                                                   22,986
provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses current accident year before catastrophes                                                   5,493                 1,695                                      -                                                    7,188
current accident year catastrophes                                                            397                   209                                      -                                                      606
prior accident year development [2]                                                            44                 (438)                                    258                                                    (136)
total provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses                              5,934                 1,466                                    258                                                    7,658
change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in                              (102)                     -                                  (210)                                                    (312)
other liabilities [2]
payments                                                                                  (4,348)               (1,791)                                  (265)                                                  (6,404)
net reserves transferred to liabilities held for sale                                        (45)                     -                                      -                                                     (45)
foreign currency adjustment                                                                    14                     -                                      -                                                       14
ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net                     20,787                 1,808                                  1,302                                                   23,897
reinsurance and other recoverables                                                          4,271                    28                                  1,426                                                    5,725
ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross                  $25,058                $1,836                                 $2,728                                                  $29,622
earned premiums and fee income                                                             $8,940                $3,042
loss and loss expense paid ratio [3]                                                         48.6                  58.9
loss and loss expense incurred ratio                                                         66.5                  48.7
prior accident year development (pts) [4]                                                     0.5                (14.6)
[1]includes a cumulative effect adjustment of $1 and $(1) for commercial lines and property & casualty other operations respectively, representing an adjustment to the acl recorded on adoption of accounting guidance for credit losses on january 1, 2020. see note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
[2]prior accident year development does not include the benefit of a portion of losses ceded under the navigators and a&e adcs which, under retroactive reinsurance accounting, is deferred and is recognized over the period the ceded losses are recovered in cash from nico. for additional information regarding the two adverse development cover reinsurance agreements, refer to note 12 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements.
[3]the "loss and loss expense paid ratio" represents the ratio of paid losses and loss adjustment expenses to earned premiums and fee income.
[4]"prior accident year development (pts)" represents the ratio of prior accident year development to earned premiums.
current accident year catastrophe losses for the year ended december 31, 2020, net of reinsurance commercial lines                         personal                            total lines wind and hail                                         $167                              $97                             $264
civil unrest                                           105                                -                              105
hurricanes and tropical storms                          96                               51                              147
wildfires                                               21                               61                               82
other                                                    8                                -                                8
total catastrophe losses                              $397                             $209                             $606
in december, 2019, the judge overseeing the bankruptcy of pg&e approved an $11 billion settlement of insurance subrogation claims to resolve all such claims arising from the 2017 northern california wildfires and 2018 camp wildfire. that settlement was contingent upon, among other things, the judge entering an order confirming pg&e's chapter 11 bankruptcy plan ("pg&e plan") incorporating the settlement agreement. on june 20, 2020, the bankruptcy court judge approved the pg&e plan and pg&e subsequently transferred the $11 billion settlement amount to a trust designed to allocate and distribute the settlement among subrogation holders, including certain of the company's insurance subsidiaries. in the second quarter of 2020, the company recorded an estimated $289 subrogation benefit though the ultimate amount it collects will depend on how the company's ultimate paid claims subject to subrogation compare to other insurers' ultimate paid claims subject to
64
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations subrogation. in 2020, the company received distributions, net of attorney costs, of $227.
unfavorable (favorable) prior accident year development for the year ended december 31, 2020
commercial lines   personal lines             property &amp; casualty other operations              total property &amp; casualty insurance workers' compensation                                                                           $(110)            $-                         $-                                                                     $(110)
workers' compensation discount accretion                                                            35            -                          -                                                                          35
general liability                                                                                  237            -                          -                                                                         237
marine                                                                                               3            -                          -                                                                           3
package business                                                                                  (58)            -                          -                                                                        (58)
commercial property                                                                                (4)            -                          -                                                                         (4)
professional liability                                                                            (14)            -                          -                                                                        (14)
bond                                                                                              (19)            -                          -                                                                        (19)
assumed reinsurance                                                                                (6)            -                          -                                                                         (6)
automobile liability                                                                                27            (61)                       -                                                                        (34)
homeowners                                                                                           -                          7            -                                                                           7
net asbestos and environmental reserves                                                              -            -                          (2)                                                                       (2)
catastrophes                                                                                     (149)            (380)                      -                                                                       (529)
uncollectible reinsurance                                                                            -            -                          (8)                                                                       (8)
other reserve re-estimates, net                                                                      -            (4)                                                   58                                              54
prior accident year development before change in deferred gain                                    (58)            (438)                                                 48                                           (448)
change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities                   102            -                                                    210                                             312
total prior accident year development                                                              $44            $(438)                     $258                                                                   $(136)
65
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations rollforward of property and casualty insurance product liabilities for unpaid losses and lae for the year ended december 31, 2019
commercial lines       personal lines        property &amp; casualty other operations         total property &amp; casualty insurance beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross               $19,455                $2,456                                 $2,673                                         $24,584
reinsurance and other recoverables                                                          3,137                   108                                    987                                           4,232
beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net                  16,318                 2,348                                  1,686                                          20,352
navigators group acquisition                                                                2,001                     -                                      -                                           2,001
provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses current accident year before catastrophes                                                   4,913                 2,087                                      -                                           7,000
current accident year catastrophes                                                            323                   140                                      -                                             463
prior accident year development [1]                                                          (44)                  (42)                                     21                                            (65)
total provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses                              5,192                 2,185                                     21                                           7,398
change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in                               (16)                     -                                      -                                            (16)
other liabilities [1]
payments                                                                                  (4,161)               (2,400)                                  (187)                                         (6,748)
foreign currency adjustment                                                                   (1)                     -                                      -                                             (1)
ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net                     19,333                 2,133                                  1,520                                          22,986
reinsurance and other recoverables                                                          4,030                    68                                  1,177                                           5,275
ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross                  $23,363                $2,201                                 $2,697                                         $28,261
earned premiums and fee income                                                             $8,325                $3,235
loss and loss expense paid ratio [2]                                                         50.0                  74.2
loss and loss expense incurred ratio                                                         62.6                  68.3
prior accident year development (pts) [3]                                                   (0.5)                 (1.3)
[1]prior accident year development does not include the benefit of a portion of losses ceded under the navigators and a&e adcs which, under retroactive reinsurance accounting, is deferred and is recognized over the period the ceded losses are recovered in cash from nico. for additional information regarding the two adverse development cover reinsurance agreements, refer to note 12 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements.
[2]the "loss and loss expense paid ratio" represents the ratio of paid losses and loss adjustment expenses to earned premiums and fee income.
[3]"prior accident year development (pts)" represents the ratio of prior accident year development to earned premiums.
current accident year catastrophe losses for the year ended december 31, 2019, net of reinsurance commercial lines                         personal                            total lines wind and hail                                   $157                             $102                             $259
winter storms                                     54                               18                               72
tropical storms                                   18                                5                               23
hurricanes                                        20                                4                               24
wildfires                                          4                                4                                8
tornadoes                                         53                                7                               60
typhoons                                          16                                -                               16
other                                              1                                -                                1
total catastrophe losses                        $323                             $140                             $463
66
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations unfavorable (favorable) prior accident year development for the year ended december 31, 2019
commercial lines   personal lines             property &amp; casualty other operations              total property &amp; casualty insurance workers' compensation                                                                           $(120)            $-                         $-                                                                     $(120)
workers' compensation discount accretion                                                            33            -                          -                                                                          33
general liability                                                                                   61            -                          -                                                                          61
marine                                                                                               8            -                          -                                                                           8
package business                                                                                  (47)            -                          -                                                                        (47)
commercial property                                                                               (11)            -                          -                                                                        (11)
professional liability                                                                              29            -                          -                                                                          29
bond                                                                                               (3)            -                          -                                                                         (3)
assumed reinsurance                                                                                  3            -                          -                                                                           3
automobile liability                                                                                27            (38)                       -                                                                        (11)
homeowners                                                                                           -                          3            -                                                                           3
net asbestos and environmental reserves                                                              -            -                          -                                                                           -
catastrophes                                                                                      (40)            (2)                        -                                                                        (42)
uncollectible reinsurance                                                                          (5)            -                          (25)                                                                     (30)
other reserve re-estimates, net                                                                      5            (5)               46                                                                                  46
total prior accident year development                                                             (60)            (42)              21                                                                                (81)
change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities                    16            -                          -                                                                          16
total prior accident year development                                                            $(44)            $(42)                      $21                                                                     $(65)
for discussion of the factors contributing to unfavorable (favorable) for the prior accident year reserve development 2021, 2020, and 2019 periods, refer to note 12 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements.
|property & casualty other operations net reserves and reserve activity in property & casualty other operations are categorized and reported as asbestos, environmental, and "all other". the "all other" category of reserves covers a wide range of insurance and assumed reinsurance coverages, including, but not limited to, potential liability for construction defects, lead paint, silica, pharmaceutical products, head injuries, sexual molestation and sexual abuse and other long-tail liabilities. in addition to various insurance and assumed reinsurance exposures, "all other" includes unallocated loss adjustment expense reserves. "all other" also includes the company's allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. when the company commutes a ceded reinsurance contract or settles a ceded reinsurance dispute, net reserves for the related cause of loss (including asbestos, environmental or all other) are increased for the portion of the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance attributable to that commutation or settlement.
asbestos and environmental reserves the vast majority of the company's exposure to a&e relates to policy coverages provided prior to 1986, reported within the p&c other operations segment ("run-off a&e"). in addition, since 1986, the company has written asbestos and environmental exposures under general liability policies and pollution liability under homeowners policies, which are reported in the commercial lines and personal lines segments.
67
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations run-off a&e summary as of december 31, 2021
asbestos        environmental         total run-off a&amp;e gross direct                           $1,247               $394                     $1,641
assumed reinsurance                 460                 68                        528
total                             1,707                462                      2,169
ceded- other than nico                                          (444)               (68)                      (512)
total net reserves, before ceded losses to nico                 1,263                394                      1,657
ceded - nico a&amp;e adc "run-off"[1]                                                                       (1,053)
net                                                                                                            $604
[1]including $1,053 of ceded losses for run-off a&e and a ($38) reduction in ceded losses for commercial lines and personal lines, cumulative net incurred losses of $1,015 have been ceded to nico under an adverse development cover reinsurance agreement. see the section that follows entitled a&e adverse development cover for additional information.
rollforward of run-off a&e losses and lae asbestos        environmental         total run-off a&amp;e
2021
beginning net reserves before reinsurance recoverable from nico                           $1,268               $419                     $1,687
losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred before ceding to nico a&amp;e adc               104                 51                        155
losses and loss adjustment expenses paid                                                   (112)               (76)                      (188)
reclassification of allowance for uncollectible reinsurance [1]                                3                  -                          3
ending net reserves before reinsurance recoverable from nico                               1,263                394                      1,657
reinsurance recoverable from nico a&amp;e adc                                                                                          (1,053)
ending net reserves                                                                                                                       $604
2020
beginning net reserves before reinsurance recoverable from nico                           $1,308               $346                     $1,654
losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred before ceding to nico a&amp;e adc               130                106                        236
losses and loss adjustment expenses paid                                                   (172)               (33)                      (205)
reclassification of allowance for uncollectible reinsurance [1]                                2                  -                          2
ending net reserves before reinsurance recoverable from nico                               1,268                419                      1,687
reinsurance recoverable from nico a&amp;e adc                                                                                            (898)
ending net reserves                                                                                                                       $789
2019
beginning net reserves before reinsurance recoverable from nico                           $1,342               $321                     $1,663
losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred before ceding to nico a&amp;e adc                76                 56                        132
losses and loss adjustment expenses paid                                                   (111)               (32)                      (143)
reclassification of allowance for uncollectible reinsurance [1]                                1                  1                          2
ending net reserves before reinsurance recoverable from nico                               1,308                346                      1,654
reinsurance recoverable from nico a&amp;e adc                                                                                            (660)
ending liability - net                                                                                                                    $994
[1]related to the reclassification of an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance from the "all other" category of p&c other operations reserves.
a&e adverse development cover effective december 31, 2016, the company entered into an a&e adc reinsurance agreement with nico, a subsidiary of berkshire, to reduce uncertainty about potential adverse development. under the a&e adc, the company paid a reinsurance premium of $650 for nico to assume adverse net loss and allocated loss adjustment expense reserve development up to $1.5 billion above the company's existing net a&e reserves as of december 31, 2016 of approximately $1.7 billion, including both run-off a&e and a&e reserves in commercial lines and personal lines. the $650 reinsurance premium was placed in a collateral trust account as security for nico's claim payment obligations to the company. the company has retained the risk of collection on amounts due from other third-party reinsurers and continues to be responsible for claims handling and other administrative services, subject to certain conditions. the a&e adc covers substantially all the company's a&e reserve development up to the reinsurance limit.
under retroactive reinsurance accounting, net adverse a&e reserve development after december 31, 2016 results in an offsetting reinsurance recoverable up to the $1.5 billion limit. cumulative ceded losses up to the $650 reinsurance
68
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations premium paid have been recognized as a dollar-for-dollar offset to direct losses incurred. cumulative ceded losses exceeding the $650 reinsurance premium paid have resulted in a deferred gain. as of december 31, 2021, the company has incurred a cumulative $1,015 in adverse development on a&e reserves that have been ceded under the a&e adc treaty with nico, including $1,053 for run-off a&e reserves, partially offset by a $38 reduction for a&e reserves in commercial lines and personal lines. as such, $485 of coverage is available for future adverse net reserve development, if any. as a result, the company has recorded a $365 deferred gain within other liabilities, representing the difference between the reinsurance recoverable of $1,015 and ceded premium paid of $650. the deferred gain is recognized over the claim settlement period in the proportion of the amount of cumulative ceded losses collected from the reinsurer to the estimated ultimate reinsurance recoveries. consequently, until periods when the deferred gain is recognized as a benefit to earnings, cumulative adverse development of asbestos and environmental claims will result in charges against earnings, which may be significant.
net and gross survival ratios net and gross survival ratios are a measure of the quotient of the carried reserves divided by average annual payments (net of reinsurance and on a gross basis) and is an indication of the number of years that carried reserves would last (i.e. survive) if future annual payments were consistent with the calculated historical average.
since december 31, 2016, asbestos and environmental net reserves have been declining since all adverse development has been ceded to nico, up to a limit of $1.5 billion and the deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance has been recorded within other liabilities rather than in net loss and loss adjustment expense reserves. recoveries from nico will not be collected until the company has cumulative loss payments of more than the attachment point of $1.7 billion which was based on the carrying value of net reserves as of december 31, 2016. accordingly, the payment of losses without any current collection of recoveries from nico has reduced the company's net loss reserves which decreases the net survival ratios such that, unadjusted, the net survival ratios would not be representative of the true number of years of average loss payments covered by the reserves. therefore, the net survival ratios presented in the table below are calculated before considering the effect of the a&e adc reinsurance agreement but net of other reinsurance in place.
net and gross survival ratios asbestos        environmental one year net survival ratio                    11.3                  5.2
three year net survival ratio                   9.6                  8.4
one year gross survival ratio                  10.9                  4.2
three year gross survival ratio                 9.4                  7.4
run-off a&e paid and incurred losses and lae development asbestos                                                  environmental                                                  total a&amp;e paid losses &amp; lae        incurred losses &amp; lae         paid losses &amp; lae        incurred losses &amp; lae         paid losses &amp; lae        incurred losses &amp; lae
2021
gross                                         $157                            $148                           $109                             $55                           $266                            $203
ceded- other than nico                        (45)                            (44)                           (33)                             (4)                           (78)                            (48)
net - gross of adc                             112                             104                             76                              51                            188                             155
ceded - nico a&amp;e adc                                                                                                                                                       -                           (155)
net                                                                                                                                                                         $188                              $-
2020
gross                                         $252                            $170                            $40                            $141                           $292                            $311
ceded- other than nico                        (80)                            (40)                            (7)                            (35)                           (87)                            (75)
net - gross of adc                             172                             130                             33                             106                            205                             236
ceded - nico a&amp;e adc                                                                                                                                                       -                           (238)
net                                                                                                                                                                         $205                            $(2)
2019
gross                                         $131                            $115                            $39                             $95                           $170                            $210
ceded- other than nico                        (20)                            (39)                            (7)                            (39)                           (27)                            (78)
net - gross of adc                             111                              76                             32                              56                            143                             132
ceded - nico a&amp;e adc                                                                                                                                                       -                           (132)
net                                                                                                                                                                         $143                              $-
annual reserve reviews review of asbestos and environmental reserves the company performs its regular comprehensive annual review of asbestos and environmental reserves in the fourth quarter, including both run-off a&e (p&c other operations) and asbestos and environmental reserves included in commercial lines and personal lines. as part of the evaluation of asbestos and environmental reserves in the fourth quarter of 2021, the company reviewed all of its open direct domestic insurance accounts exposed to asbestos and environmental liability, as well as assumed reinsurance accounts.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2021 comprehensive annual reviews as a result of the 2021 fourth quarter review, the company increased estimated asbestos reserves before nico reinsurance by $106, including $104 in p&c other operations, primarily due to an increase in claim settlement rates, claim settlement values, and defense costs, which more than offset the impact of a decline in claim filing frequency. also contributing was an increase in the company's estimated share of liability under pending or potential cost sharing agreements and settlements. the increase in asbestos reserves was offset by a $106 reinsurance recoverable under the nico treaty.
as a result of the 2021 fourth quarter review, the company increased estimated environmental reserves before nico reinsurance by $49, including $51 in p&c other operations, primarily due to the settlement of a large coal ash remediation claim, an increase in legal defense costs and higher site remediation costs. the increase in environmental reserves was offset by a $49 reinsurance recoverable under the nico treaty.
the total $155 increase in asbestos and environmental reserves in p&c other operations was offset by a $155 reinsurance recoverable under the nico treaty. since cumulative losses ceded to the a&e adc exceed the $650 of ceded premium paid, the company recognized a $155 increase in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance, resulting in the company recording a charge to earnings of $155 in 2021.
2020 comprehensive annual reviews as a result of the 2020 fourth quarter review, the company increased estimated asbestos reserves before nico reinsurance in p&c other operations by $130, primarily due to an increase in the rate of asbestos claims settlements for both mesothelioma and non-mesothelioma claims. in addition, average settlement values and defense costs were higher than anticipated, driven by elevated plaintiff demands. overall, the number of claim filings in the period covered by the 2020 study was roughly flat with the 2019 study, driven by an increase in non-mesothelioma claim filings, while the number of mesothelioma claim filings decreased as expected. the increase in asbestos reserves was offset by $132 reinsurance recoverable under the nico treaty, recognizing ($2) in reserve releases not subject to the nico treaty.
as a result of the 2020 fourth quarter review, the company increased estimated environmental reserves before nico reinsurance in p&c other operations by $106, primarily due to an increasing number of claims and suits alleging contamination from or exposure to pfas. in addition, higher than anticipated remediation costs and legal defense costs also contributed to the reserve increase. the increase in environmental reserves was offset by a $106 reinsurance recoverable under the nico treaty.
the total $236 increase in asbestos and environmental reserves in p&c other operations was offset by a $238 reinsurance recoverable under the nico treaty, with a ($2) release in asbestos reserves not subject to the nico treaty. including a reduction of asbestos and environmental reserves in commercial lines and personal lines, the net increase in a&e reserves ceded to the a&e adc in 2020 was $220 offset by a $220 increase in reinsurance recoverables under the nico treaty. however, since cumulative losses ceded to the a&e adc of $860 exceed the $650 of ceded premium paid, the company recognized a $210 increase in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance, resulting in the company recording a charge to earnings of $208 in 2020, consisting of the $210 deferred gain net of the $2 of favorable development on a&e reserves not subject to the nico treaty.
for information regarding the 2019 comprehensive annual review, refer to part 2, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the hartford's 2020 form 10-k annual report.
major categories of asbestos accounts direct asbestos exposures include both known and unallocated direct accounts.
•known direct accounts- includes both major asbestos defendants and non-major accounts, and represent approximately 71% of the company's total direct gross asbestos reserves as of december 31, 2021 compared to approximately 71% as of december 31, 2020. major asbestos defendants have been defined as the "top 70" accounts in tillinghast's published tiers 1 and 2 and wellington accounts, while non-major accounts are comprised of all other direct asbestos accounts and largely represent smaller and more peripheral defendants. major asbestos defendants have the fewest number of asbestos accounts.
•unallocated direct accounts- includes an estimate of the reserves necessary for asbestos claims related to direct insureds that have not previously tendered asbestos claims to the company and exposures related to liability claims that may not be subject to an aggregate limit under the applicable policies. these exposures represent approximately 29% of the company's direct gross asbestos reserves as of december 31, 2021 compared to approximately 29% as of december 31, 2020.
review of "all other" reserves in property & casualty other operations prior year development on all other reserves resulted in increases of $47, $50 and $21, respectively for calendar years 2021, 2020 and 2019. included in the 2021 adverse reserve development was the portion of the increase in reserve for sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims recognized in p&c other operations, principally on assumed reinsurance. also included in 2021 adverse development was an increase in reserves for ulae, primarily due to an increase in expected aggregate claim handling costs associated with asbestos and environmental claims. for more information on the increase in reserves for sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims, see note 12 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the company provides an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, reflecting management's best estimate of reinsurance cessions that may be uncollectible in the future due to reinsurers' unwillingness or inability to pay. in performing its assessment, the company evaluates the collectibility of the reinsurance recoverables and the adequacy of the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance associated with older, long-term casualty liabilities reported in property & casualty other operations. in conducting these evaluations, the company used its most recent detailed evaluations of ceded liabilities reported in the segment. the company analyzed the overall credit quality of the company's reinsurers, recent trends in arbitration and litigation outcomes in disputes between cedants and reinsurers,
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and recent developments in commutation activity between reinsurers and cedants. as of 2021, 2020, and 2019 the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance for property & casualty other operations totaled $53, $60 and $71, respectively. due to the inherent uncertainties as to collection and the length of time before reinsurance recoverables become due, particularly for older, long-term casualty liabilities, it is possible that future adjustments to the company's reinsurance recoverables, net of the allowance, could be required.
|impact of re-estimates on property & casualty insurance product reserves estimating property and casualty insurance product reserves uses a variety of methods, assumptions and data elements. ultimate losses may vary materially from the current estimates. many factors can contribute to these variations and the need to change the previous estimate of required reserve levels. prior accident year reserve development is generally due to the emergence of additional facts that were not known or anticipated at the time of the prior reserve estimate and/or due to changes in interpretations of information and trends.
the table below shows the range of annual reserve re-estimates experienced by the hartford over the past ten years. the range of prior accident year development shown in the table below is net of losses ceded, including losses ceded under two adverse development cover reinsurance agreements with nico that are accounted for as a deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance. the amount of prior accident year development (as shown in the reserve rollforward) for a given calendar year is expressed as a percent of the beginning calendar year reserves, net of reinsurance. the ranges presented are significantly influenced by the facts and circumstances of each particular year and by the fact that only the last ten years are included in the range. accordingly, these percentages are not intended to be a prediction of the range of possible future variability. for further discussion of the potential for variability in recorded loss reserves, see preferred reserving methods by line of business and impact of key assumptions on reserves sections.
range of prior accident year unfavorable (favorable) development for the ten years ended december 31, 2021
commercial lines        personal lines       property &amp; casualty other operations        total property &amp; casualty [1]
annual range of prior accident year unfavorable (favorable) development for the ten years ended december 31, 2021       (1.3%) - 0.6%           (20.5%) - 8.3%       0.9% - 9.8%                                     (1.9%) - 2.4%
[1]excluding the reserve increases for asbestos and environmental reserves, over the past ten years, reserve re-estimates for total property and casualty insurance ranged from (1.9%) to 1.0%.
the potential variability of the company's property and casualty insurance product reserves would normally be expected to vary by segment and the types of loss exposures insured by those segments. illustrative factors influencing the potential reserve variability for each of the segments are discussed under critical accounting estimates for property & casualty insurance product reserves and asbestos and environmental reserves. see the section entitled property & casualty other operations, annual reserve reviews about the impact that the a&e adc retroactive reinsurance agreement with nico has on net reserve changes of asbestos and environmental reserves.
the following table summarizes the effect of reserve re-estimates, net of reinsurance, on calendar year operations for the ten-year period ended december 31, 2021. the total of each column details the amount of reserve re-estimates made in the indicated calendar year and shows the accident years to which the re-estimates are applicable. the amounts in the total column on the far right represent the cumulative reserve re-estimates during the ten year period ended december 31, 2021 for the indicated accident year in each row. this table does not include navigators group reserve re-estimates for periods prior to the acquisition of the business on may 23, 2019.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations effect of net reserve re-estimates on calendar year operations calendar year
2012          2013          2014          2015          2016          2017          2018          2019            2020          2021           total by accident year
2011 &amp; prior      $(4)          $173          $326          $362          $310           $93         $(26)           $19            $277          $569          $2,099
2012                      19             -          (55)          (35)          (12)          (15)          (15)            (25)          (14)           (152)
2013                                  (98)          (43)          (29)          (33)           (2)          (26)            (15)          (35)           (281)
2014                                                (14)            20          (19)          (54)          (29)            (28)          (59)           (183)
2015                                                               191          (41)          (93)            19            (16)          (70)            (10)
2016                                                                            (29)            14          (11)            (38)          (83)           (147)
2017                                                                                             9         (116)           (204)         (111)           (422)
2018                                                                                                          78           (307)          (96)           (325)
2019                                                                                                                        (92)          (47)           (139)
2020                                                                                                                                     (101)           (101)
increase (decrease) in net reserves [1]       (4)           192           228           250           457          (41)         (167)          (81)           (448)          (47)             339
change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities                                                                                                          16             312           246
total unfavorable (favorable) prior accident year development                                                                                                       $(65)          $(136)          $199
[1]increase (decrease) in net reserves by accident year in the above table is net of losses ceded, including losses ceded under two adverse development cover reinsurance agreements with nico accounted for as a deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance. one agreement covers substantially all a&e reserve development for 2016 and prior accident years (the "a&e adc") up to an aggregate limit of $1.5 billion and the other covered substantially all reserve development of navigators insurance company and certain of its affiliates for 2018 and prior accident years ("navigators adc") up to an aggregate limit of $300. for calendar years before 2017, the 2011 and prior accident year development includes adverse development for a&e reserves. for additional information regarding the two adverse development cover reinsurance agreements, refer to note 12 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the commentary below explains, by accident year, the total prior accident year development recognized over the past 10 years.
accident year 2011 and prior the net increases in estimates of ultimate losses for accident years 2011 and prior were driven mostly by increased reserves for asbestos and environmental reserves, and also by increased estimates for customs bonds, sexual molestation and sexual abuse and other mass torts claims. also contributing was an increase in workers' compensation and commercial automobile liability, offset by favorable development in personal automobile liability.
accident years 2012 and 2013
estimates of ultimate losses were decreased for accident years 2012 and 2013 due to favorable frequency and/or medical severity trends for workers' compensation and favorable professional liability claim emergence. favorable emergence of property lines of business, including catastrophes, for the 2013 accident year, was partially offset by increased reserves in automobile liability due to increased severity of large claims.
accident years 2014 and 2015
changes in estimates of ultimate losses for accident years 2014 and 2015 were largely driven by favorable frequency and medical severity trends for workers' compensation, partially offset by unfavorable frequency and severity trends for personal and commercial automobile liability and increased severity of liability claims on package business.
accident year 2016
estimates of ultimate losses were decreased for the 2016 accident year largely due to reserve decreases on workers' compensation and personal automobile liability due to lower estimated severity, partially offset by unfavorable reserve estimates for higher hazard general liability exposures due to increased frequency and severity trends, higher estimated severity in middle & large commercial and on the acquired navigators group book of business related to u.s. construction, premises liability, products liability and excess casualty.
accident year 2017
ultimate loss estimates were decreased for the 2017 accident year mainly due to release of reserves related to catastrophes, lower reserve estimates in personal automobile liability due to emergence of lower estimated severity and lower reserve estimates for workers' compensation related to lower than previously estimated claim severity, partially offset by increases in estimates of ultimate losses in general liability and bond. partially offsetting was an increase to general liability reserves that was related to high hazard exposures which experienced increased frequency and severity trends. in addition, unfavorable bond reserve re-estimates were driven by large claims.
accident year 2018
ultimate loss estimates were decreased for the 2018 accident year mainly due to reduction in estimated catastrophe reserves for california wildfires and for various wind and hail events. reserve estimates were also reduced, to a lesser extent, for personal automobile liability which decreased due to lower than previously expected claim severity. these reserve decreases were partially offset by increases in commercial automobile liability and general liability. commercial automobile liability reserve increases were related to higher estimated severity on middle & large commercial claims. increases in general liability reserves for middle market and complex liability claims were also largely due to higher than previously expected severity.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations accident year 2019
ultimate loss estimates were decreased for the 2019 accident year mainly due to favorable emergence of property lines of business, primarily related to catastrophes. in addition, reduced reserve estimates for personal automobile liability were largely offset by higher reserve estimates for commercial automobile liability.
accident year 2020
ultimate loss estimates were decreased for the 2020 accident year mainly due to favorable emergence of property lines of business, inclusive of catastrophes. reserve estimates were also reduced, to a lesser extent, for personal automobile liability due to lower estimated severity and for general liability.
|group benefit reserves, net of reinsurance the company establishes reserves for group life and accident & health contracts, including long-term disability coverage, for both reported claims and claims related to insured events that the company estimates have been incurred but have not yet been reported. as long-term disability reserves are long-tail claim liabilities, they are discounted because the payment pattern and the ultimate costs are reasonably fixed and determinable on an individual claim basis. the company held $6,437 and $6,494 of ltd unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance, as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
reserving methodology how reserves are set - a disabled life reserve ("dlr") is calculated for each ltd claim. the dlr for each claim is the expected present value of all future benefit payments starting with the known monthly gross benefit which is reduced for estimates of the expected claim recovery due to return to work or claimant death, offsets from other income including offsets from social security benefits, and discounting where the discount rate is tied to expected investment yield at the time the claim is incurred. estimated future benefit payments represent the monthly income benefit that is paid until recovery, death or expiration of benefits. claim recoveries are estimated based on claim characteristics such as age and diagnosis and represent an estimate of benefits that will terminate, generally as a result of the claimant returning to work or being deemed able to return to work. for claims recently closed due to recovery, a portion of the dlr is retained for the possibility that the claim reopens upon further evidence of disability. in addition, a reserve for estimated unpaid claim expenses is included in the dlr.
the dlr also includes a liability for potential payments to pending claimants beyond the elimination period who have not yet been approved for ltd. in these cases, the present value of future benefits is reduced for the likelihood of claim denial based on company experience.
estimates for ibnr claims are made by applying completion factors to expected emerged experience by line of business. included within ibnr are bulk reserves for claims reported but still within the waiting period until benefits are paid, typically 3 or 6 months depending on the contract. completion factors are derived from standard actuarial techniques using triangles that display historical claim count emergence by incurral month. these estimates are reviewed for reasonableness and are adjusted for current trends and other factors expected to cause a change in claim emergence. the reserves include an estimate of unpaid claim expenses, including a provision for the cost of initial set-up of the claim once reported.
for all products, including ltd, there is a period generally ranging from two to twelve months, depending on the product and line of business, where emerged claims for an incurral year are not yet credible enough to be a basis for estimating reserves. in these cases, the ultimate loss is estimated using earned premium multiplied by an expected loss ratio based on pricing assumptions of claim incidence, claim severity, and earned pricing.
impact of key assumptions on reserves the key assumptions affecting long-term disability, which is the largest reserve within group benefits, include:
discount rate - the discount rate is the interest rate at which expected future claim cash flows are discounted to determine the present value. a higher selected discount rate results in a lower reserve. if the discount rate is higher than our future investment returns, our invested assets will not earn enough investment income to cover the discount accretion on our claim reserves which would negatively affect our profits. for each incurral year, the discount rates are estimated based on investment yields expected to be earned net of investment expenses. the incurral year is the year in which the claim is incurred and the estimated settlement pattern is determined. once established, discount rates for each incurral year are unchanged except that ltd reserves assumed from the acquisition of aetna's u.s. group life and disability business are all discounted using rates as of the november 1, 2017 acquisition date. the weighted average discount rate on ltd reserves was 3.3% and 3.4% in 2021 and 2020, respectively. had the discount rate for each incurral year been 10 basis points lower at the time they were established, our ltd unpaid loss and loss adjustment expense reserves would be higher by $28, before tax, as of december 31, 2021.
claim termination rates (inclusive of mortality, recoveries, and expiration of benefits) - claim termination rates are an estimate of the rate at which claimants will cease receiving benefits during a given calendar year. terminations result from a number of factors, including death, recoveries and expiration of benefits. the probability that benefits will terminate in each future month for each claim is estimated using a predictive model that uses past company experience, contract provisions, job characteristics and other claimant-specific characteristics such as diagnosis, time since disability began, and age. actual claim termination experience will vary from period to period. over the past 10 years, claim termination rates for a single incurral year have generally increased and have ranged from 5% below to 8% above current assumptions over that time period. for a single recent incurral year (such as 2021), a one percent decrease in our assumption for ltd claim termination rates would increase our reserves by $10. for all incurral years combined, as of december 31, 2021, a one percent decrease in our assumption for our ltd claim
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations termination rates would increase our group benefits unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense reserves by $23.
impact of covid-19 on 2021 results of operations within group benefits, the company experienced excess mortality in its group life business of $583 in 2021, primarily caused by direct and indirect impacts of covid-19. within the group disability business, in 2021 the company recognized $31 of covid-19 related losses from short-term disability claims.
current trends contributing to reserve uncertainty while we have not seen a significant change in claim recovery patterns to date due to covid-19, we have observed delays in the social security administration's processing of disability claims. other potential pandemic-related risks, such as delays in medical care or return-to-work and the emerging risk of long-covid symptoms are being monitored. also, due to the effects on the economy, we could experience an increase in claim incidence on long-term disability claims.
we hedge our interest rate exposure over a three year period at the time we price and sell long-term disability policies and our weighted average discount rate assumption for the 2021 incurral year is down slightly from that of the 2020 incurral year.
|evaluation of goodwill for impairment goodwill balances are reviewed for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that would indicate that a triggering event for a potential impairment has occurred. the recognition and measurement of goodwill impairment is based on the excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit over its estimated fair value, up to the amount of the reporting unit's goodwill.
the estimated fair value of each reporting unit incorporates multiple inputs into discounted cash flow calculations including assumptions that market participants would make in valuing the reporting unit. assumptions include levels of economic capital, future business growth, earnings projections, assets under management for hartford funds and the weighted average cost of capital used for purposes of discounting. decreases in business growth, decreases in earnings projections and increases in the weighted average cost of capital will all cause a reporting unit's fair value to decrease, increasing the possibility of impairment.
a reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. the company's reporting units for which goodwill has been allocated consist of commercial lines, personal lines, group benefits and hartford funds.
the carrying value of goodwill was $1,911 as of december 31, 2021 and was comprised of $659 for commercial lines, $119 for personal lines, $861 for group benefits, and $272 for hartford funds.
the annual goodwill assessment for the reporting units was completed as of october 31, 2021, and resulted in no write-downs of goodwill for the year ended december 31, 2021. all reporting units passed the annual impairment test with a significant margin. for information regarding the 2021 and 2020 impairment tests see note 11 - goodwill & other intangible assets of notes to consolidated financial statements.
|valuation of investments and derivative instruments fixed maturities, equity securities, short-term investments, and derivatives the company generally determines fair values using valuation techniques that use prices, rates, and other relevant information evident from market transactions involving identical or similar instruments. valuation techniques also include, where appropriate, estimates of future cash flows that are converted into a single discounted amount using current market expectations. the company uses a "waterfall" approach comprised of the following pricing sources which are listed in priority order: quoted prices, prices from third-party pricing services, internal matrix pricing, and independent broker quotes. the fair value of derivative instruments is determined primarily using a discounted cash flow model or option model technique and incorporate counterparty credit risk. in some cases, quoted market prices for exchange-traded transactions and transactions cleared through central clearing houses ("otc-cleared") may be used and in other cases independent broker quotes may be used. for further discussion, see the fixed maturities, equity securities, short-term investments and derivatives section in note 5 - fair value measurements of notes to consolidated financial statements.
evaluation of credit losses on fixed maturities, afs and acl on mortgage loans each quarter, a committee of investment and accounting professionals evaluates investments to determine if a credit loss is present for fixed maturities, afs or an acl is required for mortgage loans. this evaluation is a quantitative and qualitative process, which is subject to risks and uncertainties. for further discussion of the accounting policies, see the significant investment accounting policies section in note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements. for a discussion of credit losses recorded, see the credit losses on fixed maturities, afs and intent-to-sell impairments and acl on mortgage loans
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations sections within the investment portfolio risks and risk management section of the md&a.
|contingencies relating to corporate litigation and regulatory matters management evaluates each contingent matter separately. a loss is recorded if probable and reasonably estimable. management establishes reserves for these contingencies at its "best estimate," or, if no one number within the range of possible losses is more probable than any other, the company records an estimated reserve at the low end of the range of losses.
the company has a quarterly monitoring process involving legal and accounting professionals. legal personnel first identify outstanding corporate litigation and regulatory matters posing a reasonable possibility of loss. these matters are then jointly reviewed by accounting and legal personnel to evaluate the facts and changes since the last review in order to determine if a provision for loss should be recorded or adjusted, the amount that should be recorded, and the appropriate disclosure. the outcomes of certain contingencies currently being evaluated by the company, which relate to corporate litigation and regulatory matters, are inherently difficult to predict, and the reserves that have been established for the estimated settlement amounts are subject to significant changes. management expects that the ultimate liability, if any, with respect to such lawsuits, after consideration of provisions made for estimated losses, will not be material to the consolidated financial condition of the company. in view of the uncertainties regarding the outcome of these matters, as well as the tax-deductibility of payments, it is possible that the ultimate cost to the company of these matters could exceed the reserve by an amount that would have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated results of operations and liquidity in a particular quarterly or annual period.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations segment operating summaries
|commercial lines - results of operations underwriting summary
2021                                                                     2020            2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
written premiums                                  $10,041          $8,969          $8,452                                12              %                             6              %
change in unearned premium reserve                    500              59             162                                               nm                           (64             %)
earned premiums                                     9,541           8,910           8,290                                 7              %                             7              %
fee income                                             34              30              35                                13              %                           (14             %)
losses and loss adjustment expenses current accident year before catastrophes           5,407           5,488           4,913                                (1             %)                            12              %
current accident year catastrophes [1]                496             397             323                                25              %                            23              %
prior accident year development [1]                   141              44            (44)                                               nm                                           nm total losses and loss adjustment expenses           6,044           5,929           5,192                                 2              %                            14              %
amortization of dac                                 1,398           1,397           1,296                                 -              %                             8              %
underwriting expenses                               1,678           1,594           1,600                                 5              %                             -              %
amortization of other intangible assets                29              28              18                                 4              %                            56              %
dividends to policyholders                             24              29              30                               (17             %)                            (3             %)
underwriting gain (loss)                              402            (37)             189                                               nm                          (120             %)
net servicing income                                   13               4               2                                               nm                           100              %
net investment income [2]                           1,502           1,160           1,129                                29              %                             3              %
net realized gains (losses) [2]                       260            (60)             271                                               nm                          (122             %)
loss on reinsurance transaction                         -               -            (91)                                 -              %                           100              %
other (expenses)                                     (18)            (35)            (38)                                49              %                             8              %
income before income taxes                          2,159           1,032           1,462                               109              %                           (29             %)
income tax expense [3]                                402             176             270                               128              %                           (35             %)
net income                                         $1,757            $856          $1,192                               105              %                           (28             %)
[1]for additional information on current accident year catastrophes and prior accident year development, see md&a - critical accounting estimates, property and casualty insurance product reserves development, net of reinsurance and note 12- reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements.
[2]for discussion of consolidated investment results, see md&a - investment results.
[3]for discussion of income taxes, see note 17 - income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations premium measures
2021          2020          2019
small commercial:
net new business premium                                                               $673          $557          $646
policy count retention [1]                                                               84   %        83   %        82   %
policy count retention, net of cancellations [1]                                         87   %        84   %        83   %
renewal written price increases                                                         3.0   %       2.0   %       1.7   %
renewal earned price increases                                                          2.6   %       2.1   %       1.9   %
policies in-force as of end of period (in thousands)                                  1,366         1,283         1,291
middle market [2]:
net new business premium                                                               $532          $479          $584
policy count retention [1]                                                               82   %        78   %        81   %
policy count retention, net of cancellations [1]                                         83   %        78   %        81   %
renewal written price increases                                                         6.0   %       7.7   %       3.9   %
renewal earned price increases                                                          7.3   %       6.5   %       2.8   %
global specialty:
global specialty gross new business premium [3]                                        $912          $752
u.s. global specialty renewal written price increases                                  11.5   %      17.3   %
u.s. global specialty renewal earned price increases                                   16.6   %      13.0   %
international global specialty renewal written price increases [4]                     19.6   %      41.8   %
international global specialty renewal earned price increases [4]                      42.8   %      41.3   %
[1]policy count retention represents the ratio of the number of renewal policies issued during the current year period divided by the number of policies issued in the previous calendar year period before considering policies cancelled subsequent to renewal. policy count retention, net of cancellations, represents the ratio of the number of renewal policies issued net of cancellations during the current year period divided by the number of policies issued net of cancellations in the previous calendar year period.
[2]except for net new business premium, metrics for middle market exclude loss sensitive and programs businesses.
[3]excludes global re and continental europe operations and is before ceded reinsurance.
[4]excludes offshore energy policies, political violence and terrorism policies, and any business under which the managing agent of our lloyd's syndicate delegates underwriting authority to coverholders and other third parties.
underwriting ratios
2021                                                                                                                    2020          2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
loss and loss adjustment expense ratio current accident year before catastrophes                                                             56.7          61.6          59.3                             (4.9)                                          2.3
current accident year catastrophes                                                                     5.2           4.5           3.9                               0.7                                          0.6
prior accident year development                                                                        1.5           0.5         (0.5)                               1.0                                          1.0
total loss and loss adjustment expense ratio                                                          63.3          66.5          62.6                             (3.2)                                          3.9
expense ratio                                                                                         32.2          33.5          34.7                             (1.3)                                        (1.2)
policyholder dividend ratio                                                                            0.3           0.3           0.4                                 -                                        (0.1)
combined ratio                                                                                        95.8         100.4          97.7                             (4.6)                                          2.7
impact of current accident year catastrophes and prior year development                              (6.7)         (5.0)         (3.4)                             (1.7)                                        (1.6)
impact of current accident year change in loss reserves upon acquisition of a business [1]               -             -         (0.3)                                 -                                          0.3
underlying combined ratio                                                                             89.1          95.5          94.0                             (6.4)                                          1.5
[1]upon acquisition of navigators group and a review of navigators insurers reserves, the year ended december 31, 2019 included $68 of prior accident year reserve increases and $29 of current accident year reserve increases which were excluded for the purposes of the underlying combined ratio calculation.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations net income year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
net income increased primarily due to a change from an underwriting loss to an underwriting gain, higher net investment income and a change from net realized losses to net realized gains. for further discussion of investment results, see md&a - investment results.
underwriting gain (loss)
year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
underwriting gain in 2021 compared with an underwriting loss in 2020 with the improvement primarily due to lower current accident year losses before catastrophes, partially offset by higher net unfavorable prior accident year development and higher current accident year catastrophes. the decrease in current accident year losses before catastrophes was primarily driven by $278 before tax of covid-19 incurred losses in 2020 compared with $31 before tax of covid-19 incurred losses in 2021, partially offset by the impact of higher earned premium on incurred losses. underwriting expenses increased due to higher contingent and supplemental commissions, incentive compensation, technology costs and marketing expenses, partially offset by a decrease in the allowance for credit losses on premiums receivable in the 2021 period compared to an increase in the 2020 period and savings from hartford next initiatives.
earned premiums
[1]other of $42, $43 and $43 for 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively, is included in the total.
written premiums
[1]other written premiums of $41, $41 and $43 for the year ended december 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively, is included in the total.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
earned premiums increased in 2021 due to written premium increases over the prior 12 months as well as due to higher premiums from audits and endorsements, principally in workers' compensation due to an increasing exposure base from higher payrolls as the economy recovers from the pandemic.
written premiums increased in 2021 driven by growth in small commercial, middle & large commercial and global specialty across most lines of business.
the company recognized renewal written pricing increases in all lines in 2021, with moderating price increases across most lines in middle market and global specialty. in global specialty, our u.s. wholesale book achieved an approximate 16% renewal written price increase, led by excess casualty. global specialty international lines achieved a nearly 20% price increase, led by d&o. in small commercial, renewal written price increases were higher in 2021 than 2020, with workers' compensation pricing slightly positive in 2021 due to rising wages, along with mid-single digit increases in most other lines. in middle market, the company recognized high single-digit to low double-digit rate increases in most middle market lines other than workers' compensation, which experienced low single-digit written pricing increases.
written premium increased across all three lines of business.
•small commercial written premium increased in 2021 driven by exposure growth from higher audit and endorsement premium, higher policy count retention, renewal written pricing increases in all lines as well as new business growth. written premium grew in all lines of business, with the most significant growth in package business and workers' compensation.
•middle & large commercial written premium increased in 2021 driven by exposure growth from higher audit and endorsement premium, improved retention, renewal written pricing increases in all lines as well as new business growth. written premium grew in most lines of business, including general industries, national accounts, complex liability solutions and specialized industries.
•global specialty written premium increased in 2021 driven by continued strong written pricing increases, higher retention and growth in gross new written premium. written premium grew in all lines except international, with the most significant growth in u.s. wholesale, financial lines and global reinsurance.
current accident year loss and lae ratio before catastrophes year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
current accident year loss and lae ratio before catastrophes decreased in 2021 primarily due to lower covid-19 incurred losses in 2021 as well as due to lower loss ratios in global specialty and workers' compensation. the lower loss ratios in global specialty were largely the result of rate and underwriting actions to improve profitability in those lines and was driven by u.s. financial lines, global reinsurance, u.s. wholesale and international.
2021 included covid-19 incurred losses of $31 before tax, including losses of $20 in workers' compensation and $11 in financial and other lines. 2020 included covid-19 incurred losses of $278 before tax, including losses of $141 in property, $66 in workers' compensation, net of favorable frequency on other workers' compensation claims, and $71 in financial and other lines.
included in the $141 of covid-19 property incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses in 2020 were $101 of losses arising from a small number of property policies that do not require direct physical loss or damage and from policies intended to cover specific business needs, including crisis management and performance disruption as well as a reserve of $40 for legal defense costs. workers' compensation covid-19 incurred losses include claims in both states with presumptive coverage and in other states where the claimant must prove their covid-19 illness was contracted at work. financial lines covid-19 claims include exposures in d&o, e&o and employment practices liability and the recessionary impacts on the surety book of business.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations catastrophes and unfavorable (favorable) prior accident year development year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
current accident year catastrophe losses for 2021 included losses from tornado, wind and hail events, mostly concentrated in the midwest, texas and southeast as well as hurricane ida, and february winter storms primarily in the south.
current accident year catastrophe losses for 2020 were primarily from civil unrest, a number of hurricanes and tropical storms, pacific coast wildfires, and northeast windstorms as well as tornado, wind and hail events in the south, midwest and central plains.
prior accident year development was net unfavorable for 2021. reserve development in 2021 included an increase in general liability that included a reserve increase related to the settlement with boy scouts of america on sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims, largely offset by reserve decreases for workers' compensation, package business, catastrophes, commercial property and bond.
net unfavorable reserve development for 2020 included reserve increases for general liability driven primarily by increases in reserves for sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims, and increases in commercial automobile liability reserves, partially offset by net reserve decreases for catastrophes, workers' compensation and package business. partially offsetting was favorable development on prior year catastrophe reserves in 2020 due to recognizing a $29 before tax subrogation benefit from a settlement with pg&e over certain of the 2017 and 2018 california wildfires and a reduction in estimated catastrophe losses from a number of wind and hail events that occurred in 2017, 2018 and 2019.
prior accident year development in both 2021 and 2020 included reserve increases related to navigators group on 2018 and prior accident years that was economically ceded to nico but for which the benefit was not recognized in earnings as it has been recorded as a deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance.
2022 outlook the company expects commercial lines written premiums in 2022 to be 4% to 5% higher than written premiums in 2021, with growth across small commercial, middle & large commercial, and global specialty. in small commercial, policy retention is expected to remain strong with new business growth across all lines of business. in middle & large commercial, we expect written premium growth in our general industries book of business driven by improved retention and new business growth, as well as an increase in new business in specialized industries. in global specialty, premium growth in 2022 is expected primarily in wholesale and financial lines in the u.s., as well as in global reinsurance and international.
in 2022, management expects positive renewal written pricing in most lines, though workers' compensation pricing is expected to be flat to slightly negative. across the rest of commercial lines, mid single-digit rate increases are expected to continue in most lines with written pricing increases in the high single-digits in wholesale and ocean marine. written pricing increases in 2022 in lines other than workers' compensation are driven by a number of factors including the effects of social inflation, increased catastrophe losses due to changing weather patterns, and a prolonged low interest rate environment, that puts added pressure on the need for underwriting profits to make up for the lost investment yield.
the company expects the commercial lines combined ratio will be 90.0 to 92.0 in 2022, compared to 95.8 in 2021, primarily due to lower current accident year catastrophe losses expected in 2022, and the effect of a prior accident year reserve increase and covid-19 incurred claims in 2021. apart from lower expected covid-19 claims, we expect earned pricing increases in excess of loss costs in most lines except workers' compensation, while the expense ratio is expected to improve driven, in part, by additional savings from hartford next initiatives. the underlying combined ratio is expected to be 86.5 to 88.5 in 2022 compared to 89.1 in 2021.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
| personal lines - results of operations underwriting summary
2021                                                                     2020            2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
written premiums                                   $2,908          $2,936          $3,131                                (1             %)                            (6             %)
change in unearned premium reserve                   (46)            (72)            (67)                                36              %                            (7             %)
earned premiums                                     2,954           3,008           3,198                                (2             %)                            (6             %)
fee income                                             32              34              37                                (6             %)                            (8             %)
losses and loss adjustment expenses current accident year before catastrophes           1,840           1,695           2,087                                 9              %                           (19             %)
current accident year catastrophes [1]                168             209             140                               (20             %)                            49              %
prior accident year development [1]                 (144)           (438)            (42)                                67              %                                           nm total losses and loss adjustment expenses           1,864           1,466           2,185                                27              %                           (33             %)
amortization of dac                                   230             244             259                                (6             %)                            (6             %)
underwriting expenses                                 615             591             625                                 4              %                            (5             %)
amortization of other intangible assets                 2               4               6                               (50             %)                           (33             %)
underwriting gain                                     275             737             160                               (63             %)                                           nm net servicing income [2]                               19              14              13                                36              %                             8              %
net investment income [3]                             157             157             179                                 -              %                           (12             %)
net realized gains (losses) [3]                        29             (5)              43                                               nm                          (112             %)
other income (expenses)                                 -             (1)             (1)                               100              %                             -              %
income before income taxes                            480             902             394                               (47             %)                           129              %
income tax expense [4]                                 95             184              76                               (48             %)                           142              %
net income                                           $385            $718            $318                               (46             %)                           126              %
[1]for discussion of current accident year catastrophes and prior accident year development, see md&a - critical accounting estimates, property and casualty insurance product reserves, net of reinsurance and note 12 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses.
[2]includes servicing revenues of $80, $81, and $83 for 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively and includes servicing expenses of $61, $67, and $70 for 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
[3]for discussion of consolidated investment results, see md&a - investment results.
[4]for discussion of income taxes, see note 17 - income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements.
written and earned premiums written premiums                 2021            2020            2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
product line automobile                 $1,997          $2,003          $2,176                                 -              %                            (8             %)
homeowners                    911             933             955                                (2             %)                            (2             %)
total                      $2,908          $2,936          $3,131                                (1             %)                            (6             %)
earned premiums product line automobile                 $2,035          $2,058          $2,221                                (1             %)                            (7             %)
homeowners                    919             950             977                                (3             %)                            (3             %)
total                      $2,954          $3,008          $3,198                                (2             %)                            (6             %)
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations premium measures
2021                                                                          2020          2019
policies in-force end of period (in thousands)
automobile                                                 1,317         1,369         1,422
homeowners                                                   773           826           877
new business written premium automobile                                                  $219          $223          $220
homeowners                                                   $60           $63           $73
policy count retention [1]
automobile                                                    84   %        84   %        83   %
homeowners                                                    85   %        84   %        83   %
policy count retention, net of cancellations [1]
automobile                                                    84   %        86   %        85   %
homeowners                                                    84   %        86   %        85   %
renewal written price increase automobile                                                   2.2   %       2.4   %       4.6   %
homeowners                                                   8.5   %       6.4   %       6.5   %
renewal earned price increase automobile                                                   2.1   %       3.4   %       5.5   %
homeowners                                                   8.1   %       5.7   %       8.4   %
[1]policy count retention represents the ratio of the number of renewal policies issued during the current year period divided by the number of policies issued in the previous calendar period before considering policies cancelled subsequent to renewal. policy count retention, net of cancellations, represents the ratio of the number of renewal policies issued net of cancellations during the current year period divided by the number of policies issued net of cancellations in the previous calendar period.
underwriting ratios
2021                                                                                                 2020          2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
loss and loss adjustment expense ratio current accident year before catastrophes                                        62.3            56.3          65.3                               6.0                                        (9.0)
current accident year catastrophes                                                5.7             6.9           4.4                             (1.2)                                          2.5
prior accident year development                                                 (4.9)          (14.6)         (1.3)                               9.7                                       (13.3)
total loss and loss adjustment expense ratio                                     63.1            48.7          68.3                              14.4                                       (19.6)
expense ratio                                                                    27.6            26.8          26.7                               0.8                                          0.1
combined ratio                                                                   90.7            75.5          95.0                              15.2                                       (19.5)
impact of current accident year catastrophes and prior year development         (0.8)             7.7         (3.1)                             (8.5)                                         10.8
underlying combined ratio                                                        89.9            83.1          91.9                               6.8                                        (8.8)
product combined ratios
2021                                                2020        2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
automobile combined ratio                      92.9        85.5        96.6                               7.4                                       (11.1)
underlying combined ratio           95.9        88.0        97.9                               7.9                                        (9.9)
homeowners combined ratio                      86.8        54.2        91.7                              32.6                                       (37.5)
underlying combined ratio           76.5        72.5        78.3                               4.0                                        (5.8)
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations net income year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
net income decreased in 2021, largely driven by a decrease in underwriting gain, partially offset by a change from net realized losses to net realized gains and an increase in net servicing income.
underwriting gain year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
underwriting gain decreased in 2021, primarily due to a decrease in favorable prior accident year catastrophe reserve development and higher current accident year personal automobile loss costs. also contributing was an increase in underwriting expenses and higher current accident year non-catastrophe property losses, partially offset by lower current accident year catastrophe losses. contributing to the increase in underwriting expenses in 2021 was higher costs for aarp direct marketing, incentive compensation, and technology, partially offset by cost savings from the hartford next initiative.
earned premiums year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
earned premiums decreased in 2021 due to the effect of a decline in written premium over the prior twelve months in both agency channels and in aarp direct due to non-renewals exceeding new business. the decrease was partially offset by the effect of $81 of premium credits given to automobile policyholders in the second quarter of 2020 in recognition of shelter-in-place guidelines that reduced miles driven in 2020.
written premiums written premiums decreased in automobile for 2021 due to the effect of non-renewed premium exceeding new business, partially offset by the effect of the premium credits given in the 2020 period. written premium declined in homeowners due to the effect of non-renewed premium exceeding new business. for automobile and homeowners new business decreased in 2021 compared to the prior year.
renewal written pricing increases were down modestly in automobile for 2021 while renewal written pricing increases for homeowners were higher in 2021 in response to recent loss cost trends.
policy count retention was flat for automobile and was up slightly for homeowners.
policies in-force decreased in the 2021 period in both automobile and homeowners driven by not generating enough new business to offset the loss of non-renewed policies.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratio before catastrophes year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
current accident year loss and lae ratio before catastrophes increased in 2021 by 7.1 points in automobile and 3.1 points in homeowners. the increase in automobile was due to higher claim frequency, due to an increase in miles driven, and an increase in average claim severity. for 2021, the homeowners current accident year loss and lae ratio before catastrophes increased due to an increase in weather and non-weather severity, partially offset by the effect of earned pricing increases. contributing to the increase in homeowners severity was the effect of higher rebuilding costs and a greater number of large losses.
current accident year catastrophes and unfavorable (favorable) prior accident year development year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
current accident year catastrophe losses decreased in 2021 compared to the prior year. current accident year catastrophe losses for 2021 included losses from hurricane ida, tropical storms, california wildfires, and february winter storms as well as losses largely from tornado, wind and hail events, mostly concentrated in texas, the southeast, midwest and mountain west.
current accident year catastrophe losses for 2020 were primarily from pacific coast wildfires, tropical storm isaias, hurricane laura, and various tornado, wind and hail events in the south, midwest and central plains.
prior accident year development was less favorable in 2021, with the decrease largely due to lower reserve reductions for prior year catastrophes. prior accident year development was favorable in 2021, with a reduction in personal automobile liability and a decrease in catastrophe reserves, driven by reductions in estimates for prior year hurricanes, tornado & hail and wildfires, including the benefit of higher expected subrogation recoveries related to the 2017 and 2018 california wildfires. prior accident year development was favorable in 2020 with reserve reductions in catastrophes and, to a lesser extent, personal automobile liability. the reduction in catastrophe reserves for 2020 was driven by lower estimated losses for the 2017 and 2018 california wildfires, including a $260 subrogation benefit from pg&e, as well as a reduction in losses for various 2018 and 2019 wind and hail events.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2022 outlook written premium is expected to decrease in 2022 compared with 2021 as non-renewal of premium more than offsets new business. while new business conversions are expected to increase with the continued rollout of the prevail automobile and home product in additional states, new business premium is expected to be lower despite expected higher conversion rates as the company transitions from 12-month automobile policies to 6-month automobile policies for aarp members.
in 2022, the company expects written pricing increases in automobile to be in the low to mid-single digits throughout the year as the effect of recent claim frequency and severity trends are reflected in rate filings. written pricing increases in homeowners are expected to be in the mid-to-high single digits.
the company expects the combined ratio for personal lines will be 97.0 to 99.0 in 2022 compared to 90.7 in 2021 as 2021
benefited from claim frequency that was still below pre-pandemic levels as well as from lower current accident year catastrophe losses and favorable prior accident year development. the underlying combined ratio for personal lines is expected to be 90.0 to 92.0 in 2022 compared to 89.9 in 2021 due to an increase in the current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratio before catastrophes in both automobile and homeowners with supply chain disruptions causing an increase in severity through 2022. for automobile, we expect the underlying combined ratio to increase driven by an increase in both claim frequency and severity. the underlying combined ratio for homeowners is also expected to increase in 2022, primarily driven by a return to a higher, more normal, level of non-catastrophe weather loss experience, partially offset by the effect of earned pricing increases.
| property &amp; casualty other operations - results of operations underwriting summary
2021                                                                   2020          2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
change in unearned premium reserve                   $-              $-          $(2)                                 -              %                           100   %
earned premiums                                       -               -             2                                 -              %                          (100   %)
losses and loss adjustment expenses prior accident year development [1]                 202             258            21                               (22             %)                                           nm total losses and loss adjustment expenses           202             258            21                               (22             %)                                           nm underwriting expenses                                 8              11            12                               (27             %)                            (8   %)
underwriting loss                                 (210)           (269)          (31)                                22              %                                           nm net investment income [2]                            75              55            84                                36              %                           (35   %)
net realized gains (losses) [2]                      13             (1)            20                                               nm                          (105   %)
other income (expenses)                             (1)               1             -                                               nm                                           nm income (loss) before income taxes                 (123)           (214)            73                                43              %                                           nm income tax expense (benefit) [3]                   (28)            (46)            12                                39              %                                           nm net income (loss)                                 $(95)          $(168)           $61                                43              %                                           nm
[1]for discussion of prior accident year development, see md&a - critical accounting estimates, property and casualty insurance product reserves, net of reinsurance and note 12 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements.
[2]for discussion of consolidated investment results, see md&a - investment results.
[3]for discussion of income taxes, see note 17 - income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements.
85
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations net income (loss)
year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
net loss in 2021 decreased compared to 2020, primarily due to lower unfavorable prior accident year reserve development, higher net investment income and a change from net realized losses to net realized gains.
underwriting loss in 2021 decreased from 2020 primarily due to a lower increase in a&e reserves. unfavorable prior accident year development in 2021 included a $155 increase in a&e reserves, an increase in reserves for sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims, primarily on assumed reinsurance, and a $14 increase in ulae reserves, partially offset by a reduction in the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. unfavorable prior accident year development in 2020 primarily included a $208 increase in a&e reserves, and a $35 increase in ulae reserves. in both periods, the increase in ulae reserves was primarily driven by the higher estimate for a&e claims.
before nico reinsurance in 2021, a&e reserves were increased by $155 in p&c other operations, including $104 for asbestos and $51 for environmental. cumulative adverse a&e reserve development on both ongoing operations and p&c other operations totaled $1,015 through december 31, 2021 and since this amount exceeds ceded premium paid for the a&e adc of $650, the company has recognized a $365 deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance as of december 31, 2021, within other liabilities, including a $155 increase in deferred gain in 2021 recognized within p&c other operations.
asbestos reserves prior accident year development in 2021 before nico reinsurance of $104 was primarily due to an increase in claim settlement rates, claim settlement values, and defense costs, which more than offset the impact of a decline in claim filing frequency. also contributing was an increase in the company's estimated share of liability under pending or potential cost sharing agreements and settlements.
environmental reserves prior accident year development in 2021 before nico reinsurance of $51 was primarily due to the settlement of a large coal ash remediation claim, an increase in legal defense costs and higher site remediation costs.
|group benefits - results of operations operating summary
2021                                                                           2020            2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
premiums and other considerations                        $5,687          $5,536          $5,603                                 3              %                            (1             %)
net investment income [1]                                   550             448             486                                23              %                            (8             %)
net realized gains [1]                                      130              22              34                                               nm                           (35             %)
total revenues                                            6,367           6,006           6,123                                 6              %                            (2             %)
benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses             4,612           4,137           4,055                                11              %                             2              %
amortization of dac                                          40              50              54                               (20             %)                            (7             %)
insurance operating costs and other expenses              1,373           1,308           1,311                                 5              %                             -              %
amortization of other intangible assets                      40              40              41                                 -              %                            (2             %)
total benefits, losses and expenses                       6,065           5,535           5,461                                10              %                             1              %
income before income taxes                                  302             471             662                               (36             %)                           (29             %)
income tax expense [2]                                       53              88             126                               (40             %)                           (30             %)
net income                                                 $249            $383            $536                               (35             %)                           (29             %)
[1]for discussion of consolidated investment results, see md&a - investment results.
[2]for discussion of income taxes, see note 17 - income taxes of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
86
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations premiums and other considerations
2021                                                                           2020            2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
fully insured - ongoing premiums                         $5,502          $5,305          $5,416                                 4              %                            (2             %)
buyout premiums                                               2              56               7                               (96             %)                                           nm fee income                                                  183             175             180                                 5              %                            (3             %)
total premiums and other considerations                  $5,687          $5,536          $5,603                                 3              %                            (1             %)
fully insured ongoing sales, excluding buyouts             $760            $717            $647                                 6              %                            11              %
ratios, excluding buyouts
2021                                                     2020          2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
group disability loss ratio            68.2   %      66.1   %      67.3   %                                          2.1                                        (1.2)
group life loss ratio                 101.9   %      87.5   %      79.5   %                                         14.4                                          8.0
total loss ratio                       81.1   %      74.5   %      72.3   %                                          6.6                                          2.2
expense ratio [1]                      25.5   %      25.2   %      24.5   %                                          0.3                                          0.7
[1]integration and transaction costs related to the acquisition of aetna's u.s. group life and disability business are not included in the expense ratio.
margin
2021                                                                                              2020           2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
net income margin                                                              3.9    %       6.4    %       8.8    %                                        (2.5)                                        (2.4)
adjustments to reconcile net income margin to core earnings margin:
net realized losses (gains) excluded from core earnings, before tax           (2.0   %)      (0.4   %)      (0.5   %)                                        (1.6)                                          0.1
integration and other non-recurring m&amp;a costs, before tax                  0.1    %       0.3    %       0.6    %                                        (0.2)                                        (0.3)
income tax benefit                                                             0.5    %         -    %         -    %                                          0.5                                          0.0
impact of excluding buyouts from denominator of core earnings margin             -    %       0.1    %         -    %                                        (0.1)                                          0.1
core earnings margin                                                           2.5    %       6.4    %       8.9    %                                        (3.9)                                        (2.5)
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations net income year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
net income decreased largely driven by higher excess mortality and short-term disability losses and higher operating expenses, partially offset by an increase in net realized gains, an increase in net investment income and increased earned premiums.
insurance operating costs and other expenses were higher year over year as an increase in incentive compensation, technology costs and claim costs to handle elevated claim levels resulting from the pandemic was partially offset by lower staffing and other costs due to the hartford next operational transformation and cost reduction program and a decrease in integration costs.
in addition, 2021 included a decrease in the allowance for credit losses on premiums receivable compared to an increase in the allowance in the prior year.
fully insured ongoing premiums year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
fully insured ongoing premiums increased primarily due to an increase in exposure on existing accounts as our customers emerge from the pandemic, as well as strong persistency and sales.
fully insured ongoing sales, excluding buyouts increased with increases in group disability and other partially offset by a decrease in group life.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ratios year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
total loss ratio increased 6.6 points for 2021 reflecting a higher group life loss ratio and higher group disability loss ratio. the group life loss ratio increased 14.4 points driven by a 14.5 point increase in excess mortality claims compared to the twelve month period ended december 31, 2020. for the twelve month periods ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, excess mortality losses were $583 and $239, respectively. the group disability loss ratio increased 2.1 points over the twelve-month period ended december 31, 2020. both the short-term and long-term disability loss ratios reflect increased claim incidence especially compared to the favorable incidence levels experienced during the early stages of the pandemic. the increased claim incidence was partially offset by a higher favorable new york paid family leave adjustment recognized in the 2021 period.
expense ratio increased 0.3 points in 2021 driven by an increase in incentive compensation, technology costs and claim costs to handle elevated claim levels resulting from the pandemic, partially offset by lower staffing and other costs as a result of the hartford next operational transformation and cost reduction program, and higher earned premiums. also included was a decrease in the allowance for credit losses on premiums receivable compared to an increase in the allowance in the prior year period.
2022 outlook the company expects group benefits fully insured ongoing premiums to increase approximately 2% in 2022 due to higher book persistency and continued strong sales. we expect net income in 2022 to benefit from lower excess mortality and pandemic related short-term disability losses, partially offset by the effects of downward pressure on pricing due to recent historical favorable long-term disability claim incidence, an expectation of higher claim incidence and less favorable recoveries on long-term disability claims in 2022 and lower expected investment yields. for 2022, we have assumed excess mortality losses of $100 to $200 before tax and covid-19 short-term disability losses of approximately $25 before tax. the level of excess mortality losses is subject to significant uncertainty as it is dependent on a number of factors difficult to predict including, among others, the ultimate vaccination rate of the population, the continued effectiveness of the vaccines, the potential spread of new covid-19 variants, the percentage of those infected who are of working age and the strain on the health care system preventing timely treatment of chronic illnesses. compared to the net income margin of 3.9% in 2021, the net income margin in 2022 will largely depend on the level of excess mortality claims and other covid-19 impacts. based on the assumed range of excess mortality and covid-19 short-term disability losses, the core earnings margin is expected to be 3.1% to 5.4% in 2022 compared to the 2.5% core earnings margin reported in 2021.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
|hartford funds - results of operations operating summary
2021                                                                                                       2020              2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
fee income and other revenue                                                       $1,189              $989              $999                                20              %                            (1             %)
net investment income                                                                   5                 4                 7                                25              %                           (43             %)
net realized gains                                                                      4                 8                 5                               (50             %)                            60              %
total revenues                                                                      1,198             1,001             1,011                                20              %                            (1             %)
amortization of dac                                                                    12                14                12                               (14             %)                            17              %
operating costs and other expenses                                                    913               773               813                                18              %                            (5             %)
total benefits, losses and expenses                                                   925               787               825                                18              %                            (5             %)
income before income taxes                                                            273               214               186                                28              %                            15              %
income tax expense [1]                                                                 56                44                37                                27              %                            19              %
net income                                                                           $217              $170              $149                                28              %                            14              %
daily average total hartford funds segment aum                                   $151,347          $120,908          $117,914                                25              %                             3              %
return on assets ("roa") [2]                                                         14.3              14.1              12.5                                              0.2                                          1.6
adjustments to reconcile roa to roa, core earnings:
effect of net realized gains, excluded from core earnings, before tax               (0.3)             (0.7)             (0.3)                                              0.4                                        (0.4)
effect of income tax expense                                                          0.1               0.1                 -                                              0.0                                          0.1
return on assets ("roa"), core earnings [2]                                          14.1              13.5              12.2                                              0.6                                          1.3
[1]for discussion of income taxes, see note 17 - income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements.
[2]represents annualized earnings divided by a daily average of assets under management, as measured in basis points.
hartford funds segment aum
2021                                                                                             2020              2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
mutual fund and etp aum - beginning of period                           $124,627         $112,533           $91,557                                11              %                            23              %
sales - mutual fund                                                       32,399           28,604            22,479                                13              %                            27              %
redemptions - mutual fund                                               (28,653)         (31,412)          (23,624)                                 9              %                           (33             %)
net flows - etp                                                              121            (276)             1,332                               144              %                          (121             %)
net flows - mutual fund and etp                                            3,867          (3,084)               187                                               nm                                           nm change in market value and other                                          14,138           15,178            20,789                                (7             %)                           (27             %)
mutual fund and etp aum - end of period                                  142,632          124,627           112,533                                14              %                            11              %
talcott resolution life and annuity separate account aum [1]              15,263           14,809            14,425                                 3              %                             3              %
hartford funds aum - end of period                                      $157,895         $139,436          $126,958                                13              %                            10              %
[1]represents aum of the life and annuity business sold in may 2018 that is still managed by the company's hartford funds segment.
90
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations mutual fund aum by asset class
2021                                                               2020              2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
equity                                     $95,703          $82,123           $71,629                                17              %                            15              %
fixed income                                20,113           17,034            16,130                                18              %                             6              %
multi-strategy investments [1]              23,610           22,645            21,332                                 4              %                             6              %
exchange-traded products                     3,206            2,825             3,442                                13              %                           (18             %)
mutual fund and etp aum                   $142,632         $124,627          $112,533                                14              %                            11              %
[1]includes balanced, allocation, and alternative investment products.
net income year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
net income increased primarily due to higher fee income as a result of an increase in daily average assets under management, partially offset by higher variable costs and the effect of a $12 reduction in contingent consideration payable associated with the acquisition of lattice that was recognized in first quarter 2020.
hartford funds aum december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020
hartford funds aum increased primarily due to net inflows and an increase in market values over the previous twelve months. net inflows on mutual fund and etp of $3.9 billion in 2021 compared to net outflows of $3.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020.
2022 outlook assuming net inflows and continued growth in equity markets in 2022, the company expects net income for hartford funds to increase from 2021.
91
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
|corporate - results of operations operating summary
2021                                                                              2020            2019        increase (decrease) from 2020 to 2021        increase (decrease) from 2019 to 2020
fee income [1]                                                 $50             $49             $50                                 2              %                            (2             %)
net investment income                                           24              22              66                                 9              %                           (67             %)
net realized gains                                              73              22              22                                               nm                             -              %
other revenue                                                 (10)              53              96                              (119             %)                           (45             %)
total revenues                                                 137             146             234                                (6             %)                           (38             %)
benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses [2]                7              15              19                               (53             %)                           (21             %)
insurance operating costs and other expenses [1]                90              76              83                                18              %                            (8             %)
loss on extinguishment of debt [3]                               -               -              90                                 -              %                          (100             %)
interest expense [3]                                           234             236             259                                (1             %)                            (9             %)
restructuring and other costs                                    1             104               -                               (99             %)                                           nm total benefits, losses and expenses                            332             431             451                               (23             %)                            (4             %)
loss before income taxes                                     (195)           (285)           (217)                                                %                           (31             %)
income tax benefit [4]                                        (47)            (63)            (46)                                25              %                           (37             %)
net loss                                                     (148)           (222)           (171)                                                %                           (30             %)
preferred stock dividends                                       21              21              21                                 -              %                             -              %
net loss available to common stockholders                   $(169)          $(243)          $(192)                                30              %                           (27             %)
[1]includes investment management fees and expenses related to managing third party business, including management of a portion of the invested assets of talcott resolution.
[2]includes benefits expense on life and annuity business previously underwritten by the company.
[3]for discussion of debt, see note 14 - debt of notes to consolidated financial statements.
[4]for discussion of income taxes, see note 17 - income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements.
net loss year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
net loss available to common stockholders decreased from 2020 primarily due to a decrease in restructuring and other costs and greater net realized gains, partially offset by a change from income to loss from the company's previously owned equity interest in talcott resolution and higher insurance operating costs and other expenses.
income (loss) from the company's previously owned equity interest in talcott resolution was $(11) and $42, respectively, for 2021 and 2020. the increase in operating costs and other expenses for 2021 was primarily driven by legal and consulting costs associated with the unsolicited proposals from chubb limited to acquire the company, partially offset by lower consulting fees. net realized gains for 2021 included a $46 gain on sale of the company's 9.7% retained equity interest in talcott resolution.
interest expense
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
interest expense in 2021 was relatively consistent with 2020 due to the repayment of our 5.5% senior notes in march
2020 offset by the issuance of the 2.9% senior notes in september 2021.
enterprise risk management the company's board of directors has ultimate responsibility for risk oversight, as described more fully in our proxy statement, while management is tasked with the day-to-day management of the company's risks.
the company manages and monitors risk through risk policies, controls and limits. at the senior management level, an enterprise risk and capital committee ("ercc") oversees the risk profile and risk management practices of the company. as illustrated below, a number of functional committees sit underneath the ercc, providing oversight of specific risk areas and recommending risk mitigation strategies to the ercc.
ercc members ceo (chair)
president chief financial officer chief investment officer chief risk officer chief underwriting officer general counsel others as deemed necessary by the committee chair ercc asset liability committee                 underwriting risk committee               emerging risk steering committee                                  operational risk committee                economic capital executive committee                  model oversight committee the company's enterprise risk management ("erm") function supports the ercc and functional committees, and is tasked with, among other things:
•risk identification and assessment;
•the development of risk appetites, tolerances, and limits;
•risk monitoring; and
•internal and external risk reporting.
the company categorizes its main risks as insurance risk, operational risk and financial risk, each of which is described in more detail below.
|insurance risk insurance risk is the risk of losses of both a catastrophic and non-catastrophic nature on the p&c and group benefits products the company has sold. catastrophe insurance risk is the exposure arising from both natural (e.g., weather, earthquakes, wildfires, pandemics) and man-made catastrophes (e.g., terrorism, cyber-attacks) that create a concentration or aggregation of loss across the company's insurance or asset portfolios.
sources of insurance risk non-catastrophe insurance risks exist within each of the company's segments except hartford funds and include:
•property- risk of loss to personal or commercial property from automobile related accidents, weather, explosions, smoke, shaking, fire, theft, vandalism, inadequate installation, faulty equipment, collisions and falling objects, and/or machinery mechanical breakdown resulting in physical damage and other covered perils.
•liability- risk of loss from automobile related accidents, uninsured and underinsured drivers, lawsuits from accidents, defective products, breach of warranty, negligent acts by professional practitioners, environmental claims, latent exposures, fraud, coercion, forgery, failure to fulfill obligations per contract surety, liability from errors and omissions, losses from political and credit coverages, losses from derivative lawsuits, and other securities actions and covered perils.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•mortality- risk of loss from unexpected trends in insured deaths impacting timing of payouts from group life insurance, personal or commercial automobile related accidents, and death of employees or executives during the course of employment, while on disability, or while collecting workers compensation benefits.
•morbidity- risk of loss to an insured from illness incurred during the course of employment or illness from other covered perils.
•disability- risk of loss incurred from personal or commercial automobile related losses, accidents arising outside of the workplace, injuries or accidents incurred during the course of employment, or from equipment, with each loss resulting in short term or long-term disability payments.
•longevity- risk of loss from increased life expectancy trends among policyholders receiving long-term benefit payments.
•cyber insurance- risk of loss to property, breach of data and business interruption from various types of cyber-attacks.
catastrophe risk primarily arises in the property, automobile, workers' compensation, casualty, group life, and group disability lines of business. not all insurance losses arising from catastrophe risk are categorized as catastrophe losses within the segment operating results. for example, losses arising from the covid-19 pandemic were not categorized as catastrophe losses within either the p&c or group benefits segments as the pandemic was not identified as a catastrophe event by the property claim service in the u.s. see the term current accident year catastrophe ratio within the key performance measures section of md&a for an explanation of how the company defines catastrophe losses in its financial reporting.
impact non-catastrophe insurance risk can arise from unexpected loss experience, underpriced business and/or underestimation of loss reserves and can have significant effects on the company's earnings. catastrophe insurance risk can arise from various unpredictable events and can have significant effects on the company's earnings and may result in losses that could constrain its liquidity.
management the company's policies and procedures for managing these risks include disciplined underwriting protocols, exposure controls, sophisticated risk-based pricing, risk modeling, risk transfer, and capital management strategies. the company has established underwriting guidelines for both individual risks, including individual policy limits, and risks in the aggregate, including aggregate exposure limits by geographic zone and peril. the company uses both internal and third-party models to estimate the potential loss resulting from various catastrophe events and the potential financial impact those events would have on the company's financial position and results of operations across its businesses.
in addition, certain insurance products offered by the hartford provide coverage for losses incurred due to cyber events and the company has assessed and modeled how those products would respond to different events in order to manage its aggregate exposure to losses incurred under the insurance policies we sell. the company models numerous deterministic scenarios including losses caused by malware, data breach, distributed denial of service attacks, intrusions of cloud environments and attacks of power grids.
among specific risk tolerances set by the company, risk limits are set for natural catastrophes, terrorism risk and pandemic risk.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations risk                                                  definition                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  details and company limits natural catastrophe                                   exposure arising from natural phenomena (e.g., earthquakes, wildfires, etc.) that create a concentration or aggregation of loss across the company's insurance or asset portfolios and the inherent volatility of weather or climate pattern changes.       the company generally limits its estimated before tax loss as a result of natural catastrophes for property &amp; casualty exposures from a single 250-year event to less than 30% of the reported capital and surplus of the property and casualty insurance subsidiaries prior to reinsurance and to less than 15% of the reported capital and surplus of the property and casualty insurance subsidiaries after reinsurance. the company generally limits its estimated before tax loss from an aggregation of multiple natural catastrophe events for an all-peril annual aggregate 100-year event to less than 18% reported capital and surplus of the property and casualty insurance subsidiaries after reinsurance. from time to time the estimated loss from natural catastrophes may fluctuate above or below these limits due to changes in modeled loss estimates, exposures or statutory surplus. [1]
the table below represents the estimated before tax catastrophe loss exceedance probabilities, from an aggregate of all catastrophe events occurring in a one-year timeframe before and after reinsurance and from a single hurricane or earthquake occurrence.
modeled loss gross and net of reinsurance [2]
probability of loss exceedance [3]                    gross of reinsurance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        net of reinsurance aggregate annual all-peril (1-in-100) (1.0%)          $2,062                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $1,160
aggregate annual all-peril (1-in-250) (0.4%)          $2,893                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $1,726
hurricane single occurrence (1-in-100) (1.0%)         $1,106                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $459
hurricane single occurrence (1-in-250) (0.4%)         $1,854                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $904
earthquake single occurrence (1-in-100) (1.0%)        $783                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $414
earthquake single occurrence (1-in-250) (0.4%)        $1,482                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $661
terrorism                                             the risk of losses from terrorist attacks, including losses caused by single-site and multi-site conventional attacks, as well as the potential for attacks using nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological weapons ("nbcr").                           enterprise limits for terrorism apply to aggregations of risk across property &amp; casualty, group benefits and specific asset portfolios and are defined based on a deterministic, single-site conventional terrorism attack scenario. the company manages its potential estimated loss from a conventional terrorism loss scenario, up to $2.0 billion net of reinsurance and $2.5 billion gross of reinsurance, before coverage under tripra. in addition, the company monitors exposures monthly and employs both internally developed and vendor-licensed loss modeling tools as part of its risk management discipline. our modeled exposures to conventional terrorist attacks around landmark locations may fluctuate above and below our stated limits.
pandemic                                              the exposure to loss arising from widespread influenza or other pathogens or bacterial infections that create an aggregation of loss across the company's insurance or asset portfolios.                                                                    the company generally limits its estimated before tax loss from a single 250 year pandemic event to less than 18% of the aggregate reported capital and surplus of the property and casualty and group benefits insurance subsidiaries. in evaluating these scenarios, the company assesses the impact on group life, short-term disability, long-term disability and property &amp; casualty claims. while erm has a process to track and manage these limits, from time to time, the estimated loss for pandemics may fluctuate above or below these limits due to changes in modeled loss estimates, exposures, or statutory surplus. in addition, the company assesses losses in the investment portfolio associated with market declines in the event of a widespread pandemic. [1]
[1]for u.s. insurance subsidiaries, reported capital and surplus is equal to actual u.s. statutory capital and surplus. for navigators insurers in non-u.s. jurisdictions, reported capital and surplus is equal to u.s. gaap equity of those subsidiaries less certain assets such as goodwill and intangible assets.
[2]the loss estimates represent total property modeled losses for hurricane single occurrence events, property and workers' compensation modeled losses for earthquake single occurrence events, and modeled aggregate annual losses for natural catastrophes from all perils (hurricane, flood, earthquake, hail, tornado, wildfire and winter storms). the net loss estimates provided assume that the company is able to recover all losses ceded to reinsurers under its reinsurance programs. the company also manages natural catastrophe risk for group life and group disability, which in combination with property and workers compensation loss estimates are subject to separate enterprise risk management net aggregate loss limits as a percent of enterprise surplus.
[3]the modeled probability of loss exceedance represents the likelihood of a loss from single peril occurrence or from an aggregate of catastrophe events from all perils to exceed the indicated amount in a one-year time frame.
reinsurance as a risk management strategy the company uses reinsurance to transfer certain risks to reinsurance companies based on specific geographic or risk concentrations. a variety of traditional reinsurance products are used as part of the company's risk management strategy, including excess of loss occurrence-based products that reinsure property and workers' compensation exposures, and individual risk (including facultative reinsurance) or quota share arrangements, that reinsure losses from specific classes or lines of business. the company has no significant finite risk contracts in place and the statutory surplus benefit from all such prior year contracts is immaterial. the hartford also participates in governmentally administered reinsurance facilities such as the florida hurricane catastrophe fund ("fhcf"), tripra and other reinsurance programs relating to particular risks or specific lines of business.
reinsurance for catastrophes- the company utilizes various reinsurance programs to mitigate catastrophe losses including excess of loss occurrence-based treaties covering property and workers' compensation, and an aggregate property catastrophe treaty as well as individual risk agreements (including facultative reinsurance) that reinsure losses from specific classes or lines
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of business. the aggregate property catastrophe treaty covers the aggregate of catastrophe events designated by the property claim services office of verisk and, for international business, net losses arising from two or more risks involved in the same loss occurrence totaling at least $500 thousand, in excess of a $700 retention. the occurrence-based property catastrophe treaties respond in excess of $100 per occurrence for all perils other than earthquakes and named hurricanes and tropical storms (subject to a $50 annual aggregate deductible). beginning with the january 1, 2021 renewal, our per occurrence property catastrophe treaty and workers' compensation catastrophe treaty incepting january 1, 2021 do not cover pandemic losses, as most industry reinsurance programs exclude communicable disease. the company has reinsurance in place to cover individual group life losses in excess of $1 per person.
primary catastrophe treaty reinsurance coverages as of january 1, 2022 [1]
portion of losses reinsured               portion of losses retained by the hartford per occurrence property catastrophe treaty from 1/1/2022 to 12/31/2022 [1] [2]
losses of $0 to $100                                                                                                                                                    none                                                                   100% retained losses of $100 to $350 for earthquakes and named hurricanes and tropical storms [3]                                                                                     none                                                                   100% retained losses of $100 to $350 from one event other than earthquakes and named hurricanes and tropical storms (subject to a $50 annual aggregate deductible ("aad")) [3]        70% of $250 in excess of $100                                   30% co-participation losses of $350 to $500 from one event (all perils)                                                                                                                      75% of $150 in excess of $350                                   25% co-participation losses of $500 to $1.1 billion from one event [4] (all perils)                                                                                                          90% of $600 in excess $500                                      10% co-participation aggregate property catastrophe treaty for 1/1/2022 to 12/31/2022 [5]
$0 to $700 of aggregate losses                                                                                                                                          none                                                                   100% retained
$700 to $900 of aggregate losses                                                                                                                                        100%                                                                            none workers' compensation catastrophe treaty for 1/1/2022 to 12/31/2022
losses of $0 to $100 from one event                                                                                                                                     none                                                                   100% retained losses of $100 to $450 from one event [6]                                                                                                                               80% of $350 in excess of $100                                   20% co-participation
[1]these treaties do not cover the assumed reinsurance business which purchases its own retrocessional coverage.
[2]in addition to the per occurrence property catastrophe treaty, for florida wind events, the hartford has purchased the mandatory fhcf reinsurance for the annual period starting at june 1, 2021. retention and coverage varies by writing company. the writing company with the largest coverage under fhcf is hartford insurance company of the midwest, with coverage estimated at approximately 90% of $52 in per event losses in excess of a $21 retention (estimates are based on best available information at this time and are periodically updated as information is made available by florida).
[3]named hurricanes and tropical storms are defined as any storm or storm system declared to be a hurricane or tropical storm by the us national hurricane center, us weather prediction center, or their successor organizations (being divisions of the us national weather service).
[4]portions of this layer of coverage extend beyond a traditional one year term.
[5]the aggregate treaty is not limited to a single event; rather, it is designed to provide reinsurance protection for the aggregate of all catastrophe events (up to $350 per event), either designated by the property claim services office of verisk or, for international business, net losses arising from two or more risks involved in the same loss occurrence totaling at least $500 thousand. all catastrophe losses, except assumed reinsurance business losses, apply toward satisfying the $700 attachment point under the aggregate treaty.
[6]in addition to the limits shown, the workers' compensation reinsurance includes a non-catastrophe, industrial accident layer, providing coverage for 80% of $30 in per event losses in excess of a $20 retention.
in addition to the property catastrophe reinsurance coverage described in the above table, the company has other reinsurance agreements that cover property catastrophe losses. the per occurrence property catastrophe treaty, and workers' compensation catastrophe treaty include a provision to reinstate one limit in the event that a catastrophe loss exhausts limits on one or more layers under the treaties.
reinsurance for terrorism- for the risk of terrorism, private sector catastrophe reinsurance capacity is generally limited and largely unavailable for terrorism losses caused by nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks. as such, the company's principal reinsurance protection against large-scale terrorist attacks is the coverage currently provided through tripra to the end of 2027.
tripra provides a backstop for insurance-related losses resulting from any "act of terrorism", which is certified by the secretary of the treasury, in consultation with the secretary of homeland security and the attorney general, for losses that exceed a threshold of industry losses of $200. under the program, in any one calendar year, the federal government will pay a percentage of losses incurred from a certified act of terrorism after an insurer's losses exceed 20% of the company's eligible direct commercial earned premiums of the prior calendar year up to a combined annual aggregate limit for the federal government and all insurers of $100 billion. the percentage of losses paid by the federal government is 80% . the company's estimated deductible under the program is $1.7 billion for 2022. if an act of terrorism or acts of terrorism result in covered losses exceeding the $100 billion annual industry aggregate limit, congress would be responsible for determining how additional losses in excess of $100 billion will be paid.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reinsurance for a&e and navigators group reserve development - the company has two adc reinsurance agreements in place, both of which are accounted for as retroactive reinsurance. one agreement covers substantially all a&e reserve development for 2016 and prior accident years (the "a&e adc") up to an aggregate limit of $1.5 billion and the other covered substantially all reserve development of navigators insurance company and certain of its affiliates for 2018 and prior accident years ("navigators adc") up to an aggregate limit of $300. as the company has ceded all of the $300 available limit under the navigators adc, there is no remaining limit available as of december 31, 2021. any net adverse loss development above the $300 limit is reflected in the company's results from operations. for more information on the a&e adc and the navigators adc, see note 1, basis of presentation and significant accounting policies, and note 12, reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements.
reinsurance recoverables property and casualty insurance product reinsurance recoverables represent loss and loss adjustment expense recoverables from a number of entities, including reinsurers and pools. a portion of the total gross reinsurance recoverables balance relates to the company's participation in various mandatory (assigned) and involuntary risk pools and the value of annuity contracts held under structured settlement agreements.
group benefits and corporate reinsurance recoverables represent reserves for future policy benefits and unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses and other policyholder funds and benefits payable that are recoverable from a number of reinsurers.
the table below shows the gross and net reinsurance recoverables reported in the property and casualty and group benefits reporting segments as well as corporate.
to manage reinsurer credit risk, a reinsurance security review committee evaluates the credit standing, financial performance, management and operational quality of each potential reinsurer.
in placing reinsurance, the company considers the nature of the risk reinsured, including the expected liability payout duration, and establishes limits tiered by reinsurer credit rating. where its contracts permit, the company secures future claim obligations with various forms of collateral or other credit enhancement, including irrevocable letters of credit, secured trusts, funds held accounts and group wide offsets. as part of its reinsurance recoverable review, the company analyzes recent developments in commutation activity between reinsurers and cedants, recent trends in arbitration and litigation outcomes in disputes between cedants and reinsurers and the overall credit quality of the company's reinsurers. for further discussion on reinsurance recoverables, including details of recoverables by am best credit rating, see note 9 - reinsurance of notes to consolidated financial statements.
annually, the company completes evaluations of the reinsurance recoverable asset associated with older, long-term casualty liabilities reported in the property & casualty other operations reporting segment and the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance reported in the commercial lines and group benefits reporting segments as well as the corporate category. for a discussion regarding the results of the evaluation of older, long-term casualty liabilities reported in the property & casualty other operations reporting segment, see md&a - critical accounting estimates, property and casualty insurance product reserves, net of reinsurance. for a discussion of the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, see note 9 - reinsurance of notes to consolidated financial statements.
reinsurance recoverables as of december 31, property and casualty                group benefits                   corporate                           total
2021                                                                         2020           2021           2020          2021          2020            2021            2020
paid loss and loss adjustment expenses               $319              $269              $5             $6             $-            $-            $324            $275
unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses            5,774             5,297             246            239            278           308           6,298           5,844
gross reinsurance recoverables                      6,093             5,566             251            245            278           308           6,622           6,119
allowance for uncollectible reinsurance              (96)             (105)             (1)            (1)            (2)           (2)            (99)           (108)
net reinsurance recoverables                       $5,997            $5,461            $250           $244           $276          $306          $6,523          $6,011
guaranty funds and other insurance-related assessments as part of its risk management strategy, the company regularly monitors the financial strength of other insurers and, in particular, activity by insurance regulators and various state guaranty associations in the u.s. relating to troubled insurers. in all states, insurers licensed to transact certain classes of insurance are required to become members of a guaranty fund.
|operational risk operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, human error, or from external events.
sources of operational risk operational risk is inherent in the company's business and functional areas. operational risks include: compliance with laws and regulation, cybersecurity, business disruption, technology failure, inadequate execution or process management, reliance on
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations model and data analytics, internal fraud, external fraud, third party dependency and attraction and retention of talent.
impact operational risk can result in financial loss, disruption of our business, regulatory actions or damage to our reputation.
management responsibility for day-to-day management of operational risk lies within each business unit and functional area. erm provides an enterprise-wide view of the company's operational risk on an aggregate basis. erm is responsible for establishing, maintaining and communicating the framework, principles and guidelines of the company's operational risk management program. operational risk mitigation strategies include the following:
•establishing policies and monitoring risk tolerances and exceptions;
•conducting business risk assessments and implementing action plans where necessary;
•validating existing crisis management protocols;
•identifying and monitoring emerging risks; and
•purchasing insurance coverage.
in response to covid-19 the company continues to assess evolving risks related to covid-19 while monitoring guidance and regulations to maintain certain practices in the interest of the health and welfare of our employees and to reduce operational risk. among others, current practices include enabling work from home and hybrid work arrangements, mandating protocols that employees must follow when they are in the office and established contact tracing processes for in-office and customer facing individuals who have had exposure to covid-19. we also continue to work with vendors to ensure they have business continuity plans in place.
cybersecurity risk the hartford has implemented an information protection program with established governance routines that promote an adaptive approach for assessing and managing risks. the hartford employs a 'defense-in-depth' strategy that uses multiple security measures to protect the integrity of the company's information assets. this 'defense-in-depth' strategy aligns to the national institute of standards and technology ("nist") cyber security framework and provides preventative, detective and responsive measures that collectively protects the company. the hartford continually assesses cyber capabilities and threat detection. various cyber assurance methods, including security metrics, third party security assessments, external penetration testing, red team exercises, and cyber incident response exercises are used to test the effectiveness of the overall cybersecurity control environment. additionally, the company collaborates with industry associations, government authorities, peers and external advisors to monitor the threat environment and to inform our security practices.
the hartford, like many other large financial services companies, blocks attempted cyber intrusions on a daily basis. in the event of a cyber intrusion, the company invokes its cyber incident response program (the "program") commensurate with the nature of the intrusion. while the actual methods employed differ based on the event, our approach uses internal teams and outside advisors with specialized skills to support the response and recovery efforts and requires elevation of issues, as necessary, to senior management. in addition, we have procedures to ensure timely notification of critical cybersecurity incidents pursuant to the program to help identify employees who may have material non-public information and to implement blackout restrictions on trading the company's securities during the investigation and assessment of such cybersecurity incidents.
from a governance perspective, senior members of our enterprise risk management, information protection and internal audit functions provide detailed, regular reports on cybersecurity matters to the board, including the finance, investment, and risk management committee ("firmco"), a committee consisting of all directors and the audit committee, which oversees controls for the company's major risk exposures, and has principal responsibility for oversight of cybersecurity risk. the topics covered by these updates include the company's activities, policies and procedures to prevent, detect and respond to cybersecurity incidents, as well as lessons learned from cybersecurity incidents and internal and external testing of our cyber defenses.
|financial risk financial risks include direct and indirect risks to the company's financial objectives from events that impact financial market conditions and the value of financial assets. some events may cause correlated movement in multiple risk factors. the primary sources of financial risks are the company's invested assets.
consistent with its risk appetite, the company establishes financial risk limits to control potential loss on a u.s. gaap, statutory, and economic basis. exposures are actively monitored and managed, with risks mitigated where appropriate. the company uses various risk management strategies, including limiting aggregation of risk, portfolio re-balancing and hedging with over-the-counter ("otc") and exchange-traded derivatives with counterparties meeting the appropriate regulatory and due diligence requirements. derivatives are utilized to achieve the following company-approved objectives: (1) hedging risk arising from interest rate, equity market, commodity market, credit spread and issuer default, price or currency exchange rate risk or volatility; (2) managing liquidity; (3) controlling transaction costs; and (4) engaging in income generation covered call transactions and synthetic replication transactions. derivative activities are monitored and evaluated by the company's compliance and risk management teams and reviewed by senior management. the company identifies different categories of financial risk, including liquidity, credit, interest rate, equity, and foreign currency exchange.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the risk to current or prospective earnings or capital arising from the company's inability or perceived inability to meet its contractual funding obligations as they come due.
sources of liquidity risk sources of liquidity risk include funding risk, company-specific liquidity risk and market liquidity risk resulting from differences in the amount and timing of sources and uses of cash as well as company-specific and general market conditions. stressed market conditions may impact the ability to sell assets or otherwise transact business and may result in a significant loss in value.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations impact inadequate capital resources and liquidity could negatively affect the company's overall financial strength and its ability to generate cash flows from its businesses, borrow funds at competitive rates, and raise new capital to meet operating and growth needs.
management the company has defined ongoing monitoring and reporting requirements to assess liquidity across the enterprise under both current and stressed market conditions. the company measures and manages liquidity risk exposures and funding needs within prescribed limits across legal entities, taking into account legal, regulatory and operational limitations to the transferability of liquid assets among legal entities. the company also monitors internal and external conditions, and identifies material risk changes and emerging risks that may impact operating cash flows or liquid assets. the liquidity requirements of the hartford financial services group, inc. ("hfsg holding company") have been and will continue to be met by the hfsg holding company's fixed maturities, short-term investments and cash, and dividends from its subsidiaries, principally its insurance operations, as well as the issuance of common stock, debt or other capital securities and borrowings from its credit facilities as needed. the company maintains multiple sources of contingent liquidity including a revolving credit facility, an intercompany liquidity agreement that allows for short-term advances of funds among the hfsg holding company and certain affiliates, and access to collateralized advances from the federal home loan bank of boston ("fhlbb") for certain affiliates. the company's cfo has primary responsibility for liquidity risk.
refer to the capital resources & liquidity section of md&a for the discussion of what the company is doing to manage liquidity during the covid-19 pandemic.
credit risk and counterparty risk credit risk is the risk to earnings or capital due to uncertainty of an obligor's or counterparty's ability or willingness to meet its obligations in accordance with contractually agreed upon terms. credit risk is comprised of three major factors: the risk of change in credit quality, or credit migration risk; the risk of default; and the risk of a change in value due to changes in credit spreads.
sources of credit risk the majority of the company's credit risk is concentrated in its investment holdings and use of derivatives, but it is also present in the company's ceded reinsurance activities and various insurance products.
impact a decline in creditworthiness is typically reflected as an increase in an investment's credit spread and an associated decline in the investment's fair value, potentially resulting in recording an acl and an increased probability of a realized loss upon sale. in certain instances, counterparties may default on their obligations and the company may realize a loss on default. premiums receivable, including premiums for retrospectively rated plans, reinsurance recoverable and deductible losses recoverable are also subject to credit risk based on the counterparty's inability to pay.
for a discussion of impacts resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, refer to the impact of covid-19 on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity section of this md&a.
management the objective of the company's enterprise credit risk management strategy is to identify, quantify, and manage credit risk in aggregate and to limit potential losses in accordance with the company's credit risk management policy. the company manages its credit risk by managing aggregations of risk, holding a diversified mix of issuers and counterparties across its investment, reinsurance, and insurance portfolios and limiting exposure to any specific reinsurer or counterparty. potential credit losses can be mitigated through diversification (e.g., geographic regions, asset types, industry sectors), hedging and the use of collateral to reduce net credit exposure.
the company manages credit risk through the use of various surveillance, analyses and governance processes. the investment and reinsurance areas have formal policies and procedures for counterparty approvals and authorizations, which establish criteria defining minimum levels of creditworthiness and financial stability for eligible counterparties. potential investments are subject to underwriting reviews and private securities are subject to management approval. mitigation strategies vary across the three sources of credit risk, but may include:
•investing in a portfolio of high-quality and diverse securities;
•selling investments subject to credit risk;
•hedging through use of credit default swaps;
•clearing derivative transactions through central clearing houses that require daily variation margin;
•entering into derivative and reinsurance contracts only with strong creditworthy institutions;
•requiring collateral; and
•non-renewing policies/contracts or reinsurance treaties.
the company has developed credit exposure thresholds which are based upon counterparty ratings. aggregate counterparty credit quality and exposure are monitored on a daily basis utilizing an enterprise-wide credit exposure information system that contains data on issuers, ratings, exposures, and credit limits. exposures are tracked on a current and potential basis and aggregated by ultimate parent of the counterparty across investments, reinsurance receivables, insurance products with credit risk, and derivatives.
as of december 31, 2021, the company had no investment exposure to any credit concentration risk of a single issuer or counterparty greater than 10% of the company's stockholders' equity, other than the u.s. government and certain u.s. government agencies. for further discussion of concentration of credit risk in the investment portfolio, see the concentration of credit risk section in note 6 - investments of notes to consolidated financial statements.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations assets and liabilities subject to credit riskinvestments essentially all of the company's invested assets are subject to credit risk. in 2021, there were net credit recoveries on fixed maturities, afs and a decrease in the acl on mortgage loans of $4 and $9 respectively, primarily due to an improved economic environment. in 2020, there were net credit losses on fixed maturities, afs and an increase in the acl on mortgage loans of $28 and $19 respectively, due primarily to the negative economic impacts resulting from the pandemic. refer to the investment portfolio risk section of financial risk management under "credit losses on fixed maturities, afs and intent-to-sell impairments" and "acl on mortgage loans".reinsurance recoverables reinsurance recoverables, net of an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, were $6,523 and $6,011 as of december 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively. refer to the enterprise risk management section of the md&a under "reinsurance as a risk management strategy."
premiums receivable and agents' balances premiums receivable and agents' balances, net of an acl, were $4,445 and $4,268, as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. for a discussion regarding collectibility of these balances, see note 8 - premiums receivable and agents' balances of notes to consolidated financial statements.
credit risk of derivatives the company uses various derivative counterparties in executing its derivative transactions. the use of counterparties creates credit risk that the counterparty may not perform in accordance with the terms of the derivative transaction.
downgrades to the credit ratings of the company's insurance operating companies may have adverse implications for its use of derivatives. in some cases, downgrades may give derivative counterparties for otc derivatives and clearing brokers for otc-cleared derivatives the right to cancel and settle outstanding derivative trades or require additional collateral to be posted. in addition, downgrades may result in counterparties and clearing brokers becoming unwilling to engage in or clear additional derivatives or may require additional collateralization before entering into any new trades.
managing the credit risk of counterparties to derivative instruments the company also has derivative counterparty exposure policies which limit the company's exposure to credit risk. the company monitors counterparty exposure on a monthly basis to ensure compliance with company policies and statutory limitations. the company's policies with respect to derivative counterparty exposure establishes market-based credit limits, favors long-term financial stability and creditworthiness of the counterparty and typically requires credit enhancement/credit risk reducing agreements, which are monitored and evaluated by the company's risk management team and reviewed by senior management.
the company minimizes the credit risk of derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high quality counterparties primarily rated a or better. the company also generally requires that otc derivative contracts be governed by an international swaps and derivatives association ("isda") master agreement, which is structured by legal entity and by counterparty and permits right of offset. the company enters into credit support annexes in conjunction with the isda agreements, which require daily collateral settlement based upon agreed upon thresholds.
the company also has derivative counterparty exposure policies which limit the company's exposure to credit risk. credit exposures are generally quantified based on the prior business day's net fair value, including income accruals, of all derivative positions transacted with a single counterparty for each separate legal entity. the notional amount of derivative contracts represents the basis upon which pay or receive amounts are calculated and are not reflective of credit risk. the company enters into collateral arrangements in connection with its derivatives positions and collateral is pledged to or held by, or on behalf of, the company to the extent the exposure is greater than zero, subject to minimum transfer thresholds, if applicable. in accordance with industry standards and the contractual requirements, collateral is typically settled on the same business day. for further discussion, see the derivative commitments section of note 15 - commitments and contingencies of notes to consolidated financial statements.
use of credit derivatives the company may also use credit default swaps to manage credit exposure or to assume credit risk to enhance yield.
credit risk reduced through credit derivatives the company uses credit derivatives to purchase credit protection with respect to a single entity or referenced index. the company purchases credit protection through credit default swaps to economically hedge and manage credit risk of certain fixed maturity investments across multiple sectors of the investment portfolio. as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, the notional amount related to credit derivatives that purchase credit protection was $112 and $6, respectively, while the fair value was $(2) and less than $(1), respectively. these amounts do not include positions that are in offsetting relationships.
credit risk assumed through credit derivatives the company also enters into credit default swaps that assume credit risk as part of replication transactions. replication transactions are used as an economical means to synthetically replicate the characteristics and performance of assets that are permissible investments under the company's investment policies. these swaps primarily reference investment grade single corporate issuers and indexes. as of december 31, 2021, the company did not hold credit default swaps that assume credit risk. as of december 31, 2020, the notional amount related to credit derivatives that assume credit risk was $675 and the fair value was $21. these amounts do not include positions that are in offsetting relationships.
for further information on credit derivatives, see note 7 - derivatives of notes to consolidated financial statements.
credit risk of business operations a portion of the company's commercial lines business is written with large deductibles or under retrospectively-rated plans. under some commercial insurance contracts with a large deductible, the company is obligated to pay the claimant the full amount of the claim and the company is subsequently reimbursed by the policyholder for the deductible amount. as such, the company is subject to credit risk until reimbursement
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is made. retrospectively-rated policies are utilized primarily for workers' compensation coverage, whereby the ultimate premium is adjusted based on actual losses incurred. although the premium adjustment feature of a retrospectively-rated policy substantially reduces insurance risk for the company, it presents credit risk to the company. the company's results of operations could be adversely affected if a significant portion of such policyholders failed to reimburse the company for the deductible amount or the amount of additional premium owed under retrospectively-rated policies. the company manages these credit risks through credit analysis, collateral requirements, and regular monitoring. for more information, see note 8- premiums receivable and agents' balances of notes to the consolidated financial statements.
interest rate risk interest rate risk is the risk of financial loss due to adverse changes in the value of assets and liabilities arising from movements in interest rates. interest rate risk encompasses exposures with respect to changes in the level of interest rates, the shape of the term structure of rates and the volatility of interest rates. interest rate risk does not include exposure to changes in credit spreads.
sources of interest rate risk the company has exposure to interest rate risk arising from investments in fixed maturities and commercial mortgage loans, issuances by the company of debt securities, preferred stock and similar securities, discount rate assumptions associated with the company's claim reserves and pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, and assets that support the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
impact changes in interest rates from current levels can have both favorable and unfavorable effects for the company.
change in interest rates                                          favorable effects                                                                                                          unfavorable effects ý                                                                 •additional net investment income due to reinvesting at higher yields and higher yields on variable rate securities        •decrease in the fair value of the fixed income investment portfolio
•higher interest expense on variable rate debt obligations
þ                                                                 •increase in the fair value of the fixed income investment portfolio                                                       •lower net investment income due to reinvesting at lower yields and lower yields on variable rate securities
•lower interest expense on variable rate debt obligations         •acceleration in paydowns and prepayments or calls of certain mortgage-backed and municipal securities management the company manages its exposure to interest rate risk by constructing investment portfolios that seek to protect the company from the economic impact associated with changes in interest rates by setting portfolio duration targets that are aligned with the duration of the liabilities that they support. the company analyzes interest rate risk using various models including parametric models and cash flow simulation under various market scenarios of the liabilities and their supporting investment portfolios. key metrics that the company uses to quantify its exposure to interest rate risk inherent in its invested assets and the associated liabilities include duration, convexity and key rate duration.
the company primarily utilizes interest rate swaps and, to a lesser extent, futures to mitigate interest rate risk associated with its investment portfolio or liabilities and to manage portfolio duration. interest rate swaps are primarily used to convert interest receipts or payments to a fixed or variable rate. the use of such swaps enables the company to customize contract terms and conditions to desired objectives and manage the duration profile within established tolerances. as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, notional amounts pertaining to derivatives utilized to manage interest rate risk, including offsetting positions, totaled $9.9 billion and $10.7 billion, respectively, and primarily relate to hedging invested assets. the fair value of these derivatives was $(46) and $(69) as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
assets and liabilities subject to interest rate riskfixed income investments the fair value of fixed income investments, which include fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans, and short-term investments, was $51.9 billion and $52.8 billion at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the weighted average duration of the portfolio, including derivative instruments, was approximately 4.3 years and 4.9 years as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. changes in the fair value of fixed maturities due to changes in interest rates are reflected as a component of aoci.long-term debt obligations the company's variable rate debt obligations will generally result in increased interest expense as a result of higher interest rates; the inverse is true during a declining interest rate environment. changes in the value of long-term debt as a result of changes in interest rates will impact the fair value of these instruments but not the carrying value in the company's consolidated balance sheets.group life and disability product liabilities the cash outflows associated with contracts issued by the company's group benefits segment, primarily group life and short and long-term disability policy liabilities, are not interest rate sensitive but vary based on timing. though the aggregate cash flow payment streams are relatively predictable, these products rely upon actuarial pricing assumptions (including mortality and morbidity) and have an element of cash flow uncertainty. as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, the company had $8,609 and $8,653, respectively of reserves for group life and disability contracts. changes in the value of the liabilities as a result of changes in interest rates will impact the fair value of these instruments but not the carrying value in the company's consolidated balance sheets.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations pension and other postretirement benefit obligations the company's pension and other postretirement benefit obligations are exposed to interest rate risk based upon the sensitivity of present value obligations to changes in liability discount rates as well as the sensitivity of the fair value of investments in the plan portfolios to changes in interest rates. the discount rate assumption is based upon an interest rate yield curve that reflects high-quality fixed income investments consistent with the maturity profile of the expected liability cash flows. the company is exposed to the risk of having to make additional plan contributions if the plans' investment returns, including from investments in fixed maturities, are lower than expected. (for further discussion of discounting pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, refer to note 19 - employee benefit plans of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
interest rate sensitivity group life and disability reserves and invested assets supporting them included in the following table is the before tax change in the net economic value of contracts issued by the company's group benefits segment, primarily group life and disability, for which fixed valuation discount rate assumptions are established based upon investment returns assumed in pricing, along with the corresponding invested assets. also included in this analysis are the interest rate sensitive derivatives used by the company to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk in the investment portfolios supporting these contracts. this analysis does not include the assets and corresponding liabilities of other insurance products such as automobile, property, workers' compensation and general liability insurance. certain financial instruments, such as limited partnerships and other alternative investments, have been omitted from the analysis as the interest rate sensitivity of these investments is generally lower and less predictable than fixed income investments. the calculation of the estimated hypothetical change in net economic value below assumes a 100 basis point upward and downward parallel shift in the yield curve.
the selection of the 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve was made only as an illustration of the potential hypothetical impact of such an event and should not be construed as a prediction of future market events. actual results could differ materially from those illustrated below due to the nature of the estimates and assumptions used in the analysis. the company's sensitivity analysis calculation assumes that the composition of invested assets and liabilities remain materially consistent throughout the year and that the current relationship between short-term and long-term interest rates will remain constant over time. as a result, these calculations may not fully capture the impact of portfolio re-allocations, significant product sales or non-parallel changes in interest rates.
interest rate sensitivity of group benefits short and long-term disability reserves and invested assets supporting them change in net economic value as of december 31,
2021                                                                                                                      2020
basis point shift                                             -100         +100                         -100   +100
increase (decrease) in economic value, before tax             $101         $(94)                  $137         $(133)
the carrying value of assets related to the businesses included in the table above was $11.3 billion and $12.1 billion, as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and included fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans and short-term investments. the assets are monitored and managed within set duration guidelines and are evaluated on a daily basis, as well as annually, using scenario simulation techniques in compliance with regulatory requirements.
invested assets not supporting group life and disability reserves the following table provides an analysis showing the estimated before tax change in the fair value of the company's investments and related derivatives, excluding assets supporting group life and disability reserves which are included in the table above, assuming 100 basis point upward and downward parallel shifts in the yield curve as of december 31, 2021 and 2020. certain financial instruments, such as limited partnerships and other alternative investments, have been omitted from the analysis as the interest rate sensitivity of these investments is generally lower and less predictable than fixed income investments.
interest rate sensitivity of invested assets not supporting group benefits short and long-term disability reserves change in fair value as of december 31,
2021                                                                                                                       2020
basis point shift                                          -100         +100                           -100   +100
increase (decrease) in fair value, before tax            $1,841         $(1,730)               $2,054         $(1,906)
the carrying value of fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans and short-term investments related to the businesses included in the table above was $40.6 billion and $40.7 billion as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
long-term debt a 100 basis point parallel decrease in the yield curve would result in an increase in the fair value of long-term debt by $732 and $670 as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. a 100 basis point parallel increase in the yield curve would result in a decrease in the fair value of long-term debt by $600 and $551 as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. changes in the value of long-term debt as a result of changes in interest rates will not impact the carrying value in the company's consolidated balance sheets.
pension and other postretirement plan obligations a 100 basis point parallel decrease in the yield curve would
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations impact both the value of the underlying pension assets and the value of the liabilities, resulting in an increase in the unfunded liabilities (or decrease in asset) for pension and other postretirement plan obligations of $36 and $196 as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. a 100 basis point parallel increase in the yield curve would have the inverse effect and result in a decrease in the unfunded liabilities (or increase in assets) for pension and other postretirement plan obligations of $17 and $148 as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. gains or losses due to changes in interest rates on the pension and postretirement plan obligations are recorded within aoci and are amortized into the actuarial loss component of net periodic benefit cost when they exceed a threshold.
discontinuation of libor in july 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority ("fca") announced that by the end of 2021 it intended to stop persuading or compelling banks to report information used to set libor. on march 5, 2021, the fca announced that publication of certain libor settings in currencies other than u.s. dollars would cease immediately after december 31, 2021, and that publication of u.s. dollar libor on a representative basis would cease for the one-week and two-month settings immediately after december 31, 2021 and for the remaining u.s. dollar settings immediately after june 30, 2023. although the most widely used settings of u.s. dollar libor continue to be published and used in existing transactions, regulatory pressures and other factors have resulted in a general decline in new u.s. dollar libor-based transactions. the company continues to monitor the potential impacts of the discontinuation of libor, which is used as a benchmark or reference rate for certain investments and derivatives the company owns and floating rate debt the company has issued.
the company has identified three principal types of outstanding contracts that may be affected by the discontinuance of or transition from libor to an alternative reference rate, including floating rate fixed maturity investments the company holds in its investment portfolio; derivative instruments that hedge interest rate risk; and one class of junior subordinated debentures that mature after june 30, 2023.
•using our best estimate of expected future cash flows including prepayments and maturities, the book value of libor referenced floating rate fixed maturities that the company owns as of december 31, 2021 and that the company expects to be outstanding after june 2023 is $4 billion. the company has performed a review of the libor replacement language on these assets and believes that greater than 90% have language that supports a transition to a new standard benchmark rate. the company will continue to assess the remaining holdings and work with counterparties, as appropriate, to determine libor replacement language or manage the assets in other ways, such as through asset sales.
•the notional amount of derivative instruments as of december 31, 2021 with a floating rate component that references libor that the company expects to be outstanding after june 30, 2023, considering maturities, is $8.1 billion, with $7.9 billion being cleared through an exchange or clearinghouse. the company anticipates that substantially all existing derivatives referencing libor, whether or not cleared through an exchange or clearing house, will transition from libor to sofr or other market alternative rates in line with new market standards.
•the company has issued $1.1 billion of junior subordinated debentures that mature after june 30, 2023 with libor referenced floating interest rates. the company expects to call its $600 of 7.875% junior subordinated debentures at par in april of 2022 and, for the $500 of 3 month libor + 2.125% notes, is assessing options to manage the risk associated with the transition away from libor.
the uncertainty regarding the continued use and reliability of libor, including the timing of such transition, could reduce the value of some of our floating rate fixed maturity investments and increase the interest the company pays on the junior subordinated debentures.
there is also a risk that certain derivatives may no longer qualify for hedge accounting if reference rates change on derivative contracts but the reference interest rate of the instruments being hedged do not change in a substantially similar manner, particularly for cash flow hedges of floating rate investments the company owns and junior subordinated debentures the company has issued. the loss of hedge accounting could result in the recognition of gains or losses on derivatives in the income statement rather than in accumulated other comprehensive income. the company has adopted the fasb's temporary guidance which allows for contract modifications made solely due to rate reform (such as replacing libor with another reference rate) as continuations of existing contracts and to maintain hedge accounting when the hedging effectiveness between the financial instrument and its hedge is only affected by the change to the reference rate. the fasb is deliberating revised guidance which would extend the accounting relief for contract modifications made and hedge relationships entered into or evaluated through december 31, 2024, after which there is uncertainty whether certain outstanding derivative contracts will continue to qualify for hedge accounting either because the replacement rate of the financial instrument being hedged is not sufficiently matched to the reference rate of the derivative contract or because replacement rate language for the hedged instrument has not been determined. for a discussion of risks related to the discontinuance of libor, see part i, item 1a, - risk factors for the risk factor "the discontinuance of libor may adversely affect the value of certain investments we hold and floating rate securities we have issued, and another other assets or liabilities whose value may be tied to libor."
equity risk equity risk is the risk of financial loss due to changes in the value of global equities or equity indices.
sources of equity risk the company has exposure to equity risk from invested assets, assets that support the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans, and fee income derived from hartford funds assets under management.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations impact the investment portfolio is exposed to losses from market declines affecting equity securities and derivatives, which could negatively impact the company's reported earnings. in addition, investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments generally have a level of correlation to domestic equity market levels and can expose the company to losses in earnings if valuations decline; however, earnings impacts are recognized on a lag as results from private equity investments and other funds are generally reported on a three-month delay. for assets supporting pension and other postretirement benefit plans, the company may be required to make additional plan contributions if equity investments in the plan portfolios decline in value. hartford funds earnings are also significantly influenced by the u.s. and other equity markets. generally, declines in equity markets will reduce the value of average daily assets under management and the amount of fee income generated from those assets. increases in equity markets will generally have the inverse impact.
management the company uses various approaches in managing its equity exposure, including limits on the proportion of assets invested in equities, diversification of the equity portfolio, and, at times, hedging of changes in equity indices. for assets supporting pension and other postretirement benefit plans, the asset allocation mix is reviewed on a periodic basis. in order to minimize risk, the pension plans maintain a listing of permissible and prohibited investments and impose concentration limits and investment quality requirements on permissible investment options.
assets and liabilities subject to equity risk investment portfolio the investment portfolio is exposed to losses from market declines affecting equity securities and derivatives, and certain alternative assets and limited partnerships. generally, declines in equity markets will reduce the value of these types of investments and could negatively impact the company's earnings while increases in equity will have the inverse impact. for equity securities, the changes in fair value are reported in net realized gains and losses. for alternative assets and limited partnerships, the company's share of earnings for the period is recorded in net investment income, though typically on a delay based on the availability of the underlying financial statements. for a discussion of equity sensitivity, see below.assets supporting pension and other postretirement benefit plans the company may be required to make additional plan contributions if equity investments in the plan portfolios decline in value. for a discussion of equity sensitivity, see below.
declines in value are recognized as unrealized losses in aoci. increases in equity markets are recognized as unrealized gains in aoci. unrealized gains and losses in aoci are amortized into the actuarial loss component of net periodic benefit cost when they exceed a threshold. for further discussion of equity risk associated with the pension plans, see note 19 - employee benefit plans of notes to consolidated financial statements.assets under management assets under management in hartford funds may decrease in value during equity market declines, which would result in lower earnings because fee income is earned based upon the value of assets under management.
equity sensitivity investment portfolio and the assets supporting pension and other postretirement benefit plans included in the following tables are the estimated before tax change in the economic value of the company's invested assets and assets supporting pension and other postretirement benefit plans with sensitivity to equity risk. the calculation of the hypothetical change in economic value below assumes a 20% upward and downward shock to the standard & poor's 500 composite price index ("s&p 500"). for limited partnerships and other alternative investments, the movement in economic value is calculated using a beta analysis largely derived from historical experience relative to the s&p 500.
the selection of the 20% shock to the s&p 500 was made only as an illustration of the potential hypothetical impact of such an event and should not be construed as a prediction of future market events. actual results could differ materially from those illustrated below due to the nature of the estimates and assumptions used in the analysis. these calculations do not capture the impact of portfolio re-allocations.
equity sensitivity as of december 31, 2021                               as of december 31, 2020 [1]
shock to s&amp;p 500                                  shock to s&amp;p 500
(before tax)                                                            fair value        +20%              -20%              fair value        +20%              -20%
investment portfolio                                                    $5,447            $641              $(641)            $3,520            $397              $(397)
assets supporting pension and other postretirement benefit plans        $1,245            $167              $(167)            $1,573            $240              $(240)
[1]table excludes the company's investment in hopmeadow holdings lp which was reported in other assets on the company's consolidated balance sheets prior to being sold on june 30, 2021.
hartford funds assets under management hartford funds earnings are significantly influenced by the u.s. and other equity markets. if equity markets were to hypothetically decline 20% and remain depressed for one year, the estimated before tax impact on reported earnings for that one year period is approximately $65 as of december 31, 2021.
the selection of the 20% shock to the s&p 500 was made only as an illustration of the potential hypothetical impact of such an event and should not be construed as a prediction of future market events. actual results could differ materially due to the nature of the estimates and assumptions used in the analysis.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations foreign currency exchange risk foreign currency exchange risk is the risk of financial loss due to changes in the relative value between currencies.
sources of currency risk the company has foreign currency exchange risk in non-u.s. dollar denominated cash, fixed maturities, equities, and derivative instruments. in addition, the company has non-u.s. subsidiaries, some with functional currencies other than u.s. dollar, and which transact business in multiple currencies resulting in assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies.
impact changes in relative values between currencies can create variability in cash flows and realized or unrealized gains and losses on changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities. the impact on the fair value of fixed maturities, afs due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, in relation to functional currency, is reported in unrealized gains or losses as part of other comprehensive income. the realization of gains or losses resulting from investment sales or from changes in investments that record changes in fair value through the income statement due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates is reflected through net realized gains and losses.
in regards to insurance and reinsurance contracts that the company enters into for which we are obligated to pay losses in a foreign currency, the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on assets and liabilities related to these contracts is reflected through net realized gains and losses. these assets or liabilities include, but are not limited to, cash and cash equivalents, premiums receivable, reinsurance recoverables, and unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. additionally, the company translates the assets, liabilities, and income of non-u.s. dollar functional currency legal entities into u.s. dollar. this translation amount is reported as a component of other comprehensive income.
management the company manages its foreign currency exchange risk primarily through asset-liability matching and through the use of derivative instruments. however, legal entity capital is invested in local currencies in order to satisfy regulatory requirements and to support local insurance operations. the foreign currency exposure of non-u.s. dollar denominated investments will most commonly be reduced through the sale of the assets or through hedges using foreign currency swaps and forwards.
assets and liabilities subject to foreign currency exchange risk investment portfolio the company is exposed to foreign exchange risk affecting non-u.s. dollar denominated cash, fixed maturities, equities and derivative instruments. changes in relative values between currencies can positively or negatively impact net realized gains and losses or unrealized gains (losses) as part of other comprehensive income.
assets supporting pension plan changes in relative values between currencies can positively or negatively impact unrealized gains and losses in aoci. unrealized gains and losses in aoci are amortized into the actuarial loss component of net periodic benefit cost when they exceed a threshold. as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, the company had pension plan assets of $97 and $95, respectively, of non-u.s. dollar investments in multiple currencies. these amounts are excluded from the sensitivity analysis below.
insurance contract related assets and liabilities the company has non-u.s. dollar denominated insurance and reinsurance contracts and associated premiums receivable, reinsurance recoverables and unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, that are exposed to foreign exchange risk. for contracts that are within u.s, dollar functional currency legal entities, changes in foreign currency exchange rates can positively or negatively impact net realized gains and losses. for contracts within non-u.s. dollar functional currency legal entities, changes in foreign currency exchange rates can positively or negatively impact other comprehensive income.
foreign currency sensitivity for the company's primary currencies that create foreign exchange risk, the following table provides the estimated impact of a hypothetical 10% unfavorable change in exchange rates. actual results could differ materially due to the nature of the estimates and assumptions used in the analysis. the amounts presented are in u.s. dollars and before tax.
foreign currency sensitivity [1]
gbp           cad   10% unfavorable change december 31, 2021
net assets (liabilities)            $287          $132       $(38)
december 31, 2020
net assets (liabilities)            $296          $189       $(44)
[1]amount excludes currencies where the value of net assets in u.s. dollar equivalent is less than 1% of total net assets of the company.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations financial risk on u.s. statutory capital u.s. statutory surplus amounts and rbc ratios may increase or decrease in any period depending upon a variety of factors and may be compounded in extreme scenarios or if multiple factors occur at the same time. at times, the impact of changes in certain market factors or a combination of multiple factors on rbc ratios can be counterintuitive. factors include:
•a decrease in the value of certain fixed-income and equity securities in our investment portfolio, due in part to credit spreads widening, an increase in interest rates, or a decline in equity market levels, may result in a decrease in statutory surplus and rbc ratios;
•a decline in investment yields may reduce our net investment income, which may result in a decrease in statutory surplus and rbc ratios;
•decreases in the value of certain derivative instruments that do not get hedge accounting, may reduce statutory surplus and rbc ratios; and
•non-market factors can also impact the amount and volatility of either our actual or potential obligation, as well as the related statutory surplus and rbc ratios.
most of these factors are outside of the company's control. among other factors, rating agencies consider the level of statutory capital and surplus of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries as well as the level of a measure of gaap capital held by the company in determining the company's financial strength and credit ratings. rating agencies may implement changes to their internal models that have the effect of increasing or decreasing the amount of capital we must hold in order to maintain our current ratings.
investment portfolio risk the following table presents the company's fixed maturities, afs, by credit quality. the credit ratings referenced throughout this section are based on availability and are generally the midpoint of the available ratings among moody's, s&p, and fitch. if no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used. accrued interest receivable related to fixed maturities are recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets and are not included in the amortized cost or fair value of the fixed maturities. for further information refer to note 6 - investments.
fixed maturities, afs by credit quality december 31, 2021                                                          december 31, 2020
amortized cost        fair value         percent of total fair value       amortized cost        fair value         percent of total fair value united states government/government agencies            $5,706             $5,881                          13.7           %        $4,872             $5,214                          11.6           %
aaa                                                      5,917              6,133                          14.3           %         6,482              6,848                          15.2           %
aa                                                       7,279              7,718                          18.0           %         7,840              8,453                          18.8           %
a                                                       10,277             10,962                          25.6           %        10,500             11,595                          25.7           %
bbb                                                      9,196              9,708                          22.7           %         9,831             10,856                          24.1           %
bb &amp; below                                           2,413              2,445                           5.7           %         2,036              2,069                           4.6           %
total fixed maturities, afs                            $40,788            $42,847                         100.0           %       $41,561            $45,035                         100.0           %
the fair value of fixed maturities, afs decreased as compared to december 31, 2020, primarily due a decrease in valuations due to higher interest rates, partially offset by tighter credit spreads. the decline was also due to the reinvestment into other asset classes.
fixed maturities, fvo, included within other investments on the consolidated balance sheets, are not included in the preceding table. for further discussion on fvo securities, see note 5 - fair value measurements of notes to consolidated financial statements.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations fixed maturities, afs by type december 31, 2021                                                                                                                                             december 31, 2020
amortized cost           acl        gross unrealized gains       gross unrealized losses        fair value         percent of total fair value                amortized cost           acl        gross unrealized gains       gross unrealized losses        fair value         percent of total fair value asset-backed securities ("abs")
consumer loans                                               $959               $-                     $11                          $(2)                  $968                           2.3           %                 $1,396               $-                     $35                            $-                $1,431                           3.2           %
other                                                         166                -                       2                           (1)                   167                           0.4           %                    129                -                       4                             -                   133                           0.3           %
collateralized loan obligations ("clos")                    3,019                -                       8                           (2)                 3,025                           7.1           %                  2,780                -                       7                           (7)                 2,780                           6.2           %
commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs")
agency [1]                                                  1,390                -                      75                           (5)                 1,460                           3.4           %                  1,779                -                     117                           (6)                 1,890                           4.2           %
bonds                                                       2,327                -                      92                           (9)                 2,410                           5.6           %                  2,160                -                     159                          (13)                 2,306                           5.1           %
interest only                                                 238                -                      12                           (1)                   249                           0.6           %                    280                -                      10                           (2)                   288                           0.6           %
corporate basic industry                                                761                -                      34                           (5)                   790                           1.8           %                    727                -                      69                           (1)                   795                           1.8           %
capital goods                                               1,442                -                      84                           (9)                 1,517                           3.5           %                  1,488                -                     148                          (11)                 1,625                           3.6           %
consumer cyclical                                           1,161              (1)                      50                           (5)                 1,205                           2.8           %                  1,434              (1)                     108                           (1)                 1,540                           3.4           %
consumer non-cyclical                                       2,473                -                     134                           (8)                 2,599                           6.1           %                  2,878                -                     314                           (4)                 3,188                           7.1           %
energy                                                      1,405                -                      99                           (2)                 1,502                           3.5           %                  1,474              (1)                     147                           (4)                 1,616                           3.6           %
financial services                                          4,648                -                     214                          (20)                 4,842                          11.3           %                  4,523             (21)                     398                           (4)                 4,896                          10.9           %
tech./comm.                                                 2,658                -                     216                          (11)                 2,863                           6.7           %                  2,651                -                     370                           (3)                 3,018                           6.7           %
transportation                                                744                -                      43                           (3)                   784                           1.8           %                    747                -                      85                           (3)                   829                           1.8           %
utilities                                                   1,917                -                     141                           (8)                 2,050                           4.8           %                  1,999                -                     250                             -                 2,249                           5.0           %
other                                                         535                -                      23                           (3)                   555                           1.3           %                    480                -                      37                             -                   517                           1.1           %
foreign govt./govt. agencies                                  883                -                      33                           (6)                   910                           2.1           %                    842                -                      77                             -                   919                           2.0           %
municipal bonds taxable                                                     1,079                -                      83                           (2)                 1,160                           2.7           %                  1,084                -                     109                           (1)                 1,192                           2.6           %
tax-exempt                                                  6,394                -                     704                           (1)                 7,097                          16.6           %                  7,480                -                     831                             -                 8,311                          18.5           %
residential mortgage-backed securities ("rmbs")
agency                                                      1,337                -                      44                          (11)                 1,370                           3.2           %                  1,829                -                      92                           (2)                 1,919                           4.3           %
non-agency                                                  2,101                -                      11                          (16)                 2,096                           4.9           %                  1,755                -                      41                           (1)                 1,795                           4.0           %
alt-a                                                          12                -                       1                             -                    13                             -           %                     27                -                       2                             -                    29                           0.1           %
sub-prime                                                     160                -                       4                             -                   164                           0.4           %                    355                -                       9                             -                   364                           0.8           %
u.s. treasuries                                             2,979                -                      86                          (14)                 3,051                           7.1           %                  1,264                -                     141                             -                 1,405                           3.1           %
total fixed maturities, afs                               $40,788             $(1)                  $2,204                        $(144)               $42,847                         100.0           %                $41,561            $(23)                  $3,560                         $(63)               $45,035                         100.0           %
fixed maturities, fvo [2]                                                                                                                                 $160                                                                                                                                                            $-
[1]includes securities with pools of loans issued by the small business administration which are backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government..
[2]included within other investments on the consolidated balance sheets.
the fair value of fixed maturities, afs decreased as compared with december 31, 2020, primarily due to a decrease in valuations due to higher interest rates, partially offset by tighter credit spreads. the decline was also due to the reinvestment into other asset classes.the company primarily decreased holdings of tax-exempt municipal bonds, agency and sub-prime
107
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations rmbs, consumer cyclical and non-cyclical corporate bonds, consumer loans, and agency cmbs, while primarily increasing holdings in u.s. treasuries, non-agency rmbs, clos, and cmbs bonds.
commercial & residential real estate the following table presents the company's exposure to cmbs and rmbs by credit quality included in the preceding fixed maturities, afs by type table.
exposure to cmbs and rmbs as of december 31, 2021
aaa                                     aa                                      a   bbb                                                            bb and below                                  total amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value   amortized cost       fair value            amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value cmbs agency [1]                         $1,380             $1,450                 $10                $10                  $-                 $-         $-                   $-                         $-                 $-              $1,390             $1,460
bonds                                 950                995                 571                593                 439                453                 182                186                 185                183               2,327              2,410
interest only                         134                141                  92                 96                   1                  1                  10                 10                   1                  1                 238                249
total cmbs                          2,464              2,586                 673                699                 440                454                 192                196                 186                184               3,955              4,119
rmbs agency                              1,315              1,347                  22                 23                   -                  -         -                    -                           -                  -               1,337              1,370
non-agency                            840                845                 554                552                 477                473                 199                196                  31                 30               2,101              2,096
alt-a                                   -                  -                   -                  -                   -                  -         -                    -                          12                 13                  12                 13
sub-prime                               6                  7                  34                 35                  47                 48                  24                 24                  49                 50                 160                164
total rmbs                          2,161              2,199                 610                610                 524                521                 223                220                                                      3,610              3,643
total cmbs &amp; rmbs              $4,625             $4,785              $1,283             $1,309                $964               $975         $                    $                        $278               $277              $7,565             $7,762
exposure to cmbs and rmbs as of december 31, 2020
aaa                                     aa                                      a                                    bbb                           bb and below                                  total amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value       amortized cost        fair value cmbs agency [1]                         $1,771             $1,882                  $8                 $8                  $-                 $-                  $-                 $-                  $-                 $-              $1,779             $1,890
bonds                               1,009              1,101                 541                582                 423                430                 170                179                  17                 14               2,160              2,306
interest only                         177                183                  90                 93                   8                  7                   4                  4                   1                  1                 280                288
total cmbs                          2,957              3,166                 639                683                 431                437                 174                183                  18                 15               4,219              4,484
rmbs agency                              1,807              1,894                  22                 25                   -                  -                   -                  -                   -                  -               1,829              1,919
non-agency                          1,034              1,063                 371                380                 313                315                  36                 36                   1                  1               1,755              1,795
alt-a                                   -                  -                   3                  3                   2                  2                   2                  2                  20                 22                  27                 29
sub-prime                               1                  1                  25                 26                 114                116                 102                105                 113                116                 355                364
total rmbs                          2,842              2,958                 421                434                 429                433                 140                143                 134                139               3,966              4,107
total cmbs &amp; rmbs              $5,799             $6,124              $1,060             $1,117                $860               $870                $314               $326                $152               $154              $8,185             $8,591
[1]includes securities with pools of loans issued by the small business administration which are backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government.
the company also has exposure to commercial mortgage loans. these loans are collateralized by real estate properties that are diversified both geographically throughout the united states and by property type. these commercial loans are originated by the company as high quality whole loans, and the company may sell participation interests in one or more loans to third parties. a loan participation interest represents a pro-rata share in interest and principal payments generated by the participated loan, and the relationship between the company as loan originator, lead participant and servicer and the third party as a participant are governed by a participation agreement.
as of december 31, 2021, mortgage loans had an amortized cost of $5.4 billion and carrying value of $5.4 billion, with an acl of $29. as of december 31, 2020, mortgage loans had an amortized cost of $4.5 billion and carrying value of $4.5 billion, with an acl of $38. the decrease in the allowance is primarily attributable to improved economic scenarios, partially offset by an increase driven by net additions of new loans.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the company funded $1.3 billion of commercial mortgage loans with a weighted average loan-to-value ("ltv") ratio of 57% and a weighted average yield of 2.9% during the twelve months ended december 31, 2021. the company continues to originate commercial mortgage loans in high growth markets across the country focusing primarily on institutional-quality industrial, multi-family, and retail properties with strong ltv ratios. there were no mortgage loans held for sale as of december 31, 2021 or december 31, 2020.
municipal bonds the following table presents the company's exposure to municipal bonds by type and weighted average credit quality included in the preceding securities by type table.
available for sale investments in municipal bonds december 31, 2021                                                                      december 31, 2020
amortized cost        fair value   weighted average credit quality                     amortized cost        fair value   weighted average credit quality general obligation                $910             $1,031         aa+                                                  $1,082             $1,232         aa+
pre-refunded [1]                   487                519         aaa                                                     889                940         aaa revenue transportation                   1,404              1,579         a+                                                    1,441              1,636         a+
health care                      1,274              1,397         a+                                                    1,273              1,407         a+
leasing [2]                        813                874         aa-                                                     905                985         aa-
education                          670                748         aa                                                      732                824         aa water &amp; sewer                  504                538         aa                                                      644                694         aa sales tax                          370                436         aa                                                      394                464         aa power                              317                357         a+                                                      401                450         a+
housing                             98                103         aa                                                      102                109         aa+
other                              626                675         aa-                                                     701                762         a+
total revenue                    6,076              6,707         aa-                                                   6,593              7,331         aa-
total municipal                 $7,473             $8,257         aa-                                                  $8,564             $9,503         aa-
[1]pre-refunded bonds are bonds for which an irrevocable trust containing sufficient u.s. treasury, agency, or other securities has been established to fund the remaining payments of principal and interest.
[2]leasing revenue bonds are generally the obligations of a financing authority established by the municipality that leases facilities back to a municipality. the notes are typically secured by lease payments made by the municipality that is leasing the facilities financed by the issue. lease payments may be subject to annual appropriation by the municipality or the municipality may be obligated to appropriate general tax revenues to make lease payments.
as of december 31, 2021, the largest issuer concentrations were the new york state dormitory authority, the state of california, and the pennsylvania state turnpike commission, which each comprised less than 3% of the municipal bond portfolio and were primarily comprised of general obligation and revenue bonds. as of december 31, 2020, the largest issuer concentrations were the new york state dormitory authority, the commonwealth of massachusetts, and the new york city municipal water finance authority, which each comprised less than 3% of the municipal bond portfolio and were primarily comprised of general obligation and revenue bonds. in total, municipal bonds make up 14% of the fair value of the company's investment portfolio. while covid-19 has had an impact on many municipal issuers, credit fundamentals in this sector have broadly stabilized due to an unprecedented influx of federal relief funds and a strong economic recovery.
limited partnerships and other alternative investments the following table presents the company's investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments which include hedge funds, real estate funds, and private equity funds. real estate funds consist of investments primarily in real estate joint ventures and, to a lesser extent, equity funds. private equity funds primarily consist of investments in funds whose assets typically consist of a diversified pool of investments in small to mid-sized non-public businesses with high growth potential and strong owner sponsorship, as well as limited exposure to public markets.
income or losses on investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments are recognized on a lag as results from private equity investments and other funds are generally reported on a three-month delay.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations limited partnerships and other alternative investments - net investment income year ended december 31,
2021                                                          2020                                      2019
amount         yield [1]                  amount         yield [1]                  amount         yield [1]
hedge funds                                                                       $33             17.7     %                 $9              7.1     %                 $5              7.2     %
real estate funds                                                                 149             18.4     %                 85             20.3     %                 70             17.0     %
private equity funds                                                              456             51.3     %                106             12.4     %                126             16.6     %
other alternative investments [2]                                                  94             22.6     %                 22              5.4     %                 31              8.2     %
total                                                                            $732             31.8     %               $222             12.3     %               $232             14.4     %
[1]yields calculated using annualized net investment income divided by the monthly average invested assets.
[2]consists of an insurer-owned life insurance policy which is primarily invested in fixed income, private equity, and hedge funds.
investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments december 31, 2021                        december 31, 2020
amount        percent                    amount        percent hedge funds                                    $274            8.2    %                 $158            7.6    %
real estate funds                             1,315           39.2    %                  563           27.0    %
private equity and other funds                1,256           37.5    %                  944           45.4    %
other alternative investments [1]               508           15.1    %                  417           20.0    %
total                                        $3,353          100.0    %               $2,082          100.0    %
[1]consists of an insurer-owned life insurance policy which is primarily invested in fixed income, private equity, and hedge funds.
fixed maturities, afs - unrealized loss aging the total gross unrealized losses were $144 as of december 31, 2021, and have increased $81 from december 31, 2020, primarily due to higher interest rates, partially offset by tighter credit spreads. as of december 31, 2021, $141 of the gross unrealized losses were associated with fixed maturities, afs depressed less than 20% of amortized cost. the remaining $3 of gross unrealized losses were associated with fixed maturities, afs depressed greater than 20%. the fixed maturities, afs depressed more than 20%, primarily related to commercial real estate securities that were purchased at tighter credit spreads.
as part of the company's ongoing investment monitoring process, the company has reviewed its fixed maturities, afs in an unrealized loss position and concluded that these fixed maturities are temporarily depressed and are expected to recover in value as the investments approach maturity or as market spreads tighten. for these fixed maturities in an unrealized loss position where an acl has not been recorded, the company's best estimate of expected future cash flows are sufficient to recover the amortized cost basis of the investment. furthermore, the company neither has an intention to sell nor does it expect to be required to sell these investments. for further information regarding the company's acl analysis, see the credit losses on fixed maturities, afs and intent-to-sell impairments section below.
unrealized loss aging for fixed maturities, afs december 31, 2021                                                                                 december 31, 2020
consecutive months                              items       amortized cost   acl         unrealized loss              fair value                items       amortized cost   acl           unrealized loss              fair value three months or less                          640            $6,193          $-          $(32)                      $6,161                    102              $625          $-            $(3)                         $622
greater than three to six months              404             3,249          -           (55)                        3,194                     46               367          -             (5)                           362
greater than six to nine months               101               571          -           (5)             566                                    8                 6          -             (1)                             5
greater than nine to eleven months            171             1,041          -           (29)                        1,012                    186             1,275          (1)           (27)                        1,247
twelve months or more                         184               631          -           (23)            608                                  205               994          -             (27)                          967
total                                       1,500           $11,685          $-          $(144)                    $11,541                    547            $3,267          $(1)          $(63)                      $3,203
110
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations unrealized loss aging for fixed maturities, afs continuously depressed over 20%
december 31, 2021                                                                                                                          december 31, 2020
consecutive months                        items       amortized cost       unrealized loss         fair value                     items       amortized cost   unrealized loss              fair value three months or less                      -           $-                   $-                      $-                             2                $2          $(1)                           $1
greater than six to nine months           -           -                    -                       -                              1                46          (10)                           36
greater than nine to eleven months        -           -                    -                       -                              2                 5          (1)                             4
twelve months or more                     20      5                        (3)             2                                     24                 5          (2)                             3
total                                     20          $5                   $(3)                    $2                            29               $58          $(14)                         $44
credit losses on fixed maturities, afs and intent-to-sell impairments for the year ended december 31, 2021
the company recorded a net decrease in the acl of $4, driven by increases in the fair value of corporate issuers that had an acl in prior periods, partially offset by credit losses on a media/entertainment company. unrealized losses on securities with an acl recognized in other comprehensive income were less than $1. for further information, refer to note 6 - investments of notes to consolidated financial statements.
there were no intent-to-sell impairments.
the company incorporates its best estimate of future performance using internal assumptions and judgments that are informed by economic and industry specific trends, as well as our expectations with respect to security specific developments.
future intent-to-sell impairments or credit losses may develop as the result of changes in our intent to sell specific securities that are in an unrealized loss position or if modeling assumptions, such as macroeconomic factors or security specific developments, change unfavorably from our current modeling assumptions, resulting in lower cash flow expectations.
for the year ended december 31, 2020
the company recorded net credit losses on fixed maturities, afs of $28. the losses were primarily attributable to corporate fixed maturities, mainly one private regional and commercial aircraft lessor and to a lesser extent, one tax-exempt municipal bond impacted by covid-19. unrealized losses on securities with acl recognized in other comprehensive income were $1.
intent-to-sell impairments of $5 were primarily related to one corporate issuer in the energy sector and one issuer with exposure to india.
acl on mortgage loans for the year ended december 31, 2021
the company reviews mortgage loans on a quarterly basis to estimate the acl with changes in the acl recorded in net realized gains and losses. apart from an acl recorded on individual mortgage loans where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, the company records an acl on the pool of mortgage loans based on lifetime expected credit losses. for further information, refer to note 6 - investments of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the company recorded a decrease in the acl on mortgage loans of $9. the decrease was primarily the result of improved economic scenarios, partially offset by an increase driven by net additions of new loans. the company did not record an acl on any individual mortgage loans.
for the year ended december 31, 2020
the company recorded an increase in the acl on mortgage loans of $19. the increase in the allowance was due to the effects of the covid-19 pandemic and its impacts on the economic forecasts, as well as lower estimated property values and operating income. the company did not record an acl on any individual mortgage loans.
capital resources and liquidity the following section discusses the overall financial strength of the hartford and its insurance operations including their ability to generate cash flows from each of their business segments, borrow funds at competitive rates and raise new capital to meet operating and growth needs.
|summary of capital resources and liquidity capital available to the holding company as of december 31, 2021:
•$1.9 billion in fixed maturities, short-term investments, investment sales receivable and cash at the hfsg holding company.
•a senior unsecured revolving credit facility that provides for borrowing capacity up to $750 of unsecured credit through october 27, 2026. as of december 31, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding.
•an intercompany liquidity agreement that allows for short-term advances of funds among the hfsg holding company and certain affiliates of up to $2.0 billion for liquidity and other general corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2022 expected dividends and other sources of capital:
the future payment of dividends from our subsidiaries is dependent on several factors including the extent to which covid-19 impacts our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity
•p&c - the company's u.s. property and casualty insurance subsidiaries have dividend capacity of $2.0 billion for 2022, with $1.3 to $1.4 billion of net dividends expected in 2022.
•group benefits - hla has dividend capacity of $241 in 2022 with $175 to $200 of dividends expected in 2022.
•hartford funds - hfsg holding company expects to receive $175 to $200 in dividends from hartford funds in 2022.
expected liquidity requirements for the next twelve months as of december 31, 2021:
•$210 of interest on debt;
•$21 dividends on preferred stock, subject to the discretion of the board of directors;
•$525 of common stockholders' dividends, subject to the discretion of the board of directors and before share repurchases; and
•$600 of 7.875% junior subordinated debentures expected to be called at par in april of 2022.
expected liquidity requirements for beyond the next twelve months as of december 31, 2021:
•interest on debt and debt repayments, see note 14 - debt of notes to consolidated financial statements.
•preferred stock and common stock dividends, subject to the discretion of the board of directors.
equity repurchase program:
authorization for equity repurchases of up to $3.0 billion effective through december 31, 2022. under the program, the company repurchased 25.9 million shares during the period from january 1, 2021 to december 31, 2021 for $1.7 billion with $1.3 billion of authorization remaining as of december 31, 2021.
|liquidity requirements and sources of capital the hartford financial services group, inc. ("hfsg holding company")
the liquidity requirements of the holding company of the hartford financial services group, inc. will primarily be met by hfsg holding company's fixed maturities; short-term investments and cash; and dividends from its subsidiaries, principally its insurance operations.
the company maintains sufficient liquidity and has a variety of contingent liquidity resources to manage liquidity across a range of economic scenarios. we continue to expect to successfully manage our liquidity throughout the pandemic.
the hfsg holding company expects to continue to receive dividends from its operating subsidiaries in the future and manages capital in its operating subsidiaries to be sufficient under significant economic stress scenarios. dividends from subsidiaries and other sources of funds at the holding company may be used to repurchase shares under the authorized share repurchase program at the discretion of management.
under significant economic stress scenarios, the company has the ability to meet short-term cash requirements, if needed, by borrowing under its revolving credit facility or by having its insurance subsidiaries take collateralized advances under a facility with the fhlbb. the company could also choose to have its insurance subsidiaries sell certain highly liquid, high quality fixed maturities or the company could issue debt in the public markets under its shelf registration.
debt on september 21, 2021, the hartford issued $600 of 2.9% senior notes ("2.9% notes") due september 15, 2051 for net proceeds of approximately $588, after deducting underwriting discounts and expenses from the offering. interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on march 15 and september 15, commencing march 15, 2022. the hartford, at its option, can redeem the 2.9% notes at any time, in whole or part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of 100% of the principal amount being redeemed or a make-whole amount based on a comparable maturity us treasury plus 20 basis points, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, except the 2.9% notes may be redeemed at par within six months of maturity. the hartford intends to use the net proceeds along with other available resources to repay the hartford's $600 7.875% junior subordinated debentures ("7.875% notes"), which are redeemable at par on or after april 15, 2022. the hartford expects to recognize a loss on extinguishment of debt of $9, before tax, on redemption.
on march 30, 2020, the hartford repaid at maturity the $500 principal amount of its 5.5% senior notes.
for additional information on debt, see note 14 - debt of notes to consolidated financial statements.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
|equity in december 2020, the company announced a $1.5 billion share repurchase authorization by the board of directors which is effective from january 1, 2021 through december 31, 2022. the authorization was increased by the board of directors to $2.5 billion in april 2021 and then further increased to $3.0 billion in october 2021. during the period from january 1, 2022 through february 17, 2022, the company repurchased 3.8 million shares for $274 and has $1.0 billion of authorization remaining as of february 17, 2022. the timing of any future repurchases will be dependent upon several factors, including the market price of the company's securities, the company's capital position, consideration of the effect of any repurchases on the company's financial strength or credit ratings, the company's blackout periods, and other considerations.
under the hartford's previous $1.0 billion share repurchase program authorized by its board of directors in february 2019 and which expired on december 31, 2020, the company repurchased 2.7 million and 3.4 million shares for $150 and $200 during the years ended 2020 and 2019, respectively.
for further information, see note 16 - equity of notes to consolidated financial statements.
|dividends the hartford's board of directors declared the following quarterly dividends since october 1, 2021:
common stock dividends declared                record                  payable                      amount per share october 28, 2021        december 1, 2021        january 4, 2022                $0.385
february 16, 2022       march 1, 2022           april 4, 2022                  $0.385
preferred stock dividends declared                record                  payable                      amount per share december 15, 2021       february 1, 2022        february 15, 2022             $375.00
february 16, 2022       may 2, 2022             may 16, 2022                  $375.00
there are no current restrictions on hfsg holding company's ability to pay dividends to its stockholders.
for a discussion of restrictions on dividends to hfsg holding company from its insurance subsidiaries, see the following "dividends from subsidiaries" discussion. for a discussion of potential restrictions on the hfsg holding company's ability to pay dividends, see part i, item 1a, - risk factors for the risk factor "our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to limitations."
|dividends from subsidiaries dividends to hfsg holding company from its insurance subsidiaries are restricted by insurance regulation. the company's principal insurance subsidiaries are domiciled in the united states and the united kingdom.
the payment of dividends by connecticut-domiciled insurers is limited under the insurance holding company laws of connecticut. these laws require notice to and approval by the state insurance commissioner for the declaration or payment of any dividend, which, together with other dividends or distributions made within the preceding twelve months, exceeds the greater of (i) 10% of the insurer's statutory policyholder surplus as of december 31 of the preceding year or (ii) net income (or net gain from operations, if such company is a life insurance company) for the preceding year, in each case determined under statutory insurance accounting principles. in addition, if any dividend of a connecticut-domiciled insurer exceeds the insurer's earned surplus, it requires the prior approval of the connecticut insurance commissioner.
property casualty insurers domiciled in new york, including navigators insurance company ("nic") and navigators specialty insurance company ("nsic"), generally may not, without notice to and approval by the state insurance commissioner, pay dividends out of earned surplus in any twelve‐month period that exceeds the lesser of (i) 10% of the insurer's statutory policyholders' surplus as of the most recent financial statement on file, or (ii) 100% of its adjusted net investment income, as defined, for the same twelve month period.
the insurance holding company laws of the other jurisdictions in which the hartford's insurance subsidiaries are incorporated (or deemed commercially domiciled) generally contain similar (although in certain instances more restrictive) limitations on the payment of dividends. in addition to statutory limitations on paying dividends, the company also takes other items into consideration when determining dividends from subsidiaries. these considerations include, but are not limited to, expected earnings and capitalization of the subsidiaries, regulatory capital requirements and liquidity requirements of the individual operating company.
corporate members of lloyd's syndicates may pay dividends to its parent to the extent of available profits that have been distributed from the syndicate in excess of the fal capital requirement and subject to restrictions imposed under uk company law. the fal is determined based on the scr under the solvency ii capital adequacy model, the current regulatory framework governing uk domiciled insurers, plus a lloyd's specific economic capital assessment.
insurers domiciled in the united kingdom may pay dividends to their parent out of their statutory profits subject to restrictions imposed under u.k. company law and solvency ii.
in 2021, hfsg holding company received $295 of dividends from hla and $165 from hartford funds. in addition, hfsg holding company received $1.1 billion of net dividends from p&c subsidiaries in 2021 which excludes $150 of p&c dividends that were subsequently contributed to p&c subsidiaries and $50 of p&c dividends related to interest
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations payments on an intercompany note owed by hartford holdings, inc. ("hhi") to hartford fire insurance company.
|other sources of capital for the hfsg holding company the hartford endeavors to maintain a capital structure that provides financial and operational flexibility to its insurance subsidiaries, ratings that support its competitive position in the financial services marketplace (see the "ratings" section below for further discussion), and stockholder returns. as a result, the company may from time to time raise capital from the issuance of debt, common equity, preferred stock, equity-related debt or other capital securities and is continuously evaluating strategic opportunities. the issuance of debt, common equity, equity-related debt or other capital securities could result in the dilution of stockholder interests or reduced net income to common stockholders due to additional interest expense or preferred stock dividends.
shelf registrations the hartford filed an automatic shelf registration statement with the securities and exchange commission ("the sec") on may 17, 2019 that permits it to offer and sell debt and equity securities during the three-year life of the registration statement.
for further information regarding shelf registrations, see note 14 - debt of notes to consolidated financial statements.
revolving credit facility in 2018, the hartford entered into a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "credit facility") that provides up to $750 of unsecured credit with an expiration date of march 29, 2023. on october 27, 2021, the hartford amended and restated the credit facility and extended it through october 27, 2026. as of december 31, 2021, no borrowings were outstanding and no letters of credit were issued under the credit facility and the hartford was in compliance with all financial covenants. for further information regarding the credit facility, see note 14- debt of notes to consolidated financial statements.
intercompany liquidity agreements the company has $2.0 billion available under an intercompany liquidity agreement that allows for short-term advances of funds among the hfsg holding company and certain affiliates of up to $2.0 billion for liquidity and other general corporate purposes. the connecticut department of insurance ("ctdoi") granted approval for certain affiliated insurance companies that are parties to the agreement to treat receivables from a parent, including the hfsg holding company, as admitted assets for statutory accounting purposes.
as of december 31, 2021, there were no amounts outstanding at the hfsg holding company.
collateralized advances with federal home loan bank of boston the company's subsidiaries, hartford fire insurance company ("hartford fire") and hartford life and accident insurance company ("hla"), are members of the fhlbb. membership allows these subsidiaries access to collateralized advances, which may be short- or long-term with fixed or variable rates. advances may be used to support general corporate purposes, which would be presented as short- or long-term debt, or to earn incremental investment income, which would be presented in other liabilities consistent with other collateralized financing transactions. as of december 31, 2021, there were no advances outstanding. the ctdoi permits hartford fire and hla to pledge up to $1.3 billion and $0.6 billion in qualifying assets, respectively, without prior approval, to secure fhlbb advances in 2022. for further information regarding the company's collateralized advances with federal home loan bank of boston, see note 14 - debt of notes to consolidated financial statements.
lloyd's letter of credit facilities the hartford has entered into a committed credit facility agreement with a syndicate of lenders (the "club facility") as well as a non-committed $25 credit facility with a lender (the "bilateral facility"). the club facility has two tranches with one tranche extending a $104 commitment and the other tranche extending a £85 million ($115 as of december 31, 2021) commitment. as of december 31, 2021, letters of credit with an aggregate face amount of $104 and £68 million, or $92, were outstanding under the club facility and no letters of credit were outstanding under the bilateral facility.
among other covenants, the club facility and bilateral facility contain financial covenants regarding the hartford's consolidated net worth and financial leverage and that limit the amount of letters of credit that can support funds and lloyd's, consistent with lloyd's requirements. as of december 31, 2021, the hartford was in compliance with all financial covenants of both facilities.
for further information regarding the club facility and the bilateral facility, see note 14- debt of notes to consolidated financial statements.
other sources and uses of capital as part of the sale of the former retained interest in talcott resolution, which was completed on june 30, 2021, the company received $217 of proceeds.
in may 2021, the company contributed €15 million ($18) to navigators holdings (europe) n.v., a belgium holding company. on december 29, 2021, the company received approximately $20, before $9 of transaction costs, related to the sale of its continental europe operations.
|pension plans and other postretirement benefits while the company has significant discretion in making voluntary contributions to the u. s. qualified defined benefit pension plan, minimum contributions are mandated in certain circumstances pursuant to the employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended by the pension protection act of 2006, the worker, retiree, and employer recovery act of 2008, the preservation of access to care for medicare beneficiaries and pension relief act of 2010, the moving ahead for progress in the 21st century act of 2012 (map-21) and internal revenue code regulations. the company did not make any contributions to the u. s. qualified defined benefit pension plan in 2021, and made contributions to this pension plan of approximately $70 in both 2020 and 2019. no contributions
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations were made to the other postretirement plans in 2021, 2020 and 2019. the company's 2021, 2020 and 2019 required minimum funding contributions were immaterial. the company does not have a 2022 required minimum funding contribution for the u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plan and the funding requirements for all pension plans are expected to be immaterial. the company has not determined whether, and to what extent, contributions may be made to the u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plan in 2022. the company will monitor the funded status of the u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plan during 2022 to make this determination. as of december 31, 2021, the u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plan is fully funded and in an asset position. for further discussion of pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, see note 19 - employee benefit plans of notes to consolidated financial statements.
|derivative commitments certain of the company's derivative agreements contain provisions that are tied to the financial strength ratings, as set by nationally recognized statistical rating agencies, of the individual legal entity that entered into the derivative agreement. if the legal entity's financial strength were to fall below certain ratings, the counterparties to the derivative agreements could terminate agreements and demand immediate settlement of the outstanding net derivative positions transacted under each agreement. for further information, refer to note 15 - commitments and contingencies of notes to consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2021, no derivative positions would be subject to immediate termination in the event of a downgrade of one level below the current financial strength ratings. this could change as a result of changes in our hedging activities or to the extent changes in contractual terms are negotiated.
|insurance operations while subject to variability period to period, underwriting and investment cash flows continue to provide sufficient liquidity to meet anticipated demands. for information about the impact of covid-19 on the company's cash flows see part i, item 1a, risk factors of this annual report on form 10-k.
the principal sources of operating funds are premiums, fees earned from insurance and administrative service agreements, and investment income, while investing cash flows primarily originate from maturities and sales of invested assets.
the company's insurance operations consist of property and casualty insurance products (collectively referred to as "property & casualty operations") and group benefits.
the company's insurance operations hold fixed maturity securities including a significant short-term investment position (securities with maturities of one year or less at the time of purchase) to meet liquidity needs. liquidity requirements that are unable to be funded by the company's insurance operations' short-term investments would be satisfied with current operating funds, including premiums or investing cash flows, which includes proceeds received through the sale of invested assets. a sale of invested assets could result in significant realized losses.
the following tables represent the fixed maturity holdings, including the aforementioned cash and short-term investments available to meet liquidity needs, for each of the company's insurance operations.
property & casualty as of december 31, 2021
fixed maturities                          $33,143
short-term investments                      1,332
cash                                          176
less: derivative collateral                    36
total                                     $34,615
property & casualty operations invested assets also include $1.4 billion in equity securities, $3.9 billion in mortgage loans and $2.7 billion in limited partnerships and other alternative investments.
group benefits operations as of december 31, 2021
fixed maturities                           $9,487
short-term investments                        352
cash                                           15
less: derivative collateral                    18
total                                      $9,836
group benefits operations invested assets also include $338 in equity securities, $1.5 billion in mortgage loans and $664 in limited partnerships and other alternative investments.
the primary uses of funds are to pay claims, claim adjustment expenses, commissions and other underwriting and insurance operating costs, to pay taxes, to purchase new investments and to make dividend payments to the hfsg holding company.
property & casualty reserves for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses as of december 31, 2021 were $31.4 billion. reserves for property & casualty unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses include case reserves and ibnr. the ultimate amount to be paid to settle both case reserves and ibnr is an estimate, subject to significant uncertainty. the actual amount to be paid is not finally determined until the company reaches a settlement with the claimant. final claim settlements may vary significantly from the present estimates, particularly since many claims will not be settled until well into the future. for a discussion of the hartford's judgment in estimating reserves for property & casualty see part ii, item 7, md&a - critical accounting estimates, property & casualty insurance product reserves, and for historical payments by reserve line net of reinsurance, see note 12 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements. the timing of future payments for the next twelve months and for beyond twelve months could vary materially from historical payment patterns due to, among other things, changes in claim reporting and payment patterns and large unanticipated settlements. in particular, there is significant uncertainty over the claim payment patterns of asbestos and environmental claims.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations group benefits reserves as of december 31, 2021 were $9.0 billion. estimated group life and disability obligations are based on assumptions comparable with the company's historical experience, modified for recent observed trends. for a discussion of the hartford's judgment in estimating reserves for group benefits see part ii, item 7, md&a - critical accounting estimates, group benefit ltd reserves, net of reinsurance, for further discussion on future policy benefits, see note 13 reserve for future policy benefits and for historical payments by reserve line, net of reinsurance, see note 12 - reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements. due to the significance of the assumptions used, payments for the next twelve months and beyond twelve months could materially differ from historical patterns.
corporate includes retained reserves of $458 as of december 31, 2021 related to retained run-off liabilities of its former life and annuity business. for further discussion on future policy benefits, see note 13 reserve for future policy benefits.
hartford funds hartford funds principal sources of operating funds are fees earned from basis points on assets under management with uses primarily for payments to subadvisors and other general operating expenses. as of december 31, 2021, hartford funds cash and short-term investments were $254.
|purchase and other obligations the hartford's unfunded commitments to purchase investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments, private placements, and mortgage loans are disclosed in note 15 - commitments and contingencies of notes to consolidated financial statements. it is anticipated that these unfunded commitments will be funded through the company's normal operating and investing activities.
in the normal course of business, the company enters into contractual commitments to purchase various goods and services such as maintenance, human resources, and information technology. the company's operating lease commitments are disclosed in note 21 - leases of notes to consolidated financial statements. it is anticipated that these purchase commitments and operating lease obligations will be funded through the company's normal operating and investing activities.
|capitalization capital structure december 31, 2021       december 31, 2020         change long-term debt                                                        $4,944                  $4,352                    14%
total debt                                                             4,944                   4,352                    14%
common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci, net of tax               17,337                  17,052                     2%
preferred stock                                                          334                     334                     -%
aoci, net of tax                                                         172                   1,170                  (85)%
total stockholders' equity                                           $17,843                 $18,556                   (4%)
total capitalization                                                 $22,787                 $22,908                   (1%)
debt to stockholders' equity                                              28       %              23       %
debt to capitalization                                                    22       %              19       %
total capitalization decreased $121, or 1%, as of december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020 primarily due to share repurchases in the period and a decrease in aoci, partially offset by net income in excess of stockholder dividends and an increase in long-term debt due to the issuance of the 2.9% notes.
for additional information on aoci, net of tax, including unrealized gains from securities, see note 18 - changes in and reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income and note 6 - investments of notes to consolidated financial statements. for additional information on debt, see note 14 - debt of notes to consolidated financial statements.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
|cash flow[1]
2021                                                                        2020              2019
net cash provided by operating activities            $4,093           $3,871            $3,489
net cash used for investing activities             $(2,466)         $(2,066)          $(2,148)
net cash used for financing activities             $(1,581)         $(1,778)          $(1,191)
cash and restricted cash- end of year                  $337             $239              $262
[1]cash activities in 2021 and 2020 include cash flows related to continental europe operations classified as held for sale beginning in the third quarter of 2020 and sold on december 29, 2021. see note 22 - business dispositions of notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of this transaction.
year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
net cash provided by operating activities increased in 2021 as compared to the prior year period primarily driven by an increase in commercial lines and group benefits premiums received, greater cash distributions from limited partnerships, lower payroll and employee related expenditures, a decrease in restructuring costs and the impact of personal lines premium refunds in the 2020 period. positive cash flow impacts were partially offset by an increase in income taxes paid and an increase in group benefits loss and loss adjustment expenses paid.
cash used for investing activities increased in 2021 as compared to the prior year as a result of a decrease from net proceeds to net payments for equity securities, an increase in net payments for partnerships, an increase in net payments for mortgage loans, an increase in net payments for other investing activities and a decrease from net proceeds to net payments for derivatives, partially offset by an increase from net payments to net proceeds for fixed maturities and consideration received from the sale of the company's equity interest in talcott resolution.
cash used for financing activities decreased primarily due to proceeds from the issuance of debt in 2021, debt repayments in the 2020 period, and a decrease in cash used for securities lending transactions, partially offset by an increase in share repurchases in 2021.
operating cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2021 have been adequate to meet liquidity requirements.
|equity markets for a discussion of the potential impact of the equity markets on capital and liquidity, see the financial risk on statutory capital and liquidity risk section in this md&a.
|ratings ratings are an important factor in establishing a competitive position in the insurance marketplace and impact the company's ability to access financing and its cost of borrowing. there can be no assurance that the company's ratings will continue for any given period of time, or that they will not be changed. in the event the company's ratings are downgraded, the company's competitive position, ability to access financing, and its cost of borrowing, may be adversely impacted.
on july 21, 2021, moody's upgraded the insurance financial strength rating of hla to a1 from a2. the upgrade reflects hla's leading market position in the group life and disability business, its distribution capabilities and consistent profitability, as well as implicit support from the hartford.
insurance financial strength ratings as of february 17, 2022
a.m. best         standard &amp; poor's         moody's hartford fire insurance company                    a+                a+                            a1
hartford life and accident insurance company       a+                a+                            a1
navigators insurance company                       a+                a                             not rated other ratings:
the hartford financial services group, inc.:
senior debt                                        a-                bbb+                          baa1
these ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any of the hartford's securities and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time at the discretion of the rating organization. each agency's rating should be evaluated independently of any other agency's rating. the system and the number of rating categories can vary across rating agencies.
among other factors, rating agencies consider the level of statutory capital and surplus of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries as well as the level of a measure of gaap capital held by the company in determining the company's financial strength and credit ratings. rating agencies may implement changes to their capital formulas that have the effect of increasing the amount of capital we must hold in order to maintain our current ratings. see part i, item 1a. risk factors - "downgrades in our financial strength or credit ratings may make our products less attractive, increase our cost of capital and inhibit our ability to refinance our debt."
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
|statutory capital u.s. statutory capital rollforward for the company's insurance subsidiaries property and casualty insurance subsidiaries [1] [2]       group benefits insurance subsidiary                      total u.s. statutory capital at january 1, 2021                                        $10,795                                          $2,601                         $13,396
statutory income                                                                   1,774                                              32                           1,806
dividends to parent                                                              (1,105)                                           (295)                         (1,400)
other items                                                                          450                                              72                             522
net change to u.s. statutory capital                                               1,119                                           (191)                             928
u.s. statutory capital at december 31, 2021                                      $11,914                                          $2,410                         $14,324
[1]the statutory capital for property and casualty insurance subsidiaries in this table does not include the value of an intercompany note owed by hhi to hartford fire insurance company.
[2]excludes insurance operations in the u.k. and continental europe.
.
stat to gaap differences significant differences between u.s. gaap stockholders' equity and aggregate statutory capital prepared in accordance with u.s. stat include the following:
•u.s. stat excludes equity of non-insurance and foreign insurance subsidiaries not held by u.s. insurance subsidiaries.
•costs incurred by the company to acquire insurance policies are deferred under u.s. gaap while those costs are expensed immediately under u.s. stat.
•temporary differences between the book and tax basis of an asset or liability which are recorded as deferred tax assets are evaluated for recoverability under u.s. gaap while these amounts are then subject to further admissibility tests under u.s. stat.
•the assumptions used in the determination of group benefits reserves (i.e. for group benefits contracts) are prescribed under u.s. stat, while the assumptions used under u.s. gaap are generally the company's best estimates.
•the difference between the amortized cost and fair value of fixed maturity and other investments, net of tax, is recorded as an increase or decrease to the carrying value of the related asset and to equity under u.s. gaap, while, under u.s. stat, most investments are carried at amortized cost with only certain securities carried at fair value, such as equity securities and certain lower rated bonds required by the naic to be recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value.
•u.s. stat for life insurance companies like hla establishes a formula reserve for realized and unrealized losses due to default and equity risks associated with certain invested assets (the asset valuation reserve), while u.s. gaap does not. also, for those realized gains and losses caused by changes in interest rates, u.s. stat for life insurance companies defers and amortizes the gains and losses, caused by changes in interest rates, into income over the original life to maturity of the asset sold (the interest maintenance reserve) while u.s. gaap does not.
•goodwill arising from the acquisition of a business is tested for recoverability on an annual basis (or more frequently, as necessary) for u.s. gaap, while under u.s. stat goodwill is amortized over a period not to exceed 10 years and the amount of goodwill admitted as an asset is limited.
•the deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance for losses ceded to the navigators and a&e adc agreements is recognized within a special category of surplus under u.s. stat but is recognized within other liabilities under u.s. gaap.
in addition, certain assets, including a portion of premiums receivable and fixed assets, are non-admitted (recorded at zero value and charged against surplus) under u.s. stat. u.s. gaap generally evaluates assets based on their recoverability.
|risk based capital the company's u.s. insurance companies' states of domicile impose rbc requirements. the requirements provide a means of measuring the minimum amount of statutory capital appropriate for an insurance company to support its overall business operations based on its size and risk profile. companies below specific trigger points or ratios are classified within certain levels, each of which requires specified corrective action. all of the company's u.s. operating insurance subsidiaries had rbc ratios in excess of the minimum levels required by the applicable insurance regulations.
similar to the rbc ratios that are employed by u.s. insurance regulators, regulatory authorities in the international jurisdictions in which the company operates generally establish minimum solvency requirements for insurance companies. all of the company's international insurance subsidiaries expect to
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations maintain capital levels in excess of the minimum levels required by the applicable regulatory authorities.
|sensitivity in any particular period, statutory capital amounts and rbc ratios may increase or decrease depending upon a variety of factors. the amount of change in the statutory capital or rbc ratios can vary based on individual factors and may be compounded in extreme scenarios or if multiple factors occur at the same time. at times the impact of changes in certain market factors or a combination of multiple factors on rbc ratios can be counterintuitive. for further discussion on these factors, see md&a - enterprise risk management, financial risk on statutory capital.
statutory capital at the insurance subsidiaries has been maintained at capital levels commensurate with the company's desired rbc ratios and ratings from rating agencies. the amount of statutory capital can increase or decrease depending on a number of factors affecting insurance results including, among other factors, the level of catastrophe claims incurred, the amount of reserve development, the effect of changes in interest rates on investment income and the discounting of loss reserves, and the effect of realized gains and losses on investments.
|contingencies legal proceedings for a discussion regarding contingencies related to the hartford's legal proceedings, see the information contained under "litigation" and "run-off asbestos and environmental claims," in note 15 - commitments and contingencies of the notes to consolidated financial statements and part i, item 3 legal proceedings, which are incorporated herein by reference.
legislative and regulatory developments covid-19 global pandemic state and federal lawmakers continue to propose legislation and regulation to address the effects of the covid-19 pandemic and to promote recovery from the pandemic. there have been proposals to impose retroactive coverage of covid-19 claims under existing business interruption coverage provisions. if such proposals were enacted, they could represent a material exposure for the company. further, some states have adopted, or are considering incorporating, a presumption that if certain workers become infected with covid-19, such infection would constitute an occupational disease triggering workers' compensation coverage. in addition, state insurance regulators, including california, new jersey and new york, have encouraged (and in some cases required) insurers to offer immediate relief to policyholders. as the covid-19 global pandemic continues, regulators may require us or we may elect to provide additional consumer and/or business financial relief. we may also see this manifest in the review and approval of new rate filings, with regulators applying heightened scrutiny even when rate reductions are proposed. the duration and scope of such regulatory/company actions are uncertain, and the impacts of such actions could adversely affect the company's insurance business.
proposals have been introduced in congress to enact a pandemic risk insurance coverage through a risk sharing mechanism between insurers and the federal government for future pandemics. timing for any congressional action with respect to these proposals is uncertain at this time. if such a program were to be enacted, it could represent a significant obligation for the company in terms of deductible and co-share obligations.
biden administration build back better agenda during 2021, the biden administration called for congressional action on the president's build back better agenda, which outlined funding across traditional infrastructure and human infrastructure in the u.s.
on november 15, 2021, president biden signed the bipartisan "infrastructure investment and jobs act" into law, which provided funding for traditional infrastructure such as roads, bridges and highways.
the second phase of build back better proposes funding for a national paid family and medical leave program, clean energy initiatives, affordable childcare and more in the build back better act.
notably, a national paid family and medical leave program could affect existing state-based disability and paid leave programs or other products and services that the company provides through its group benefits business.
if enacted, the effect of new proposals from the build back better agenda on the company's operations, including the ability to attract new business and retain existing customers is unclear. while congress is considering partisan action on the build back better agenda, the nature and timing of such action is unclear.
patient protection and affordable care act of 2010 (the "affordable care act")
it is unclear whether the administration, congress or the courts will seek to reverse, amend or alter the ongoing operation of the affordable care act ("aca"). if such actions were to occur, they might have an impact on various aspects of our businesses, including our insurance businesses. the hartford's core business does not involve the issuance of health insurance, and we have not observed any material impacts on the company's workers' compensation business or group benefits business from the aca. we will continue to monitor the impact of the aca and any reforms on consumer, broker and medical provider behavior for leading indicators of changes in medical costs or loss payments primarily on the company's workers' compensation and disability liabilities. the potential effect on the hartford as an employer would be consistent with other large employers.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations us tax reform as congress debates action on various spending initiatives, it may consider a variety of proposals to fund the cost of new spending with revenue raising measures. proposals from the build back better agenda, as well as the biden administration commitment to the oecd global minimum tax, could be drivers of tax policy changes, including a possible increase in the corporate tax rate, creation of a corporate minimum tax and other changes to taxes owed on income earned outside of the u.s. these and other tax proposals and regulatory initiatives that may be considered by congress and/or the u.s. treasury department could have a material effect on the company and its insurance businesses. the nature and timing of any congressional or regulatory action with respect to any such efforts is unclear.
post-brexit uk regulatory reforms the uk prudential regulation authority ("pra") is reviewing the solvency ii regime, introduced across the eu during 2016 to align insurance entities' risk frameworks for managing capital adequacy and risk management practices, as well as increased transparency and enhanced regulatory supervision.
the pra also recognizes that climate change presents a material financial risk to insurers and the financial system and for 2022 the pra will incorporate the financial risks posed by supervision into its core supervisory approach.
guaranty fund and other insurance-related assessments for a discussion regarding guaranty fund and other insurance-related assessments, see note 15 - commitments and contingencies of notes to consolidated financial statements.
impact of new accounting standards for a discussion of accounting standards, see note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements.
|
index to md&amp;a part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations acronyms a&amp;e asbestos and environmental                    himco hartford investment management company abs asset backed securities                           ibnr incurred but not reported acl allowance for credit losses                       it information technology adc adverse development cover                         lcl liability for credit losses afs available-for-sale                                libor london inter-bank offered rate alae allocated loss adjustment expenses               ltd long-term disability aoci accumulated other comprehensive income           ltv loan-to-value aum assets under management                           md&amp;a management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations cay current accident year                             naic national association of insurance commissioners clo collateralized loan obligation                    nic navigators insurance company cmbs commercial mortgage-backed securities            nico national indemnity company, a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway inc. ("berkshire")
dac deferred policy acquisition costs                 nm not meaningful dei diversity, equity and inclusion                   nols net operating loss carryforwards or carrybacks dlr disabled life reserve                             nsic navigators specialty insurance company dscr debt service coverage ratio                      oci other comprehensive income ercc enterprise risk and capital committee            otc over-the-counter espp the hartford employee stock purchase plan        p&amp;c property and casualty etf exchange-traded funds                             pg&amp;e pg&amp;e corporation and pacific gas and electric company etp exchange-traded products                          pyd prior year development fal funds at lloyd's                                  rbc risk-based capital fasb financial accounting standards board             rmbs residential mortgage-backed securities fhlbb federal home loan bank of boston                roa return on assets gaap generally accepted accounting principles         roe return on equity gb group benefits                                     scr solvency capital requirement hfsg hartford financial services group, inc.          sofr secured overnight funding rate hhi hartford holdings, inc.                           ulae unallocated loss adjustment expenses
|part ii - item 9a. controls and procedures
