item 1a. risk factors risks relating to our business if we do not design and price our products properly and competitively, if the premiums we charge are insufficient to cover the cost of health care services delivered to our members, if we are unable to implement clinical initiatives to provide a better health care experience for our members, lower costs and appropriately document the risk profile of our members, or if our estimates of benefits expense are inadequate, our profitability may be materially adversely affected. we estimate the costs of our benefits expense payments, and design and price our products accordingly, using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon, among other relevant factors, claim payment patterns, medical cost inflation, and historical developments such as claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns. these estimates involve extensive judgment, and have considerable inherent variability because they are extremely sensitive to changes in claim payment patterns and medical cost trends. accordingly, our reserves may be insufficient.
we use a substantial portion of our revenues to pay the costs of health care services delivered to our members, including claims payments, capitation payments to providers (predetermined amounts paid to cover services), estimates of future payments to hospitals and others for medical care provided to our members, and various other costs. generally, premiums in the health care business are fixed for one-year periods. accordingly, costs we incur in excess of our benefit cost projections generally are not recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. we estimate the costs of our future benefit claims and other expenses using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon claim payment patterns, medical inflation, historical developments, including claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns, and other relevant factors. we also record benefits payable for future payments. we continually review estimates of future payments relating to benefit claims costs for services incurred in the current and prior periods and make necessary adjustments to our reserves, including premium deficiency reserves where appropriate. however, these estimates involve extensive judgment, and have considerable inherent variability that is sensitive to claim payment patterns and medical cost trends. many factors may and often do cause actual health care costs to exceed what was estimated and used to set our premiums. these factors may include:
•increased use of medical facilities and services, and the increased cost of such services;
•increased use or cost of prescription drugs, including specialty prescription drugs;
•the introduction of new or costly treatments, prescription drugs, or new technologies;
•our membership mix;
•variances in actual versus estimated levels of cost associated with new products, benefits or lines of business, product changes or benefit level changes;
•changes in the demographic characteristics of an account or market;
•changes or reductions of our utilization management functions such as preauthorization of services, concurrent review or requirements for physician referrals;
•changes in our purchase discounts or pharmacy volume rebates received from drug manufacturers and wholesalers, which are generally passed on to clients in the form of steeper price discounts;
•catastrophes, including acts of terrorism, public health emergencies, epidemics or pandemics (such as the spread of covid-19 or natural disasters (such as hurricanes and earthquakes) which could occur more frequently or with more intense effects as a result of the impact of global climate change;
•medical cost inflation; and
•government mandated benefits, member eligibility criteria, or other legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes.
key to our operational strategy is the implementation of clinical initiatives that we believe provide a better health care experience for our members, lower the cost of healthcare services delivered to our members, and appropriately document the risk profile of our members. our profitability and competitiveness depend in large part on our ability to appropriately manage health care costs through, among other things, the application of medical management programs such as our chronic care management program.
while we proactively attempt to effectively manage our operating expenses, increases or decreases in staff-related expenses, any costs associated with exiting products, additional investment in new products (including our opportunities in the medicare programs, state-based contracts, and expansion of clinical capabilities as part of our integrated care delivery model), investments in health and well-being product offerings, acquisitions, new taxes and assessments, and implementation of regulatory requirements may increase our operating expenses.
failure to adequately price our products or estimate sufficient benefits payable or effectively manage our operating expenses, may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
we are in a highly competitive industry. some of our competitors are more established in the health care industry in terms of a larger market share and have greater financial resources than we do in some markets. in addition, other companies may enter our markets in the future, including emerging competitors in the medicare program or competitors in the delivery of health care services. we believe that barriers to entry in our markets are not substantial, so the addition of new competitors can occur relatively easily, and customers enjoy significant flexibility in moving between competitors through the medicare annual enrollment period. in addition, contracts for the sale of group commercial products are generally bid upon or renewed annually. while health plans compete on the basis of many factors, including service and the quality and depth of provider networks, we expect that price will continue to be a significant basis of competition. in addition to the challenge of controlling health care costs, we face intense competitive pressure to contain premium prices. factors such as business consolidations, strategic alliances, legislative reform, and marketing practices create pressure to contain premium price increases, despite being faced with increasing medical and administrative costs.
the policies and decisions of the federal and state governments regarding the medicare advantage and prescription drug plans, military and medicaid programs in which we participate have a substantial impact on our profitability. these governmental policies and decisions, which we cannot predict with certainty, directly shape the premiums or other revenues to us under the programs, the eligibility and enrollment of our members, the services we provide to our members, and our administrative, health care services, and other costs associated with these programs. legislative or regulatory actions, such as changes to the programs in which we participate, those resulting in a reduction in premium payments to us, an increase in our cost of administrative and health care services, or additional fees, taxes or assessments, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
premium increases, introduction of new product designs, and our relationships with our providers in various markets, among other issues, could also affect our membership levels. other actions that could affect membership levels include our possible exit from or entrance into medicare or commercial markets, or the termination of a large contract.
if we do not compete effectively in our markets, if we set rates too high or too low in highly competitive markets to keep or increase our market share, if membership does not increase as we expect, if membership declines, or if we lose membership with favorable medical cost experience while retaining or increasing membership with unfavorable medical cost experience, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
if we fail to effectively implement our operational and strategic initiatives, including our medicare initiatives and our state-based contracts strategy, our business may be materially adversely affected, which is of particular importance given the concentration of our revenues in these products. in addition, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving our star ratings in future years.
our future performance depends in large part upon our ability to execute our strategy, including opportunities created by the expansion of our medicare programs, the successful implementation of our integrated care delivery model and our strategy with respect to state-based contracts, including those covering members dually eligible for the medicare and medicaid programs.
we have made substantial investments in the medicare program to enhance our ability to participate in these programs. the growth of our medicare products is an important part of our business strategy, and the attendant concentration of revenues intensifies the risks to us inherent in medicare products. any failure to achieve this growth may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
the achievement of star ratings of 4-star or higher qualifies medicare advantage plans for premium bonuses. our medicare advantage plans' operating results may be significantly affected by their star ratings. despite our operational efforts to improve our star ratings, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving our star ratings in future years. in addition, audits of our performance for past or future periods may result in downgrades to our star ratings. accordingly, our plans may not be eligible for full level quality bonuses, which could adversely affect the benefits such plans can offer, reduce membership and/or reduce profit margins.
if we fail to properly maintain the integrity of our data, to strategically maintain existing or implement new information systems, or to protect our proprietary rights to our systems, our business may be materially adversely affected.
our business depends significantly on effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to run our business. our business strategy involves providing members and providers with easy to use products that leverage our information to meet their needs. our ability to adequately price our products and services, provide effective and efficient service to our customers, and to timely and accurately report our financial results depends significantly on the integrity of the data in our information systems. these systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop and integrate new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences, and even with such resources there is no assurance that we will be able to do so. if the information we rely upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to improve service levels or maintain effectively our information systems and data integrity, we could have operational disruptions, problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing, customer and health care provider disputes, regulatory or other legal problems, difficulty preventing and detecting fraud, have increases in operating expenses, loss of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers, or other adverse consequences, each of which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
we depend on independent third parties for significant portions of our systems-related support, equipment, facilities, and certain data, including data center operations, data network, voice communication services and pharmacy data processing. this dependence makes our operations vulnerable to such third parties' failure to perform adequately under the contract, due to internal or external factors. a change in service providers could result in a decline in service quality and effectiveness or less favorable contract terms which may adversely affect our operating results.
we rely on our agreements with customers and service providers, confidentiality agreements with employees, and our trade secrets and copyrights to protect our proprietary rights. these legal protections and precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information. in addition, substantial litigation regarding intellectual property rights exists in the software industry, including litigation involving end users of software products. we expect software products to be increasingly subject to third-party infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in this area grows. the misappropriation of our proprietary information and/or third-party infringement claims against any software products we use could hinder our ability to market and sell products and services and may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
if we, and the third party service providers on whom we rely, are unable to defend our information technology security systems against cybersecurity attacks or prevent other privacy or data security incidents that result in security breaches that disrupt our operations or in the unintentional dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information, we could be exposed to significant regulatory fines or penalties, liability or reputational damage, or experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
in the ordinary course of our business, we process, store and transmit large amounts of data, and rely on third party service providers to do the same, including sensitive personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or a third-party. we have been, and will likely continue to be, regular targets of attempted cybersecurity attacks and other security threats and may be subject to breaches of our information technology security systems. although the impact of such attacks has not been material to our operations or results of operations, financial position, or cash flow through december 31, 2021, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to detect, prevent, or contain the effects of such cybersecurity attacks or other information security risks or threats in the future. a cybersecurity attack may penetrate our layered security controls and misappropriate or compromise sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information or that of third-parties, create system disruptions, cause shutdowns, or deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our systems. a cybersecurity attack that bypasses our it security systems, or the security of third party service providers, could materially affect us due to the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential data or intellectual property, operational or business delays resulting from the disruption of our it systems, or negative publicity resulting in reputation or brand damage with our members, customers, providers, and other stakeholders.
the costs to detect, prevent, eliminate or address cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities before or after an incident could be substantial. our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential members. in addition, breaches of our security measures or the security measures of third party service providers, and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information about us or our members or other third-parties, could expose our associates' or members' private information and result in the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third-parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in significant regulatory fines or penalties, litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business.
we are involved in various legal actions and governmental and internal investigations, any of which, if resolved unfavorably to us, could result in substantial monetary damages or changes in our business practices. increased litigation and negative publicity could increase our cost of doing business.
we are or may become a party to a variety of legal actions that affect our business, including breach of contract actions, employment compensation and other labor and employment practice suits, employee benefit claims, stockholder suits and other securities laws claims, intellectual and other property claims, and tort claims.
in addition, because of the nature of the health care business, we are subject to a variety of legal actions relating to our business operations, including the design, management, and offering of products and services. these include and could include in the future: claims relating to the methodologies for calculating premiums; claims relating to the denial of health care benefit payments; claims relating to the denial or rescission of insurance coverage; challenges to the use of some software products used in administering claims; claims relating to our administration of our medicare part d offerings; medical malpractice actions brought against our employed providers or affiliated physician-owned professional groups, based on our medical necessity decisions or brought against us on the theory that we are liable for a third-party providers' alleged malpractice; claims arising from any adverse medical consequences resulting from our recommendations about the appropriateness of providers' proposed medical treatment plans for patients; allegations of anti-competitive and unfair business activities; provider disputes over compensation or non-acceptance or termination of provider contracts; disputes related to aso business, including actions alleging claim administration errors; false claims litigation, such as qui tam lawsuits, brought by individuals who seek to sue on behalf of the government, alleging that we, as a government contractor, submitted false claims to the government or retained overpayments from the government, among other allegations, resulting from coding and review practices under the medicare risk-adjustment model; claims related to the failure to disclose some business practices; claims relating to customer audits and contract performance; claims relating to dispensing of drugs associated with our in-house dispensing pharmacies; and professional liability claims arising out of the delivery of healthcare and related services to the public.
in some cases, substantial non-economic or punitive damages as well as treble damages under the federal false claims act, racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act and other statutes may be sought.
while we currently have insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities, other potential liabilities may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage, or the amount of our insurance may not be enough to cover the damages awarded. in addition, some types of damages, like punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance. in some jurisdictions, coverage of punitive damages is prohibited. insurance coverage for all or some forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future.
the health benefits industry continues to receive significant negative publicity reflecting the public perception of the industry. this publicity and perception have been accompanied by increased litigation, including some large jury awards, legislative activity, regulation, and governmental review of industry practices. these factors may materially adversely affect our ability to market our products or services, may require us to change our products or services or otherwise change our business practices, may increase the regulatory burdens under which we operate, and may require us to pay large judgments or fines. any combination of these factors could further increase our cost of doing business and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
see "legal proceedings and certain regulatory matters" in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data. we cannot predict the outcome of these matters with certainty.
as a government contractor, we are exposed to risks that may materially adversely affect our business or our willingness or ability to participate in government health care programs.
a significant portion of our revenues relates to federal and state government health care coverage programs, including the medicare, military, and medicaid programs. these programs accounted for approximately 89% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021. these programs involve various risks, as described further below.
•at december 31, 2021, under our contracts with cms we provided health insurance coverage to approximately 769,100 individual medicare advantage members in florida. these contracts accounted for approximately 15% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021. the loss of these and other cms contracts (which are generally renewed annually) or significant changes in the medicare advantage and prescription drug plan programs as a result of legislative or regulatory action, including reductions in premium payments to us or increases in member benefits or changes to member eligibility criteria without corresponding increases in premium payments to us, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
•at december 31, 2021, our military services business, which accounted for approximately 1% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily consisted of the tricare t2017 east region contract. the t2017 east region contract is a consolidation of the former t3 north and south regions, comprising 32 states and approximately six million tricare beneficiaries, under which delivery of health care services commenced on january 1, 2018. the t2017 east region contract is a 5 -year contract set to expire on december 31, 2022, unless extended, and is subject to renewals on january 1 of each year during its term at the government's option. the loss of the tricare t2017 east region contract may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
•there is a possibility of temporary or permanent suspension from participating in government health care programs, including medicare and medicaid, if we are convicted of fraud or other criminal conduct in the performance of a health care program or if there is an adverse decision against us under the federal false claims act. as a government contractor, we may be subject to qui tam litigation brought by individuals who seek to sue on behalf of the government, alleging that the government contractor submitted false claims to the government. litigation of this nature is filed under seal to allow the government an opportunity to investigate and to decide if it wishes to intervene and assume control of the litigation. if the government does not intervene, the lawsuit is unsealed, and the individual may continue to prosecute the action on his or her own.
•cms uses a risk-adjustment model which adjusts premiums paid to medicare advantage, or ma, plans according to health status of covered members. the risk-adjustment model, which cms implemented pursuant to the balanced budget act of 1997 (bba) and the benefits improvement and protection act of 2000 (bipa), generally pays more where a plan's membership has higher expected costs. under this model, rates paid to ma plans are based on actuarially determined bids, which include a process whereby our prospective payments are based on our estimated cost of providing standard medicare-covered benefits to an enrollee with a "national average risk profile." that baseline payment amount is adjusted to reflect the health status of our enrolled membership. under the risk-adjustment methodology, all ma plans must collect from providers and submit the necessary diagnosis code information to cms within prescribed deadlines. the cms risk-adjustment model uses the diagnosis data to calculate the risk-adjusted premium payment to ma plans, which cms adjusts for coding pattern differences between the health plans and the government fee-for-service program. we generally rely on providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to cms as the basis for our payment received from cms under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. we also rely on these providers to document appropriately all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. in addition, we conduct medical record reviews as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, to more accurately reflect diagnosis conditions under the risk adjustment model. these compliance efforts include the internal contract level audits described in more detail below, as well as ordinary course reviews of our internal business processes.
cms is phasing-in the process of calculating risk scores using diagnoses data from the risk adjustment processing system, or raps, to diagnoses data from the encounter data system, or eds. the raps process requires ma plans to apply a filter logic based on cms guidelines and only submit diagnoses that satisfy those guidelines. for submissions through eds, cms requires ma plans to submit all the encounter data and cms will apply the risk adjustment filtering logic to determine the risk scores. for 2021, 75% of the risk score was calculated from claims data submitted through eds. cms will complete the phased-in transition from raps to eds by using only eds data to calculate risk scores in 2022. the phase-in from raps to eds could result in different risk scores from each dataset as a result of plan processing issues, cms processing issues, or filtering logic differences between raps and eds, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
cms and the office of the inspector general of health and human services, or hhs-oig, are continuing to perform audits of various companies' selected ma contracts related to this risk adjustment diagnosis data. we refer to these audits as risk-adjustment data validation audits, or radv audits. radv audits review medical records in an attempt to validate provider medical record documentation and coding practices which influence the calculation of premium payments to ma plans.
in 2012, cms released a "notice of final payment error calculation methodology for part c medicare advantage risk adjustment data validation (radv) contract-level audits." the payment error calculation methodology provided that, in calculating the economic impact of audit results for an ma contract, if any, the results of the radv audit sample would be extrapolated to the entire ma contract after a comparison of the audit results to a similar audit of the government's traditional fee-for-service medicare program, or medicare ffs. we refer to the process of accounting for errors in ffs claims as the "ffs adjuster." this comparison of radv audit results to the ffs error rate is necessary to determine the economic impact, if any, of radv audit results because the government used the medicare ffs program data set, including any attendant errors that are present in that data set, to estimate the costs of various health status conditions and to set the resulting adjustments to ma plans' payment rates in order to establish actuarial equivalence in payment rates as required under the medicare statute. cms already makes other adjustments to payment rates based on a comparison of coding pattern differences between ma plans and medicare ffs data (such as for frequency of coding for certain diagnoses in ma plan data versus the medicare ffs program dataset).
the final radv extrapolation methodology, including the first application of extrapolated audit results to determine audit settlements, is expected to be applied to cms radv contract level audits conducted for contract year 2011 and subsequent years. cms is currently conducting radv contract level audits for certain of our medicare advantage plans.
estimated audit settlements are recorded as a reduction of premiums revenue in our consolidated statements of income, based upon available information. we perform internal contract level audits based on the radv audit methodology prescribed by cms. included in these internal contract level audits is an audit of our private fee-for service business which we used to represent a proxy of the ffs adjuster which has not yet been finalized. we based our accrual of estimated audit settlements for each contract year on the results of these internal contract level audits and update our estimates as each audit is completed. estimates derived from these results were not material to our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. we report the results of these internal contract level audits to cms, including identified overpayments, if any.
on october 26, 2018, cms issued a proposed rule and accompanying materials (which we refer to as the "proposed rule") related to, among other things, the radv audit methodology described above. if implemented, the proposed rule would use extrapolation in radv audits applicable to payment year 2011 contract-level audits and all subsequent audits, without the application of a ffs adjuster to audit findings. we believe that the proposed rule fails to address adequately the statutory requirement of actuarial equivalence, and have provided substantive comments to cms on the proposed rule as part of the notice-and-comment rulemaking process. whether, and to what extent, cms finalizes the proposed rule, and any related regulatory, industry or company reactions, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
in addition, as part of our internal compliance efforts, we routinely perform ordinary course reviews of our internal business processes related to, among other things, our risk coding and data submissions in connection with the risk adjustment model. these reviews may also result in the identification of errors and the submission of corrections to cms, that may, either individually or in the aggregate, be material. as such, the result of these reviews may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
we will continue to work with cms to ensure that ma plans are paid accurately and that payment model principles are in accordance with the requirements of the social security act, which, if not implemented correctly could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
•our cms contracts which cover members' prescription drugs under medicare part d contain provisions for risk sharing and certain payments for prescription drug costs for which we are not at risk. these provisions, certain of which are described below, affect our ultimate payments from cms.
the premiums from cms are subject to risk corridor provisions which compare costs targeted in our annual bids to actual prescription drug costs, limited to actual costs that would have been incurred under the standard coverage as defined by cms. variances exceeding certain thresholds may result in cms making additional payments to us or require us to refund to cms a portion of the premiums we received (known as a "risk corridor"). we estimate and recognize an adjustment to premiums revenue related to the risk corridor payment settlement based upon pharmacy claims experience. the estimate of the settlement associated with these risk corridor provisions requires us to consider factors that may not be certain, including member eligibility differences with cms. our estimate of the settlement associated with the medicare part d risk corridor provisions was a net receivable of $106 million at december 31, 2021 and net receivable of $95 million at december 31, 2020.
reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies represent payments from cms in connection with the medicare part d program for which we assume no risk. reinsurance subsidies represent payments for cms's portion of claims costs which exceed the member's out-of-pocket threshold, or the catastrophic coverage level. low-income cost subsidies represent payments from cms for all or a portion of the deductible, the coinsurance and co-payment amounts above the out-of-pocket threshold for low-income beneficiaries. monthly prospective payments from cms for reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies are based on assumptions submitted with our annual bid. a reconciliation and settlement of cms's prospective subsidies against actual prescription drug costs we paid is made after the end of the applicable year.
settlement of the reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies as well as the risk corridor payment is based on a reconciliation made approximately 9 months after the close of each calendar year. this reconciliation process requires us to submit claims data necessary for cms to administer the program. our claims data may not pass cms's claims edit processes due to various reasons, including discrepancies in eligibility or classification of low-income members. to the extent our data does not pass cms's claim edit processes, we may bear the risk for all or a portion of the claim which otherwise may have been subject to the risk corridor provision or payment which we would have otherwise received as a low-income subsidy or reinsurance claim. in addition, in the event the settlement represents an amount cms owes us, there is a negative impact on our cash flows and financial condition as a result of financing cms's share of the risk. the opposite is true in the event the settlement represents an amount we owe cms. further, legislative or regulatory changes to how actual prescription drug costs are reported or calculated may lower reinsurance or low-income cost subsidies paid by cms and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
•we are also subject to various other governmental audits and investigations. under state laws, our hmos and health insurance companies are audited by state departments of insurance for financial and contractual compliance. our hmos are audited for compliance with health services by state departments of health. audits and investigations, including audits of risk adjustment data, are also conducted by state attorneys general, cms, hhs-oig, the office of personnel management, the department of justice, the department of labor, and the defense contract audit agency. all of these activities could result in the loss of licensure or the right to participate in various programs, including a limitation on our ability to market or sell products, the imposition of fines, penalties and other civil and criminal sanctions, or changes in our business practices. the outcome of any current or future governmental or internal investigations cannot be accurately predicted, nor can we predict any resulting penalties, fines or other sanctions that may be imposed at the discretion of federal or state regulatory authorities. nevertheless, it is reasonably possible that any such outcome of litigation, penalties, fines or other sanctions could be substantial, and the outcome of these matters may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. certain of these matters could also affect our reputation. in addition, disclosure of any adverse investigation or audit results or sanctions could negatively affect our industry or our reputation in various markets and make it more difficult for us to sell our products and services.
our business activities are subject to substantial government regulation. new laws or regulations, or legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes in existing laws or regulations or their manner of application could increase our cost of doing business and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, or cash flows.
the health care reform law and other current or future legislative, judicial or regulatory changes the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010 (which we collectively refer to as the health care reform law) enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the u.s. health insurance industry. certain significant provisions of the health care reform law include, among others, mandated coverage requirements, mandated benefits and guarantee issuance associated with commercial medical insurance, rebates to policyholders based on minimum benefit ratios, adjustments to medicare advantage premiums, the establishment of federally facilitated or state-based exchanges coupled with programs designed to spread risk among insurers, and the introduction of plan designs based on set actuarial values. in addition, the health care reform law established insurance industry assessments, including an annual health insurance industry fee. the annual health insurance industry fee, which is not deductible for income tax purposes and significantly increases our effective tax rate, was in effect for calendar year 2020 and permanently repealed beginning in calendar year 2021.
it is reasonably possible that the health care reform law and related regulations, as well as other current or future legislative (including the families first coronavirus response act (the "families first act"), the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act") and other legislative or regulatory action taken in response to covid-19), judicial or regulatory changes, including restrictions on our ability to manage our provider network or otherwise operate our business, or restrictions on profitability, including reviews by regulatory bodies that may compare our medicare advantage business profitability to our non-medicare advantage business profitability, or compare the profitability of various products within our medicare advantage business, and require that they remain within certain ranges of each other, increases in member benefits or changes to member eligibility criteria without corresponding increases in premium payments to us, increases in regulation of our prescription drug benefit businesses, or changes to the part d prescription drug benefit design may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations (including restricting revenue, enrollment and premium growth in certain products and market segments, restricting our ability to expand into new markets, increasing our medical and operating costs, further lowering our medicare payment rates and increasing our expenses associated with assessments); our financial position (including our ability to maintain the value of our goodwill); and our cash flows.
additionally, potential legislative changes or judicial determinations, including activities to repeal or replace the health care reform law or declare all or certain portions of the health care reform law unconstitutional, create uncertainty for our business, and we cannot predict when, or in what form, such legislative changes or judicial determinations may occur.
health insurance portability and accountability act (hipaa) and the health information technology for economic and clinical health act (hitech act)
the use of individually identifiable health data by our business is regulated at federal and state levels. these laws and rules are changed frequently by legislation or administrative interpretation. various state laws address the use and maintenance of individually identifiable health data. most are derived from the privacy provisions in the federal gramm-leach-bliley act and the health insurance portability and accountability act, or hipaa. hipaa includes administrative provisions directed at simplifying electronic data interchange through standardizing transactions, establishing uniform health care provider, payer, and employer identifiers, and seeking protections for the confidentiality and security of patient data. the rules do not provide for complete federal preemption of state laws, but rather preempt all inconsistent state laws unless the state law is more stringent. these regulations set standards for the security of electronic health information, including requirements that insurers provide customers with notice regarding how their non-public personal information is used, including an opportunity to "opt out" of certain disclosures.
the hitech act, one part of the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009, significantly broadened and strengthened the scope of the privacy and security regulations of hipaa and imposes additional limits on the use and disclosure of protected health information, or phi. among other requirements, the hitech act and hipaa requires us and other covered entities to report any unauthorized release or use of or access to phi to any impacted individuals and to hhs in those instances where the unauthorized activity poses a significant risk of financial, reputational or other harm to the individuals, and to notify the media in any states where 500 or more people are impacted by any unauthorized release or use of or access to phi, requires business associates to comply with certain provisions of the hipaa privacy and security rule, and grants enforcement authority to state attorneys general in addition to the hhs office of civil rights.
in addition, there are numerous federal and state laws and regulations addressing patient and consumer privacy concerns, including unauthorized access or theft of personal information. state statutes and regulations vary from state to state and could impose additional penalties. violations of hipaa or applicable federal or state laws or regulations could subject us to significant criminal or civil penalties, including significant monetary penalties. compliance with hipaa and other privacy regulations requires significant systems enhancements, training and administrative effort. hipaa can also expose us to additional liability for violations by our business associates (e.g., entities that provide services to health plans and providers).
corporate practice of medicine and other laws as a corporate entity, humana inc. is not licensed to practice medicine. many states in which we operate through our subsidiaries limit the practice of medicine to licensed individuals or professional organizations comprised of licensed individuals, and business corporations generally may not exercise control over the medical decisions of physicians. statutes and regulations relating to the practice of medicine, fee-splitting between physicians and referral sources, and similar issues vary widely from state to state. under management agreements between certain of our subsidiaries and affiliated physician-owned professional groups, these groups retain sole responsibility for all medical decisions, as well as for hiring and managing physicians and other licensed healthcare providers, developing operating policies and procedures, implementing professional standards and controls, and maintaining malpractice insurance. we believe that our health services operations comply with applicable state statutes regarding corporate practice of medicine, fee-splitting, and similar issues. however, any enforcement actions by governmental officials alleging non-compliance with these statutes, which could subject us to penalties or restructuring or reorganization of our business, may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
anti-kickback, physician self-referral, and other fraud and abuse laws we are subject to various federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws including the federal false claims act (the "false claims act"), the federal anti-kickback statute (the "anti-kickback statute"), the federal "stark law," and related state laws. potential sanctions for violating these laws include recoupment or reduction of government reimbursement amounts, civil penalties, treble damages, and exclusion from participating in the medicare and medicaid programs or other government healthcare programs. the false claims act prohibits knowingly submitting, conspiring to submit, or causing to be submitted, false claims, records, or statements to the federal government, or intentionally failing to return overpayments, in connection with reimbursement by federal government programs. the anti-kickback statute prohibits the offer, payment, solicitation, or receipt of any form of remuneration to induce, or in return for, the referral of business under medicare or other governmental health program. the stark law prohibits physicians from referring medicare or medicaid beneficiaries for certain services to any entity with which the physician, or an immediate family member of the physician, has a financial relationship, unless the financial relationship fits within a permissible exception.
many states also have enacted laws similar in scope and purpose to the anti-kickback statute and, in more limited instances, the stark law, that are not limited to services for which medicare or medicaid payment is made. in addition, most states have statutes, regulations, or professional codes that restrict a physician from accepting various kinds of remuneration in exchange for making referrals. these laws vary from state to state and have seldom been interpreted by the courts or regulatory agencies. in states that have enacted these statutes, we believe that regulatory authorities and state courts interpreting these statutes may regard federal law under the anti-kickback statute and the stark law as persuasive.
we believe that our operations comply with the anti-kickback statute, the stark law, and similar federal or state laws addressing fraud and abuse. these laws are subject to modification and changes in interpretation, and are enforced by authorities vested with broad discretion. we continually monitor developments in this area. if these laws are interpreted in a manner contrary to our interpretation or are reinterpreted or amended, or if new legislation is enacted with respect to healthcare fraud and abuse, illegal remuneration, or similar issues, we may be required to restructure our affected operations to maintain compliance with applicable law. there can be no assurances that any such restructuring will be possible or, if possible, would not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
state regulation of our products and services laws in each of the states (and puerto rico) in which we operate our hmos, ppos and other health insurance-related services regulate our operations including: capital adequacy and other licensing requirements, policy language describing benefits, mandated benefits and processes, entry, withdrawal or re-entry into a state or market, rate increases, delivery systems, utilization review procedures, quality assurance, complaint systems, enrollment requirements, claim payments, marketing, and advertising. the hmo, ppo, and other health insurance-related products we offer are sold under licenses issued by the applicable insurance regulators.
our licensed insurance subsidiaries are also subject to regulation under state insurance holding company and puerto rico regulations. these regulations generally require, among other things, prior approval and/or notice of new products, rates, benefit changes, and certain material transactions, including dividend payments, purchases or sales of assets, intercompany agreements, and the filing of various financial and operational reports.
certain of our healthcare services businesses require a certificate of need, or con, to operate in certain states. these states restrict the entry of new providers or services and the expansion of existing providers or services in their state through a con process, which is periodically evaluated and updated as required by applicable state law. to the extent that we require a con or other similar approvals to expand our operations, our expansion could be adversely affected by our inability to obtain the necessary approval. to the extent laws in these con states change, including the elimination of the con requirement, the intangible value associated with these cons may be impaired.
any failure by us to manage acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
as part of our business strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties regarding possible investments, acquisitions, divestitures, strategic alliances, joint ventures, and outsourcing transactions and often enter into agreements relating to such transactions in order to further our business objectives. in order to pursue our acquisition strategy successfully, we must identify suitable candidates for and successfully complete transactions, some of which may be large and complex, and manage post-closing issues such as the integration of acquired companies or employees. integration and other risks can be more pronounced for larger and more complicated transactions, transactions outside of our core business space, or if multiple transactions are pursued simultaneously. the failure to successfully integrate acquired entities and businesses or failure to produce results consistent with the financial model used in the analysis of our transactions may cause asset write-offs, restructuring costs or other expenses and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. if we fail to identify and complete successfully transactions that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend resources to develop products and technology internally. in addition, from time to time, we evaluate alternatives for our businesses that do not meet our strategic, growth or profitability objectives, and we may divest or wind down such businesses. there can be no assurance that we will be able to complete any such divestiture on terms favorable to us, and the divestiture of certain businesses could result, individually or in the aggregate, in the recognition of material losses and a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with the providers of care to our members, our business may be adversely affected.
we employ or contract with physicians, hospitals and other providers to deliver health care to our members. our products encourage or require our customers to use these contracted providers. a key component of our integrated care delivery strategy is to increase the number of providers who share medical cost risk with us or have financial incentives to deliver quality medical services in a cost-effective manner.
in any particular market, providers could refuse to contract with us, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher health care costs for us, less desirable products for customers and members or difficulty meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. in some markets, some providers, particularly hospitals, physician specialty groups, physician/hospital organizations, or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions and negotiating power. in addition, physician or practice management companies, which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage, may compete directly with us. if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate unfavorable contracts with us or place us at a competitive disadvantage, or do not enter into contracts with us that encourage the delivery of quality medical services in a cost-effective manner, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas may be adversely affected.
in some situations, we have contracts with individual or groups of primary care providers for an actuarially determined, fixed fee per month to provide a basket of required medical services to our members. this type of contract is referred to as a "capitation" contract. the inability of providers to properly manage costs under these capitation arrangements can result in the financial instability of these providers and the termination of their relationship with us. in addition, payment or other disputes between a primary care provider and specialists with whom the primary care provider contracts can result in a disruption in the provision of services to our members or a reduction in the services available to our members. the financial instability or failure of a primary care provider to pay other providers for services rendered could lead those other providers to demand payment from us even though we have made our regular fixed payments to the primary provider. there can be no assurance that providers with whom we contract will properly manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with other providers. any of these events may have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
the success of our healthcare services businesses depends on our ability, and the ability of our affiliated physician-owned professional groups and management services organizations, to recruit, hire, acquire, contract with, and retain physicians, nurses and other medical professionals who are experienced in providing care services to older adults. the market to acquire or manage physician practices, and to employ or contract with individual physicians, nurses and other medical professionals is, and is expected to remain, highly competitive, and the performance of our healthcare services businesses may be adversely impacted if we, and our affiliated physician-owned professional groups and management services organizations, are unable to attract, maintain satisfactory relationships with, and retain physicians, nurses and other medical professionals, or if these businesses are unable to retain patients following the departure of a physician, nurses or other medical professional. in addition, our healthcare services businesses contract with competitors of our health benefits businesses, and these businesses could suffer if they are unable to maintain relationships with these companies, or fail to adequately price their contracts with these third-party payers.
we face significant competition in attracting and retaining talented employees. further, managing succession for, and retention of, key executives is critical to our success, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our businesses, operating results and/or future performance.
our success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified employees and executives, including those with diverse backgrounds, experiences and skill sets, to operate and expand our business. we face intense competition for qualified employees, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain such employees or that such competition among potential employers will not result in increasing salaries. in addition, while we have development and succession plans in place for our key employees and executives, these plans do not guarantee the services of our key employees and executives will continue to be available to us. if we are unable to attract, develop, retain and effectively manage the development and succession plans for key employees and executives, our business, results of operations and future performance could be adversely affected.
our pharmacy business is highly competitive and subject us to regulations and distribution and supply chain risks in addition to those we face with our core health benefits businesses.
our in-house dispensing pharmacy business competes with locally owned drugstores, retail drugstore chains, supermarkets, discount retailers, membership clubs, internet companies and other mail-order and long-term care pharmacies.
our pharmacy business also subjects us to extensive federal, state, and local regulation. the practice of pharmacy is generally regulated at the state level by state boards of pharmacy. many of the states where we deliver pharmaceuticals, including controlled substances, have laws and regulations that require out-of-state mail-order pharmacies to register with that state's board of pharmacy. federal agencies further regulate our pharmacy operations, requiring registration with the u.s. drug enforcement administration and individual state controlled substance authorities in order to dispense controlled substances. in addition, the fda inspects facilities in connection with procedures to effect recalls of prescription drugs. the federal trade commission also has requirements for mail-order sellers of goods. the u.s. postal service, or usps, has statutory authority to restrict the transmission of drugs and medicines through the mail to a degree that may have an adverse effect on our mail-order operations. the usps historically has exercised this statutory authority only with respect to controlled substances. if the usps restricts our ability to deliver drugs through the mail, alternative means of delivery could be significantly more expensive. the u.s. department of transportation has regulatory authority to impose restrictions on drugs inserted in the stream of commerce. these regulations generally do not apply to the usps and its operations. in addition, we are subject to cms rules regarding the administration of our pdp plans and intercompany pricing between our pdp plans and our pharmacy business.
we are also subject to risks inherent in the packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other health care products, including the application of state laws and regulations related to the operation of internet and mail-order pharmacies, violations of which could expose us to civil and criminal penalties, and manufacturing, distribution or other supply chain disruptions (including disruptions that occur as a result of catastrophes, including acts of terrorism, public health emergencies, epidemics or pandemics (such as the spread of covid-19), or natural disasters (such as hurricanes and earthquakes) which could occur more frequently or with more intense effects as a result of the impacts of global climate change), each of which could impact the availability or cost of supplying of such products.
changes in the prescription drug industry pricing benchmarks may adversely affect our financial performance.
contracts in the prescription drug industry generally use certain published benchmarks to establish pricing for prescription drugs. these benchmarks include average wholesale price, which is referred to as "awp," average selling price, which is referred to as "asp," and wholesale acquisition cost. it is uncertain whether payors, pharmacy providers, pharmacy benefit managers, or pbms, and others in the prescription drug industry will continue to utilize awp as it has previously been calculated, or whether other pricing benchmarks will be adopted for establishing prices within the industry. legislation may lead to changes in the pricing for medicare and medicaid programs. regulators have conducted investigations into the use of awp for federal program payment, and whether the use of awp has inflated drug expenditures by the medicare and medicaid programs. federal and state proposals have sought to change the basis for calculating payment of certain drugs by the medicare and medicaid programs. adoption of asp in lieu of awp as the measure for determining payment by medicare or medicaid programs for the drugs sold in our in-house dispensing pharmacy business may reduce the revenues and gross margins of this business which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
our ability to obtain funds from certain of our licensed subsidiaries is restricted by state insurance regulations.
because we operate as a holding company, we are dependent upon dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries to fund the obligations of humana inc., our parent company. certain of our insurance subsidiaries operate in states that regulate the payment of dividends, loans, administrative expense reimbursements or other cash transfers to humana inc., and require minimum levels of equity as well as limit investments to approved securities. the amount of dividends that may be paid to humana inc. by these insurance subsidiaries, without prior approval by state regulatory authorities, or ordinary dividends, is limited based on the entity's level of statutory income and statutory capital and surplus. in most states, prior notification is provided before paying a dividend even if approval is not required. actual dividends paid may vary due to consideration of excess statutory capital and surplus and expected future surplus requirements related to, for example, premium volume and product mix. dividends from our non-insurance companies such as in our healthcare services segment are generally not restricted by departments of insurance. in the event that we are unable to provide sufficient capital to fund the obligations of humana inc., our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
downgrades in our debt ratings, should they occur, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
claims paying ability, financial strength, and debt ratings by recognized rating organizations are an increasingly important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. ratings information is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. historically, rating agencies take action to lower ratings due to, among other things, perceived concerns about liquidity or solvency, the competitive environment in the insurance industry, the inherent uncertainty in determining reserves for future claims, the outcome of pending litigation and regulatory investigations, and possible changes in the methodology or criteria applied by the rating agencies. each of the rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically and there can be no assurance that current ratings will be maintained in the future. our ratings reflect each rating agency's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet our debt obligations or obligations to policyholders, but are not evaluations directed toward the protection of investors in our common stock and should not be relied upon as such.
we believe that certain of our customers place importance on our claims paying ability, financial strength, and debt ratings, and we may lose customers and compete less successfully if our ratings were to be downgraded. in addition, our credit ratings impact our ability to obtain future borrowings and investment capital on favorable terms. if our credit ratings were to be lowered, our cost of borrowing likely would increase, our sales and earnings could decrease, and our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
the securities and credit markets may experience volatility and disruption, which may adversely affect our business.
ongoing volatility or disruption in the securities and credit markets could impact our investment portfolio. we evaluate our investment securities for impairment on a quarterly basis. this review is subjective and requires a high degree of judgment. for the purpose of determining gross realized gains and losses, the cost of investment securities sold is based upon specific identification. for debt securities held, we recognize an impairment loss in income when the fair value of the debt security is less than the carrying value and we have the intent to sell the debt security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of our amortized cost basis, or if a credit loss has occurred. when we do not intend to sell or are not required to sell a security in an unrealized loss position, potential credit related impairments are considered using a variety of factors, including the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, adverse conditions specifically related to the industry, geographic area or financial condition of the issuer or underlying collateral of a security; payment structure of the security; changes in credit rating of the security by the rating agencies; the volatility of the fair value changes; and changes in fair value of the security after the balance sheet date. for debt securities, we take into account expectations of relevant market and economic data. we continuously review our investment portfolios and there is a continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and additional material realized losses from sales or credit related impairments may be recorded in future periods.
we believe our cash balances, investment securities, operating cash flows, and funds available under our credit agreement or from other public or private financing sources, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating and regulatory requirements, acquisitions, future expansion opportunities, and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months, as well as to refinance or repay debt, and repurchase shares. however, continuing adverse securities and credit market conditions may significantly affect the availability of credit. while there is no assurance in the current economic environment, including the heightened uncertainty created by the covid-19 pandemic, we have no reason to believe the lenders participating in our credit agreement will not be willing and able to provide financing in accordance with the terms of the agreement.
our access to additional credit will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, both to the overall market and our industry, our credit ratings and debt capacity, as well as the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of our long or short-term financial prospects. similarly, our access to funds could be limited if regulatory authorities or rating agencies were to take negative actions against us. if a combination of these factors were to occur, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all.
the spread of, and response to, covid-19 underscores certain risks we face, including those discussed above, and the ongoing, heightened uncertainty created by the pandemic precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact to us of covid-19.
covid-19 underscores certain risks we face, including those discussed above. as the covid-19 pandemic continues, the premiums we charge may prove to be insufficient to cover the cost of health care services delivered to our members, each of which could be impacted by many factors, including the impacts that we have experienced, and may continue to experience, to our revenues due to limitations on our ability to implement clinical initiatives to manage health care costs and chronic conditions of our members, and appropriately document their risk profiles, as a result of our members being unable or unwilling to see their providers due to actions taken to mitigate the spread of covid-19; increased costs that may result from higher utilization rates of medical facilities and services and other increases in associated hospital and pharmaceutical costs; and shifts in our premium and medical claims cost trends to reflect the demographic impact of higher mortality during the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, we are offering, and have been mandated by legislative and regulatory action (including the families first act and cares act) to provide, certain expanded benefit coverage to our members, such as waiving, or reimbursing, certain costs for covid-19 testing, vaccinations and treatment. these measures taken by us, or governmental action, to respond to the ongoing impact of covid-19 (including further expansion or modification of the services delivered to our members, the adoption or modification of regulatory requirements associated with those services and the costs and challenges associated with ensuring timely compliance with such requirements), and the potential for widespread testing, treatments and the distribution and administration of covid-19 vaccines, could adversely impact our profitability.
the spread and impact of covid-19 and additional variants, or actions taken to mitigate this spread, could have material and adverse effects on our ability to operate effectively, including as a result of the complete or partial closure of facilities or labor shortages. disruptions in public and private infrastructure, including communications, availability of in-person sales and marketing channels, financial services and supply chains, could materially and adversely disrupt our normal business operations. a significant subset of our and our third party providers' employee populations are in a remote work environment in an effort to mitigate the spread of covid-19, which may exacerbate certain risks to our business, including an increased demand for information technology resources, increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, and increased risk of unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal, or proprietary and/or confidential information. the continued covid-19 pandemic has severely impacted global economic activity, including the businesses of some of our commercial customers, and caused significant volatility and negative pressure in the financial markets. in addition to disrupting our operations, these developments may adversely affect the timing of commercial customer premium collections and corresponding claim payments, the value of our investment portfolio, or future liquidity needs.
the ongoing, heightened uncertainty created by the pandemic precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact to us of covid-19. we are continuing to monitor the spread of covid-19, changes to our benefit coverages, and the ongoing costs and business impacts of dealing with covid-19, including the potential costs and impacts associated with lifting, or reimposing, restrictions on movement and economic activity, the timing and degree in resumption of demand for deferred healthcare services, the pace of administration of covid-19 vaccines and the effectiveness of those vaccines, and related risks. the magnitude and duration of the pandemic remains uncertain, and its ultimate impact on our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be material.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for discussion of 2019 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019 that are not included in this 2021 form 10-k, refer to "item 7. - management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" found in our form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, that was filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 18, 2021.
executive overview general humana inc., headquartered in louisville, kentucky, is a leading health and well-being company committed to helping our millions of medical and specialty members achieve their best health. our successful history in care delivery and health plan administration is helping us create a new kind of integrated care with the power to improve health and well‐being and lower costs. our efforts are leading to a better quality of life for people with medicare, families, individuals, military service personnel, and communities at large. to accomplish that, we support physicians and other health care professionals as they work to deliver the right care in the right place for their patients, our members. our range of clinical capabilities, resources and tools, such as in‐home care, behavioral health, pharmacy services, data analytics and wellness solutions, combine to produce a simplified experience that makes health care easier to navigate and more effective.
the health benefits industry relies on two key statistics to measure performance. the benefit ratio, which is computed by taking total benefits expense as a percentage of premiums revenue, represents a statistic used to measure underwriting profitability. the operating cost ratio, which is computed by taking total operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of total revenue less investment income, represents a statistic used to measure administrative spending efficiency.
kindred at home acquisition on august 17, 2021, we acquired the remaining 60% interest in kindred at home, or kah, the nation's largest home health and hospice provider, from tpg capital and welsh, carson, anderson & stowe, two private equity funds, for an enterprise value of $8.2 billion, which includes our equity value of $2.4 billion associated with our 40% minority ownership interest. the remeasurement to fair value of our previously held 40% equity method investment with a carrying value of approximately $1.3 billion, resulted in a $1.1 billion gain recognized in "other (income) expense, net". kah has locations in 40 states, providing extensive geographic coverage with approximately 65% overlap with our individual medicare advantage membership. we paid the approximate $5.8 billion transaction price (net of our existing equity stake) through a combination of debt financing, the assumption of existing kah indebtedness and parent company cash.
covid-19
the emergence and spread of the novel coronavirus, or covid-19, beginning in the first quarter of 2020 has impacted our business. during periods of increased incidences of covid-19, non-essential care from a reduction in non-covid-19 hospital admissions and lower overall healthcare system consumption decreased utilization. at the same time, covid-19 treatment and testing costs increased utilization. the significant disruption in utilization during 2020 also impacted our ability to implement clinical initiatives to manage health care costs and chronic conditions of our members, and appropriately document their risk profiles, and, as such, significantly affected our 2021 revenue under the risk adjustment payment model for medicare advantage plans. finally, changes in utilization patterns and actions taken in 2020 and 2021 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, including the suspension of certain financial recovery programs for a period of time and shifting the timing of claim payments and provider capitation surplus payments, impacted our claim reserve development and operating cash flows for 2020 and 2021.
business segments we manage our business with three reportable segments: retail, group and specialty, and healthcare services. the reportable segments are based on a combination of the type of health plan customer and adjacent businesses centered on well-being solutions for our health plans and other customers, as described below. these segment groupings are consistent with information used by our chief executive officer, the chief operating decision maker, to assess performance and allocate resources. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data for segment financial information.
the retail segment consists of medicare benefits, marketed to individuals or directly via group medicare accounts. in addition, the retail segment also includes our contract with cms to administer the limited income newly eligible transition, or li-net, prescription drug plan program and contracts with various states to provide medicaid, dual eligible demonstration, and long-term support services benefits, which we refer to collectively as our state-based contracts. the group and specialty segment consists of employer group commercial fully-insured medical and specialty health insurance benefits marketed to individuals and employer groups, including dental, vision, and other supplemental health benefits, as well as administrative services only, or aso products. in addition, our group and specialty segment includes our military services business, primarily our tricare t2017 east region contract. the healthcare services segment includes pharmacy, provider, and home services, along with other services and capabilities to promote wellness and advance population health. the operations of the recently acquired full ownership of kindred at home, as well as the company's strategic partnership with welsh, carson, anderson & stowe (wcas) to develop and operate senior-focused, payor-agnostic, primary care centers are also included in the healthcare services segment.
the results of each segment are measured by income before income taxes and equity in net earnings from equity method investments, or segment earnings. transactions between reportable segments primarily consist of sales of services rendered by our healthcare services segment, primarily pharmacy, provider, and home services, to our retail and group and specialty segment customers. intersegment sales and expenses are recorded at fair value and eliminated in consolidation. members served by our segments often use the same provider networks, enabling us in some instances to obtain more favorable contract terms with providers. our segments also share indirect costs and assets. as a result, the profitability of each segment is interdependent. we allocate most operating expenses to our segments. assets and certain corporate income and expenses are not allocated to the segments, including the portion of investment income not supporting segment operations, interest expense on corporate debt, and certain other corporate expenses. these items are managed at a corporate level. these corporate amounts are reported separately from our reportable segments and are included with intersegment eliminations.
seasonality covid-19 disrupted the pattern of our quarterly earnings and operating cash flows largely due to the temporary deferral of non-essential care which resulted in reductions in non-covid-19 hospital admissions and lower overall healthcare system utilization during higher levels of covid-19 hospital admissions. at the same time, during periods of increased incidences of covid-19, covid-19 treatment and testing costs increase. similar impacts and seasonal disruptions from either higher or lower utilization are expected to persist as we respond to and recover from the covid-19 global health crisis.
one of the product offerings of our retail segment is medicare stand-alone prescription drug plans, or pdps, under the medicare part d program. our quarterly retail segment earnings and operating cash flows are impacted by the medicare part d benefit design and changes in the composition of our membership. the medicare part d benefit design results in coverage that varies as a member's cumulative out-of-pocket costs pass through successive stages of a member's plan period, which begins annually on january 1 for renewals. these plan designs generally result in us sharing a greater portion of the responsibility for total prescription drug costs in the early stages and less in the latter stages. as a result, the pdp benefit ratio generally decreases as the year progresses. in addition, the number of low income senior members as well as year-over-year changes in the mix of membership in our standalone pdp products affects the quarterly benefit ratio pattern.
in addition, the retail segment also experiences seasonality in the operating cost ratio as a result of costs incurred in the second half of the year associated with the medicare marketing season.
our group and specialty segment also experiences seasonality in the benefit ratio pattern. however, the effect is opposite of medicare stand-alone pdp in the retail segment, with the group and specialty segment's benefit ratio increasing as fully-insured members progress through their annual deductible and maximum out-of-pocket expenses.
highlights
•our strategy offers our members affordable health care combined with a positive consumer experience in growing markets. at the core of this strategy is our integrated care delivery model, which unites quality care, high member engagement, and sophisticated data analytics. our approach to primary, physician-directed care for our members aims to provide quality care that is consistent, integrated, cost-effective, and member-focused, provided by both employed physicians and physicians with network contract arrangements. the model is designed to improve health outcomes and affordability for individuals and for the health system as a whole, while offering our members a simple, seamless healthcare experience. we believe this strategy is positioning us for long-term growth in both membership and earnings. we offer providers a continuum of opportunities to increase the integration of care and offer assistance to providers in transitioning from a fee-for-service to a value-based arrangement. these include performance bonuses, shared savings and shared risk relationships. at december 31, 2021, approximately 3,009,600 members, or 68%, of our individual medicare advantage members were in value-based relationships under our integrated care delivery model, as compared to 2,650,100 members, or 67%, at december 31, 2020.
•in order to create capacity to fund growth and investment in our medicare advantage business and further expand our healthcare services capability in 2023, we committed to efforts to create additional value through cost savings, productivity initiatives and value acceleration from previous investments. as a result of these initiatives, we anticipate that we may incur certain charges in 2022.
•on february 2, 2022, centers for medicare & medicaid services, or cms, issued its preliminary 2023 medicare advantage and part d payment rates and proposed policy changes, collectively, the advance notice. cms has invited public comment on the advance notice before publishing final rate on or before april 4, 2022, or the final notice. in the advance notice, cms estimates medicare advantage plans across the sector will, on average, experience a 4.48% increase in benchmark funding based on proposals included therein. as indicated by cms, its estimate excludes the impact of fee-for-service county rebasing/re-pricing since the related impact is dependent upon finalization of certain data, which will be available with the publication of the final notice. further the benchmark increase excludes ma risk score trend as individual plans' experience will vary. based on the company's preliminary analysis using the same factors cms included in its estimate, the components of which are detailed on cms's website, we anticipate the proposals in the advance notice would result in a change generally in line with cms's estimate. the company will be drawing upon its program expertise to provide cms formal commentary on the impact of the advance notice and the related impact on medicare beneficiaries' quality of care and service to its members through the medicare advantage program.
•net income was $2.9 billion, or $22.67 per diluted common share, and $3.4 billion, or $25.31 per diluted common share, in 2021 and 2020, respectively. this comparison was significantly impacted by the gain on our equity method investment in kindred at home upon completion of our acquisition of the business, put/call valuation adjustments associated with our non consolidating minority interest investments, the change in the fair value of publicly-traded equity securities, transaction and integration costs associated with the kindred at home acquisition, and the receipt of unpaid risk corridor payments in the third quarter of 2020 that were previously written off. the put/call valuation adjustments included the impact of the termination of the put/call agreement related to kindred at home as a result of the signing of the definitive agreement for the transaction on april 27, 2021. the impact of these adjustments to our consolidated income before income taxes and equity in net earnings and diluted earnings per common share was as follows for 2021.
2021                                                                                                                                                2020
(in millions)
consolidated income before income taxes and equity in net earnings:
gain on kindred at home equity method investment                                                                  $1,129                          $-
put/call valuation adjustments associated with company's non consolidating minority interest investments           (597)                       (103)
transaction and integration costs associated with kindred at home acquisition                                      (128)                           -
change in the fair value of publicly-traded equity securities                                                      (341)                         745
receipt of commercial risk corridor receivables previously written-off                                                 -                         578
$63                      $1,220
2021                                                                                                                                                2020
diluted earnings per common share:
gain on kindred at home equity method investment                                                                   $8.73                          $-
put/call valuation adjustments associated with company's non consolidating minority interest investments          (3.56)                      (0.60)
transaction and integration costs associated with kindred at home acquisition                                     (0.72)                           -
change in the fair value of publicly-traded equity securities                                                     (2.03)                        4.32
receipt of commercial risk corridor receivables previously written-off                                                 -                        3.35
$2.42                       $7.07
◦excluding these adjustments, comparisons of our results of operations were materially impacted by the significant, temporary deferral of care in 2020 resulting from stay-at-home orders, physical distancing measures, and other restrictions implemented to reduce the spread of covid-19, as well as the impact of covid-19 testing and treatment costs, which on a net basis significantly and favorably impacted the 2020 period results when compared to the 2021 period results. in addition, the 2021 period results reflect the impact of lower covid-19 related administrative costs in 2021 compared to 2020. administrative costs in 2020 included costs associated with personal protective equipment, member response effort, the build-out of infrastructure necessary to support employees working remotely and charitable contribution cost to support the communities served by us. combined, the covid-19 impacts described previously resulted in lower operating results in 2021 compared to 2020.
◦partially offsetting the covid-19 financial headwind that we experienced in 2021, our results of operations for 2021 were favorably impacted by individual medicare advantage and state-based contract membership growth and improved operating performance in our healthcare services segment, including the consolidation of kindred at home operations upon completion of the acquisition of the remaining 60% interest in kindred at home in august 2021. further, 2021 was also favorably impacted by the lower tax rate resulting from the termination of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee in 2021, as well as a lower number of shares used to compute dilutive earnings per common share, primarily reflecting share repurchases.
health care reform the health care reform law enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the u.s. health insurance industry. certain significant provisions of the health care reform law include, among others, mandated coverage requirements, mandated benefits and guarantee issuance associated with commercial medical insurance, rebates to policyholders based on minimum benefit ratios, adjustments to medicare advantage premiums, the establishment of federally facilitated or state-based exchanges coupled with programs designed to spread risk among insurers, and the introduction of plan designs based on set actuarial values. in addition, the health care reform law established insurance industry assessments, including an annual health insurance industry fee. the annual health insurance industry fee, which is not deductible for income tax purposes and significantly increases our effective tax rate, was in effect for calendar year 2020 and permanently repealed beginning in calendar year 2021.
it is reasonably possible that the health care reform law and related regulations, as well as other current or future legislative, judicial or regulatory changes such as the families first coronavirus response act (the "families first act"), the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act") and other legislative or regulatory action taken in response to covid-19 including restrictions on our ability to manage our provider network or otherwise operate our business, or restrictions on profitability, including reviews by regulatory bodies that may compare our medicare advantage profitability to our non-medicare advantage business profitability, or compare the profitability of various products within our medicare advantage business, and require that they remain within certain ranges of each other, increases in member benefits or changes to member eligibility criteria without corresponding increases in premium payments to us, or increases in regulation of our prescription drug benefit businesses, in the aggregate may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations (including restricting revenue, enrollment and premium growth in certain products and market segments, restricting our ability to expand into new markets, increasing our medical and operating costs, further lowering our medicare payment rates and increasing our expenses associated with assessments); our financial position (including our ability to maintain the value of our goodwill); and our cash flows.
we intend for the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations that follows to assist in the understanding of our financial statements and related changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, including the primary factors that accounted for those changes. transactions between reportable segments primarily consist of sales of services rendered by our healthcare services segment, primarily pharmacy, provider, and home services, to our retail and group and specialty segment customers and are described in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data in this 2021 form 10-k.
comparison of results of operations for 2021 and 2020
certain financial data on a consolidated basis and for our segments was as follows for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020:
consolidated change
2021                            2020                         dollars                    percentage
(dollars in millions, except per common share results)
revenues:
premiums:
retail                                                                 $73,820                         $67,124                          $6,696                         10.0     %
group and specialty                                                      6,002                           6,460                           (458)                        (7.1)     %
corporate                                                                    -                             602                           (602)                      (100.0)     %
total premiums                                                          79,822                          74,186                           5,636                          7.6     %
services:
retail                                                                      23                              19                               4                         21.1     %
group and specialty                                                        816                             780                              36                          4.6     %
healthcare services                                                      2,216                           1,016                           1,200                        118.1     %
total services                                                           3,055                           1,815                           1,240                         68.3     %
investment income                                                          187                           1,154                           (967)                       (83.8)     %
total revenues                                                          83,064                          77,155                           5,909                          7.7     %
operating expenses:
benefits                                                                69,199                          61,628                           7,571                         12.3     %
operating costs                                                         10,121                          10,052                              69                          0.7     %
depreciation and amortization                                              596                             489                             107                         21.9     %
total operating expenses                                                79,916                          72,169                           7,747                         10.7     %
income from operations                                                   3,148                           4,986                         (1,838)                       (36.9)     %
interest expense                                                           326                             283                              43                         15.2     %
other (income) expense, net                                              (532)                             103                             635                        616.5     %
income before income taxes and equity in net earnings                    3,354                           4,600                         (1,246)                       (27.1)     %
provision for income taxes                                                 485                           1,307                           (822)                       (62.9)     %
equity in net earnings                                                      65                              74                             (9)                       (12.2)     %
net income                                                              $2,934                          $3,367                          $(433)                       (12.9)     %
diluted earnings per common share                                       $22.67                          $25.31                         $(2.64)                       (10.4)     %
benefit ratio (a)                                                         86.7    %                       83.1    %                                                     3.6     %
operating cost ratio (b)                                                  12.2    %                       13.2    %                                                   (1.0)     %
effective tax rate                                                        14.2    %                       28.0    %                                                  (13.8)     %
(a)represents total benefits expense as a percentage of premiums revenue.
(b)represents total operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of total revenues less investment income.
premiums revenue consolidated premiums increased $5.6 billion, or 7.6%, from $74.2 billion in the 2020 period to $79.8 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to higher premium revenues from medicare advantage and state-based contracts membership growth, higher per member medicare advantage premiums as a result of the improving cms benchmark rate for 2021, net of medicare risk adjustment (mra) headwinds resulting from covid-19 related utilization disruption in 2020, as well as the additional quarter impact of medicare sequestration relief in 2021 that was not enacted until the second quarter of 2020. these increases were partially offset by declining stand-alone pdp, group commercial medical, and group medicare advantage membership as more fully described in the detailed segment results discussion that follows, as well as the 2020 impact of the receipt of commercial risk corridor receivables previously written off.
services revenue consolidated services revenue increased $1.2 billion, or 68.3%, from $1.8 billion in the 2020 period to $3.1 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to higher home solutions revenues associated with consolidation of kindred at home earnings.
investment income investment income decreased $967 million, or 83.8%, from $1.2 billion in the 2020 period to $187 million in the 2021 period primarily due to a significant decrease in the fair value of our publicly-traded equity securities investments.
benefits expense consolidated benefits expense increased $7.6 billion, or 12.3%, from $61.6 billion in the 2020 period to $69.2 billion in the 2021 period. the consolidated benefit ratio increased 360 basis points from 83.1% in the 2020 period to 86.7% in the 2021 period. these increases reflect the termination in 2021 of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee which, along with a portion of the related tax benefit, was contemplated in the pricing and benefit design of our products, and covid-19 impacts, including the impact of the deferral of non-essential care, net of meaningful covid-19 treatment and testing costs, our pandemic relief efforts in 2020, as well as 2021 mra headwinds resulting from this covid-19 related utilization disruption in 2020. the year over year increase further reflects the 2020 impact of the receipt of commercial risk corridor receivables that were previously written off, and the 2021 impact associated with the competitive nature of the group medicare advantage business, particularly in large group accounts that were recently procured, as well as in the stand-alone pdp business. these factors were partially offset by higher favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in 2021.
the higher favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development was primarily attributable to the reversal of actions taken in 2020, including the suspension of certain financial recovery programs for a period of time impacting our claim payment patterns. the suspension during 2020 was intended to provide financial and administrative relief for providers facing unprecedented strain as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development decreased the consolidated benefit ratio by approximately 100 basis points in the 2021 period versus approximately 40 basis points in the 2020 period.
operating costs our segments incur both direct and shared indirect operating costs. we allocate the indirect costs shared by the segments primarily as a function of revenues. as a result, the profitability of each segment is interdependent.
consolidated operating costs increased $0.07 billion, or 0.7%, from $10.05 billion in the 2020 period to $10.12 billion in the 2021 period. the consolidated operating cost ratio decreased 100 basis points from 13.2% in the 2020 period to 12.2% in the 2021 period. the ratio decrease was primarily due to the termination of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee in 2021, as well as lower covid-19 related administrative costs in 2021 compared to 2020. administrative costs in 2020 included costs associated with personal protective equipment, member response efforts, and the build-out of infrastructure necessary to support employees working remotely. the decrease was further impacted by scale efficiencies associated with growth in our individual medicare advantage membership, operating cost efficiencies in 2021 from previously implemented productivity initiatives, as well as the impact of a $200 million contribution to the humana foundation in the first half of 2020 to support communities served by the company, particularly those with social and health disparities. these factors were partially offset by the consolidation of kindred at home operations as the business has a significantly higher operating cost ratio than our historical consolidated operating cost ratio, continued strategic and technology modernization investments made to position us for long-term success, transaction and integration costs associated with the kindred at home transaction, as well as the 2020 impact of the receipt of the commercial risk corridor receivables that were previously written off. the non-deductible health insurance industry fee impacted the operating cost ratio by 160 basis points in the 2020 period.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization increased $107 million, or 21.9%, from $489 million in the 2020 period to $596 million in the 2021 period primarily due to capital expenditures.
interest expense interest expense increased $43 million, or 15.2%, from $283 million in the 2020 period to $326 million in the 2021 period from borrowings to fund the kah acquisition.
income taxes our effective tax rate during 2021 was 14.2% compared to the effective tax rate of 28.0% in 2020. the change was primarily due to the non-taxable gain we recognized on our previously held kindred at home equity method investment from our acquisition of the remaining ownership interest in the business in august 2021 and the termination of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee in 2021. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data for a complete reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the effective tax rate.
retail segment change
2021                      2020                               members                 percentage membership:
medical membership:
individual medicare advantage                  4,409,100                 3,962,700          446,400                      11.3     %
group medicare advantage                         560,600                   613,200         (52,600)                     (8.6)     %
medicare stand-alone pdp                       3,606,200                 3,866,700        (260,500)                     (6.7)     %
total retail medicare                          8,575,900                 8,442,600          133,300                       1.6     %
state-based medicaid                             940,100                   772,400          167,700                      21.7     %
medicare supplement                              331,900                   335,600          (3,700)                     (1.1)     %
total retail medical members                   9,847,900                 9,550,600          297,300                       3.1     %
change
2021                     2020                     dollars                 percentage
(in millions)
premiums and services revenue:
premiums:
individual medicare advantage                        $58,654                  $51,697                     $6,957                      13.5     %
group medicare advantage                               6,955                    7,774                      (819)                    (10.5)     %
medicare stand-alone pdp                               2,371                    2,742                      (371)                    (13.5)     %
total retail medicare                                 67,980                   62,213                      5,767                       9.3     %
state-based medicaid                                   5,109                    4,223                        886                      21.0     %
medicare supplement                                      731                      688                         43                       6.3     %
total premiums                                        73,820                   67,124                      6,696                      10.0     %
services                                                  23                       19                          4                      21.1     %
total premiums and services revenue                  $73,843                  $67,143                     $6,700                      10.0     %
segment earnings                                      $1,937                   $3,017                   $(1,080)                    (35.8)     %
benefit ratio                                           87.9   %                 84.2   %                                              3.7     %
operating cost ratio                                     9.2   %                 11.0   %                                            (1.8)     %
segment earnings
•retail segment earnings decreased $1.1 billion, or 35.8%, from $3.0 billion in the 2020 period to $1.9 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to the same factors reflecting the segment's higher benefit ratio, partially offset by the segment's lower operating cost ratio as more fully described below.
enrollment
•individual medicare advantage membership increased 446,400 members, or 11.3%, from 3,962,700 members as of december 31, 2020 to 4,409,100 members as of december 31, 2021 primarily due to membership additions associated with the previous annual election period, or aep, and open election period, or oep, for medicare beneficiaries. the membership growth was further impacted by continued enrollment resulting from special elections, age-ins, and dual eligible special need plans, or d-snp, members. the oep sales period, which ran from january 1 to march 31, 2021 added approximately 36,000 members compared to the 2020 oep that added approximately 30,000 members. individual medicare advantage membership includes 576,100 d-snp members as of december 31, 2021, a net increase of 170,000 members, or 42%, from 406,100 members as of december 31, 2020. for the full year 2022, we anticipate a net membership growth in our individual medicare advantage offerings of approximately 150,000 to 200,000 members.
•group medicare advantage membership decreased 52,600 members, or 8.6%, from 613,200 members as of december 31, 2020 to 560,600 members as of december 31, 2021 primarily due to the net loss of certain large accounts in january 2021, partially offset by continued growth in small group accounts. for the full year 2022, we anticipate relatively flat membership growth.
•medicare stand-alone pdp membership decreased 260,500 members, or 6.7%, from 3,866,700 members as of december 31, 2020 to 3,606,200 members as of december 31, 2021 primarily due to anticipated declines as a result of the walmart value plan no longer being the low cost leader in 2021. for the full year 2022, we anticipate a net membership decline in our medicare stand-alone pdp offerings of approximately 125,000 members.
•state-based medicaid membership increased 167,700 members, or 21.7%, from 772,400 members as of december 31, 2020 to 940,100 members as of december 31, 2021 primarily reflecting additional enrollment as a result of the suspension of state eligibility redetermination efforts due to the currently-enacted public health emergency, as well as the recently completed acquisition of our remaining 50% ownership interest in wisconsin health care company icare. for the full year 2022, we anticipate a net membership decline in our state-based contracts of approximately 50,000 to 100,000 members assuming the public health emergency will end in april 2022.
premiums revenue
•retail segment premiums increased $6.7 billion, or 10.0%, from $67.1 billion in the 2020 period to $73.8 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to higher premiums as a result of individual medicare advantage and state-based contracts membership growth, higher per member individual medicare advantage premiums as a result of the improving cms benchmark rate for 2021, net of mra headwinds resulting from covid-19 related utilization disruption in 2020, as well as the additional quarter impact of medicare sequestration relief in 2021 that was not enacted until the second quarter of 2020. these favorable items were partially offset by the decline in membership in our stand-alone pdp and group medicare advantage offerings.
benefits expense
•the retail segment benefit ratio increased 370 basis points from 84.2% in the 2020 period to 87.9% in the 2021 period primarily due to the termination in 2021 of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee which, along with a portion of the related tax benefit, was contemplated in the pricing and benefit design of our products, covid-19 impacts, including the impact of the deferral of non-essential care, net of meaningful covid-19 treatment and testing costs, our pandemic relief efforts in 2020, as well as 2021 mra headwinds resulting from this covd-19 related utilization disruption in 2020. also contributing to the higher benefit ratio was the 2021 impact of the competitive nature of the group medicare advantage business, particularly in large group accounts that were recently procured, as well as in the stand-alone pdp business. these factors were partially offset by higher favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development.
•the retail segment's benefits expense for the 2021 period includes the beneficial effect of $729 million in favorable prior-year medical claims reserve development versus $266 million in 2020. this favorable prior-year medical claims reserve development decreased the retail segment benefit ratio by approximately 100 basis points in 2021 versus approximately 40 basis points in 2020. the higher favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development was primarily attributable to the reversal of actions taken in 2020, including the suspension of certain financial recovery programs for a period of time impacting our claim payment patterns. the suspension during 2020 was intended to provide financial and administrative relief for providers facing unprecedented strain as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
operating costs
•the retail segment operating cost ratio decreased 180 basis points from 11.0% in the 2020 period to 9.2% in the 2021 period primarily due to the termination of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee in 2021, lower covid-19 related administrative costs, as previously discussed, scale efficiencies associated with growth in our individual medicare advantage membership, as well as operating cost efficiencies driven by previously implemented productivity initiatives. these improvements were partially offset by continued strategic investments made in 2021 to position us for long-term success. the non-deductible health insurance industry fee impacted the operating cost ratio by 160 basis points in the 2020 period.
group and specialty segment change
2021                      2020                               members                 percentage membership:
medical membership:
fully-insured commercial group                      674,600                   777,400        (102,800)                    (13.2)     %
aso                                                 495,500                   504,900          (9,400)                     (1.9)     %
military services                                 6,049,000                 5,998,700           50,300        0.8                    %
total group medical members                       7,219,100                 7,281,000         (61,900)                     (0.9)     %
specialty membership (a)                          5,294,300                 5,310,300         (16,000)                     (0.3)     %
(a)specialty products include dental, vision, and life insurance benefits. members included in these products may not be unique to each product since members have the ability to enroll in multiple products.
change
2021                     2020                   dollars                    percentage
(in millions)
premiums and services revenue:
premiums:
fully-insured commercial group                        $4,271                   $4,761                   $(490)                       (10.3)     %
specialty                                              1,731                    1,699                       32                          1.9     %
total premiums                                         6,002                    6,460                    (458)                        (7.1)     %
services                                                 816                      780                       36                          4.6     %
total premiums and services revenue                   $6,818                   $7,240                   $(422)                        (5.8)     %
segment earnings (loss)                                 $149                   $(143)                     $292                        204.2     %
benefit ratio                                           82.5   %                 85.6   %                                             (3.1)     %
operating cost ratio                                    24.6   %                 25.0   %                                             (0.4)     %
segment earnings
•group and specialty segment earnings increased $292 million, or 204.2%, from a $143 million loss in the 2020 period to $149 million of earnings in the 2021 period primarily due to the same factors reflecting the segment's lower benefit ratio and operating cost ratio as more fully described below.
enrollment
•fully-insured commercial group medical membership decreased 102,800 members, or 13.2%, from 777,400 members as of december 31, 2020 to 674,600 members as of december 31, 2021 reflecting lower small group quoting activity and sales attributable to depressed economic activity from the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by higher retention of existing customers, particularly in larger groups. the portion of group fully-insured commercial medical membership in small group accounts was approximately 50% at december 31, 2021 and 54% at december 31, 2020.
•group aso commercial medical membership decreased 9,400 members, or 1.9%, from 504,900 members as of december 31, 2020 to 495,500 members as of december 31, 2021. small group membership comprised 43% of group aso medical membership at december 31, 2021  and 45% at december 31, 2020. the membership change reflects intensified competition for small group accounts, partially offset by strong retention among large group accounts. for the full year 2022, we anticipate a net membership decline in our group commercial medical offerings, which includes fully-insured and aso, of approximately 125,000 to 165,000 members.
•military services membership increased 50,300 members, or 0.8%, from 5,998,700 members as of december 31, 2020 to 6,049,000 members as of december 31, 2021. membership includes military service members, retirees, and their families to whom we are providing healthcare services under the current tricare east region contract.
•specialty membership decreased 16,000 members, or 0.3%, from 5,310,300 members as of december 31, 2020 to 5,294,300 members as of december 31, 2021 primarily due to the loss of dental and vision groups cross-sold with medical, as reflected in the loss of group fully-insured commercial medical membership described above. the decrease also reflects the impact of the economic downturn driven by the covid-19 pandemic.
premiums revenue
•group and specialty segment premiums decreased $458 million, or 7.1%, from $6.5 billion in the 2020 period to $6.0 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to the decline in our fully-insured group commercial membership, partially offset by higher per member premiums across the fully-insured commercial business.
services revenue
•group and specialty segment services revenue increased $36 million, or 4.6%, from $780 million in the 2020 period to $816 million in the 2021 period primarily due to higher tricare services revenue partially offset by lower aso membership described previously.
benefits expense
•the group and specialty segment benefit ratio decreased 310 basis points from 85.6% in the 2020 period to 82.5% in the 2021 period. the decrease reflects the negative covid-19 impacts in 2020 including meaningful covid-19 treatment and testing costs along with our ongoing pandemic relief efforts, primarily surrounding initiatives to ease administrative and financial stress for providers and employers, net of the impact of the deferral of non-essential care. the comparison was further impacted by the deliberate pricing and benefit design efforts in 2021 to increase profitability and position the commercial business for long-term success, lower specialty utilization, primarily related to dental services in 2021, as well as the beneficial impact of higher favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in the 2021 period. these favorable comparisons were partially offset by the termination in 2021 of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee in which, along with a portion of the related tax benefit, was contemplated in the pricing and benefit design of our products.
•the group and specialty segment's benefits expense includes the beneficial effect of $96 million in prior-period medical claims reserve development in 2021 versus $47 million in 2020. this favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development decreased the group and specialty segment benefit ratio by approximately 160 basis points in 2021 versus approximately 70 basis points in 2020.
operating costs
•the group and specialty segment operating cost ratio decreased 40 basis points from 25.0% in the 2020 period to 24.6% in the 2021 period primarily due to the termination of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee in 2021, lower covid-19 related administrative costs in 2021, as previously discussed, as well as operating cost efficiencies driven by previously implemented productivity initiatives. these were partially offset by continued strategic investments made to position us for long-term success. the non-deductible health insurance industry fee impacted the operating cost ratio by 130 basis points in the 2020 period.
healthcare services segment change
2021                     2020                   dollars                    percentage
(in millions)
revenues:
services:
home solutions                                              $1,166                     $107                   $1,059                        989.7     %
pharmacy solutions                                             637                      581                       56                          9.6     %
provider services                                              413                      328                       85                         25.9     %
total services revenues                                      2,216                    1,016                    1,200                        118.1     %
intersegment revenues:
home solutions                                                 691                      566                      125                         22.1     %
pharmacy solutions                                          25,855                   24,587                    1,268                          5.2     %
provider services                                            2,476                    2,266                      210                          9.3     %
total intersegment revenues                                 29,022                   27,419                    1,603                          5.8     %
total services and intersegment revenues                   $31,238                   28,435                    2,803                          9.9     %
segment earnings                                            $1,329                     $944                     $385                         40.8     %
operating cost ratio                                          95.4   %                 96.3   %                                             (0.9)     %
segment earnings
•healthcare services segment earnings increased $385 million, or 40.8%, from $944 million in the 2020 period to $1.3 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to consolidation of kindred at home earnings, individual medicare advantage and state-based contracts membership growth leading to higher pharmacy revenues, higher revenues associated with growth in the company's provider business, as well as the factors that drove the segment declining operating cost ratio as more fully described below.
script volume
•humana pharmacy solutions® script volumes for the retail and group and specialty segment membership increased to approximately 515 million in 2021, up 7.7% versus scripts of approximately 478 million in 2020 primarily due to growth in medicare advantage prescription drug and state-based contracts membership, partially offset by the decline in stand-alone pdp membership.
services revenue
•services revenues increased $1.2 billion, or 118.1%, from $1.0 billion in the 2020 period to $2.2 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to consolidation of kindred at home earnings. the 2021 period further reflects higher revenue from growth in the number of primary care clinics serving third party payors, and additional pharmacy revenues associated with the acquisition of enclara which was closed during the first quarter of 2020.
intersegment revenues
•intersegment revenues increased $1.6 billion, or 5.8%, from $27.4 billion in the 2020 period to $29.0 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to individual medicare advantage and state-based contracts membership growth, as well as higher revenues associated with our provider business. these increases were partially offset by the loss of intersegment revenues associated with the decline in stand-alone pdp and group medicare advantage membership as previously discussed.
operating costs
•the healthcare services segment operating cost ratio decreased 90 basis points from 96.3% in the 2020 period to 95.4% in the 2021 period primarily due to consolidation of kindred at home operations which have a lower operating cost ratio than other businesses within the segment, the 2020 impact associated with covid-19 administrative related costs, including expenses associated with additional safety measures taken for our pharmacy, provider, and home solutions teams who continued to provide services to members throughout the crisis, as well as operational improvements in our provider services business, largely related to conviva, along with operating cost efficiencies driven by previously implemented productivity initiatives in 2021. the decrease further reflects the impact of additional investments in the segment's provider business during 2020 related to marketing and aep initiatives. these decreases were partially offset by increased administrative costs in the pharmacy operations as a result of incremental spend to accelerate growth within the business, increased utilization levels in our provider business in 2021 compared to levels in 2020 amid the covid-19 pandemic, as well as increased pharmacy labor-related overtime costs due to weather disruptions occurring in the first quarter of 2021.
liquidity historically, our primary sources of cash have included receipts of premiums, services revenue, and investment and other income, as well as proceeds from the sale or maturity of our investment securities, and borrowings. our primary uses of cash historically have included disbursements for claims payments, operating costs, interest on borrowings, taxes, purchases of investment securities, acquisitions, capital expenditures, repayments on borrowings, dividends, and share repurchases. because premiums generally are collected in advance of claim payments by a period of up to several months, our business normally should produce positive cash flows during periods of increasing premiums and enrollment. conversely, cash flows would be negatively impacted during periods of decreasing premiums and enrollment. from period to period, our cash flows may also be affected by the timing of working capital items including premiums receivable, benefits payable, and other receivables and payables. our cash flows are impacted by the timing of payments to and receipts from cms associated with medicare part d subsidies for which we do not assume risk. the use of cash flows may be limited by regulatory requirements of state departments of insurance (or comparable state regulators) which require, among other items, that our regulated subsidiaries maintain minimum levels of capital and seek approval before paying dividends from the subsidiaries to the parent. our use of cash flows derived from our non-insurance subsidiaries, such as in our healthcare services segment, is generally not restricted by state departments of insurance (or comparable state regulators).
for additional information on our liquidity risk, please refer to item 1a. - risk factors in this 2021 form 10-k.
cash and cash equivalents decreased to $3.4 billion at december 31, 2021 from $4.7 billion at december 31, 2020. the change in cash and cash equivalents for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 is summarized as follows:
2021                                                                         2020                    2019
(in millions)
net cash provided by operating activities                        $2,262                  $5,639                  $5,284
net cash used in investing activities                           (6,556)                 (3,065)                 (1,278)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities               3,015                 (1,955)                 (2,295)
(decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents               $(1,279)                    $619                  $1,711
cash flow from operating activities cash flows provided by operations of $2.3 billion in the 2021 period decreased $3.4 billion from cash flows provided by operations of $5.6 billion in the 2020 period primarily due to the negative impact of working capital items and lower earnings in the 2021 period compared to the 2020 period. our 2021 period operating cash flows were significantly impacted by changes to working capital levels, primarily as a result of prior year disruptions caused by covid-19. these impacts include paying down claims inventory and capitation for provider surplus amounts earned in 2020 as well as additional provider support.
the most significant drivers of changes in our working capital are typically the timing of payments of benefits expense and receipts for premiums. we illustrate these changes with the following summaries of benefits payable and receivables.
the detail of benefits payable was as follows at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019:
change                    change
2021                                                                                                                         2020                    2019                    2021                      2020
(in millions)
ibnr (1)                                                                                        $5,695                  $5,290                  $4,150                  $405                    $1,140
reported claims in process (2)                                                                     907                     816                     628                    91                       188
other benefits payable (3)                                                                       1,687                   2,037                   1,226                 (350)                       811
total benefits payable                                                                          $8,289                  $8,143                  $6,004                   146                     2,139
reconciliation to cash flow statement:
change in payables from acquisition of business                                                                                                                         (42)                         -
changes in benefits payable per cash flow statement resulting in cash from operations                                                                                   $104                    $2,139
(1)ibnr represents an estimate of benefits payable for claims incurred but not reported (ibnr) at the balance sheet date and includes unprocessed claim inventories. the level of ibnr is primarily impacted by membership levels, medical claim trends and the receipt cycle time, which represents the length of time between when a claim is initially incurred and when the claim form is received and processed (i.e. a shorter time span results in a lower ibnr).
(2)reported claims in process represents the estimated valuation of processed claims that are in the post claim adjudication process, which consists of administrative functions such as audit and check batching and handling, as well as amounts owed to our pharmacy benefit administrator which fluctuate due to bi-weekly payments and the month-end cutoff.
(3)other benefits payable include amounts owed to providers under capitated and risk sharing arrangements.
the increase in benefits payable in 2021 was primarily due to higher ibnr and an increase in reported claims in process partially offset by a reduction in capitation accruals. ibnr increased primarily as a result of individual medicare advantage membership growth partially offset by paying down claim inventories. higher reported claims in process was a function of timing of month-end cutoff. the 2020 period was significantly impacted by higher capitation accruals as significantly lower utilization caused by covid-19 resulted in higher surplus accruals to providers. these higher surplus accrual to providers were paid down during 2021.
the detail of total net receivables was as follows at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019:
change         change
2021                                                                                                    2020                    2019                    2021           2020
(in millions)
medicare                                                                   $1,214                    $928                    $835                  $286            $93
commercial and other                                                          579                     122                     162                   457           (40)
military services                                                             104                     160                     128                  (56)             32
allowance for doubtful accounts                                              (83)                    (72)                    (69)                  (11)            (3)
total net receivables                                                      $1,814                  $1,138                  $1,056                   676             82
reconciliation to cash flow statement:
change in receivables from (acquisition) disposition of business                                                                                  (396)              3
change in receivables per cash flow statement                                                                                                      $280            $85
resulting in cash used by operations the changes in medicare receivables for both the 2021 period and the 2020 period reflect individual medicare advantage membership growth and the typical pattern caused by the timing of accruals and related collections associated with the cms risk-adjustment model. the increase in commercial and other receivables in 2021 primarily relates to the kindred at home acquisition.
cash flow from investing activities during 2021, we acquired kindred at home and other primary care businesses for cash consideration of approximately $4.2 billion, net of cash received.
during 2020, we acquired enclara healthcare, a hospice, pharmacy and benefit provider, for cash consideration of approximately $709 million, net of cash received.
our ongoing capital expenditures primarily relate to our information technology initiatives, support of services in our provider services operations including medical and administrative facility improvements necessary for activities such as the provision of care to members, claims processing, billing and collections, wellness solutions, care coordination, regulatory compliance and customer service. total capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, were $1.3 billion, $964 million and $736 million in the 2021, 2020 and 2019 periods, respectively.
net purchases of investment securities were $1.1 billion, $1.4 billion, $542 million in the 2021, 2020 and 2019 periods, respectively.
cash flow from financing activities our financing cash flows are significantly impacted by the timing of claims payments and the related receipts from cms associated with medicare part d claim subsidies for which we do not assume risk. monthly prospective payments from cms for reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies are based on assumptions submitted with our annual bid. settlement of the reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies is based on a reconciliation made approximately 9 months after the close of each calendar year. claim payments were higher than receipts from cms associated with medicare part d claim subsidies for which we do not assume risk by $261 million, $938 million and $560 million in the 2021, 2020 and 2019 periods, respectively. our net receivable from cms for subsidies and brand name prescription drug discounts was $1.4 billion at december 31, 2021 compared to a net receivable of $1.2 billion at december 31, 2020.
under our administrative services only tricare contract, health care costs payments for which we do not assume risk exceeded reimbursements from the federal government by $45 million, $1 million and $63 million in the 2021, 2020 and 2019 periods, respectively.
in august 2021, we issued $1.5 billion of 0.650% unsecured senior notes due august 3, 2023, $750 million of 1.350% unsecured senior notes due february 3, 2027 and $750 million of 2.150% unsecured senior notes due february 3, 2032. our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discounts and commissions paid, were $2,984 million.
as of the closing of the acquisition of kindred at home in august 2021, we assumed approximately $2.1 billion of borrowings, and subsequently repaid $150 million of borrowings. in october 2021, we entered into a $2.0 billion term loan agreement and applied the proceeds to finance the repayment in full of the outstanding assumed kindred at home debt.
in may 2021, we entered into a $500 million unsecured delayed draw term loan credit agreement. in august 2021, we borrowed $500 million under the delayed draw term loan agreement, which was used, in combination with other debt financing, to fund the approximate $5.8 billion transaction price of kindred at home.
in december 2020, we repaid $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 2.5% senior notes due on their maturity date of december 15, 2020.
in march 2020, we drew $1 billion on the existing term loan commitment at the time, which was repaid in november 2020.
in march 2020, we issued $600 million of 4.500% senior notes due april 1, 2025 and $500 million of 4.875% senior notes due april 1, 2030. our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discounts and commissions and offering expenses paid, were $1,088 million.
in august 2019, we issued $500 million of 3.125% senior notes due august 15, 2029 and $500 million of 3.950% senior notes due august 15, 2049. our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discounts and commissions and offering expenses paid, were $987 million. we used the net proceeds from this offering, together with available cash, to repay the $650 million outstanding amount due under our term note in august 2019, and the $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 2.625% senior notes due on its maturity date of october 1, 2019.
we repurchased common shares for $0.08 billion, $1.82 billion and $1.07 billion in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, under share repurchase plans authorized by the board of directors and in connection with employee stock plans.
we paid dividends to stockholders of $354 million in 2021, $323 million in 2020, and $291 million in 2019.
we entered into a commercial paper program in october 2014. net proceeds from issuance of commercial paper were $352 million in 2021 and the maximum principal amount outstanding at any one time during 2021 was $1.2 billion. net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper were $295 million in 2020 and the maximum principal amount outstanding at any one time during 2020 was $600 million. net repayments from issuance of commercial paper were $360 million in 2019 and the maximum principal amount outstanding at any one time during 2019 was $801 million.
the remainder of the cash used in or provided by financing activities in 2021, 2020, and 2019 primarily resulted from debt issuance costs, proceeds from stock option exercises and the change in book overdraft.
future sources and uses of liquidity dividends for a detailed discussion of dividends to stockholders, please refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
stock repurchases for a detailed discussion of stock repurchases, please refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
debt for a detailed discussion of our debt, including our senior notes, term loans, credit agreement and commercial paper program, please refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
liquidity requirements we believe our cash balances, investment securities, operating cash flows, and funds available under our credit agreement and our commercial paper program or from other public or private financing sources, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating and regulatory requirements, acquisitions, future expansion opportunities, and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months, as well as to refinance or repay debt, and repurchase shares.
adverse changes in our credit rating may increase the rate of interest we pay and may impact the amount of credit available to us in the future. our investment-grade credit rating at december 31, 2021 was bbb+ according to standard & poor's rating services, or s&p, and baa3 according to moody's investors services, inc., or moody's. a downgrade by s&p to bb+ or by moody's to ba1 triggers an interest rate increase of 25 basis points with respect to $250 million of our senior notes. successive one notch downgrades increase the interest rate an additional 25 basis points, or annual interest expense by $1 million, up to a maximum 100 basis points, or annual interest expense by $3 million.
in addition, we operate as a holding company in a highly regulated industry. humana inc., our parent company, is dependent upon dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries, most of which are subject to regulatory restrictions. we continue to maintain significant levels of aggregate excess statutory capital and surplus in our state-regulated operating subsidiaries. cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments at the parent company increased to $1.3 billion at december 31, 2021 from $772 million at december 31, 2020. this increase primarily reflects net proceeds from the senior notes and term loans, dividends received from regulated subsidiaries, earnings in non-regulated healthcare services subsidiaries, and the issuance of commercial paper, partially offset by acquisitions, capital contributions to certain subsidiaries, capital expenditures, and cash dividends to shareholders. our use of operating cash derived from our non-insurance subsidiaries, such as our healthcare services segment, is generally not restricted by regulators. our regulated insurance subsidiaries paid dividends to our parent company of $1.6 billion in 2021, $1.3 billion in 2020, and $1.8 billion in 2019. subsidiary capital requirements from significant premium growth has impacted the amount of regulated subsidiary dividends over the last two years. refer to our parent company financial statements and accompanying notes in schedule i - parent company financial information. the amount of ordinary dividends that may be paid to our parent company in 2022 is approximately $1.5 billion, in the aggregate. actual dividends paid may vary due to consideration of excess statutory capital and surplus and expected future surplus requirements related to, for example, premium volume and product mix.
regulatory requirements for a detailed discussion of our regulatory requirements, including aggregate statutory capital and surplus as well as dividends paid from the subsidiaries to our parent, please refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2021, we were not involved in any special purpose entity, or spe, transactions. for a detailed discussion of off-balance sheet arrangements, please refer to note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
guarantees and indemnifications for a detailed discussion of our guarantees and indemnifications, please refer to note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
government contracts for a detailed discussion of our government contracts, including our medicare, military, and medicaid and state-based contracts, please refer to note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
critical accounting policies and estimates the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. the preparation of these financial statements and accompanying notes requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. we continuously evaluate our estimates and those critical accounting policies primarily related to benefits expense and revenue recognition as well as accounting for impairments related to our investment securities, goodwill, indefinite-lived and long-lived assets. these estimates are based on knowledge of current events and anticipated future events and, accordingly, actual results ultimately may differ from those estimates. we believe the following critical accounting policies involve the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
benefits expense recognition benefits expense is recognized in the period in which services are provided and includes an estimate of the cost of services which have been incurred but not yet reported, or ibnr. ibnr represents a substantial portion of our benefits payable as follows:
december 31, 2021                    percentage                   december 31, 2020                    percentage of total                                                          of total
(dollars in millions)
ibnr                                    $5,695                            68.7     %                      $5,290                            65.0     %
reported claims in process                 907                            10.9     %                         816                            10.0     %
other benefits payable                   1,687                            20.4     %                       2,037                            25.0     %
total benefits payable                  $8,289                           100.0     %                      $8,143                           100.0     %
our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best point estimate within a level of confidence required by actuarial standards. for further discussion of our reserving methodology, including our use of completion and claims per member per month trend factors to estimate ibnr, refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
the completion and claims per member per month trend factors are the most significant factors impacting the ibnr estimate. the portion of ibnr estimated using completion factors for claims incurred prior to the most recent two months is generally less variable than the portion of ibnr estimated using trend factors. the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors assuming moderately adverse experience and the estimated potential impact on our operating results caused by reasonably likely changes in these factors based on december 31, 2021 data:
completion factor (a):                                             claims trend factor (b):
factor                  decrease in                                  factor                  decrease in change (c)                  benefits payable                         change (c)                  benefits payable
(dollars in millions)
0.70%                  $(421)                                        3.00%                  $(379)
0.60%                  $(361)                                        2.75%                  $(347)
0.50%                  $(301)                                        2.50%                  $(316)
0.40%                  $(241)                                        2.25%                  $(284)
0.30%                  $(180)                                        2.00%                  $(252)
0.20%                  $(120)                                        1.75%                  $(221)
0.10%                  $(60)                                         1.50%                  $(189)
(a)reflects estimated potential changes in benefits payable at december 31, 2021 caused by changes in completion factors for incurred months prior to the most recent two months.
(b)reflects estimated potential changes in benefits payable at december 31, 2021 caused by changes in annualized claims trend used for the estimation of per member per month incurred claims for the most recent two months.
(c)the factor change indicated represents the percentage point change.
the following table provides a historical perspective regarding the accrual and payment of our benefits payable. components of the total incurred claims for each year include amounts accrued for current year estimated benefits expense as well as adjustments to prior year estimated accruals. refer to note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data for retail and group and specialty segment tables including information about incurred and paid claims development as of december 31, 2021, net of reinsurance, as well as cumulative claim frequency and the total of ibnr included within the net incurred claims amounts.
2021   2020                                         2019
(in millions)
balances at january 1                                $8,143                    $6,004                    $4,862
less: reinsurance recoverables                            -                      (68)                      (95)
balances at january 1, net                            8,143                     5,936                     4,767
acquisitions                                             42                         -                         -
incurred related to:
current year                                         70,024                    61,941                    54,193
prior years                                           (825)                     (313)                     (336)
total incurred                                       69,199                    61,628                    53,857
paid related to:
current year                                       (62,149)                  (54,003)                  (48,421)
prior years                                         (6,946)                   (5,418)                   (4,267)
total paid                                         (69,095)                  (59,421)                  (52,688)
reinsurance recoverable                                   -                         -                        68
balances at december 31                              $8,289                    $8,143                    $6,004
the following table summarizes the changes in estimate for incurred claims related to prior years attributable to our key assumptions. as previously described, our key assumptions consist of trend and completion factors estimated using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. the amounts below represent the difference between our original estimates and the actual benefits expense ultimately incurred as determined from subsequent claim payments.
favorable development by changes in key assumptions
2021                                                                      2020                                                       2019
amount                       factor                        amount                       factor                        amount                       factor change (a)                                                 change (a)                                                 change (a)
(dollars in millions)
trend factors              $(361)                       (3.3)       %                 $(167)                       (1.9)       %                 $(233)                       (3.1)       %
completion factors         (464)                        (0.9)       %                 (146)                        (0.3)       %                 (103)                        (0.3)       %
total                      $(825)                                                     $(313)                                                     $(336)
(a)the factor change indicated represents the percentage point change.
as previously discussed, our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best estimate of our ultimate liability for claims. actuarial standards require the use of assumptions based on moderately adverse experience, which generally results in favorable reserve development, or reserves that are considered redundant. we experienced favorable medical claims reserve development related to prior fiscal years of $825 million in 2021, $313 million in 2020, and $336 million in 2019. the table below details our favorable medical claims reserve development related to prior fiscal years by segment for 2021, 2020, and 2019.
(favorable) unfavorable medical claims reserve                                                     change development
2021                                                  2020                                2019                                2021                    2020
(in millions)
retail segment                      $(729)                              $(266)                              $(386)                     $(463)                     $120
group and specialty segment         (96)                                (47)              50                                           (49)                       (97)
total                               $(825)                              $(313)                              $(336)                     $(512)                      $23
the favorable medical claims reserve development for 2021, 2020, and 2019 primarily reflects the consistent application of trend and completion factors estimated using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. in addition, the higher prior year favorable development for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to the reversal of actions taken in 2020, including the suspension of certain financial recovery programs for a period of time impacting our claim payment patterns. the suspension during 2020 was intended to provide financial and administrative relief for providers facing unprecedented strain as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. our favorable development for each of the years presented above is discussed further in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
we continually adjust our historical trend and completion factor experience with our knowledge of recent events that may impact current trends and completion factors when establishing our reserves. because our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best point estimate using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions as required by actuarial standards, there is a reasonable possibility that variances between actual trend and completion factors and those assumed in our december 31, 2021 estimates would fall towards the middle of the ranges previously presented in our sensitivity table.
revenue recognition we generally establish one-year commercial membership contracts with employer groups, subject to cancellation by the employer group on 30-day written notice. our medicare contracts with cms renew annually. our military services contracts with the federal government and certain contracts with various state medicaid programs generally are multi-year contracts subject to annual renewal provisions.
we receive monthly premiums from the federal government and various states according to government specified payment rates and various contractual terms. we bill and collect premiums from employer groups and members in our medicare and other individual products monthly. changes in premium revenues resulting from the periodic changes in risk-adjustment scores derived from medical diagnoses for our membership are estimated by projecting the ultimate annual premium and recognized ratably during the year with adjustments each period to reflect changes in the ultimate premium.
premiums revenue is estimated by multiplying the membership covered under the various contracts by the contractual rates. premiums revenue is recognized as income in the period members are entitled to receive services, and is net of estimated uncollectible amounts, retroactive membership adjustments, and adjustments to recognize rebates under the minimum benefit ratios required under the health care reform law. we estimate policyholder rebates by projecting calendar year minimum benefit ratios for the small group and large group markets, as defined by the health care reform law using a methodology prescribed by hhs, separately by state and legal entity. medicare advantage products are also subject to minimum benefit ratio requirements under the health care reform law. estimated calendar year rebates recognized ratably during the year are revised each period to reflect current experience. retroactive membership adjustments result from enrollment changes not yet processed, or not yet reported by an employer group or the government. we routinely monitor the collectability of specific accounts, the aging of receivables, historical retroactivity trends, estimated rebates, as well as prevailing and anticipated economic conditions, and reflect any required adjustments in current operations. premiums received prior to the service period are recorded as unearned revenues.
medicare risk-adjustment provisions cms utilizes a risk-adjustment model which apportions premiums paid to medicare advantage, or ma, plans according to health severity. the risk-adjustment model, which cms implemented pursuant to the balanced budget act of 1997 (bba) and the benefits improvement and protection act of 2000 (bipa), generally pays more for enrollees with predictably higher costs. under the risk-adjustment methodology, all ma plans must collect from providers and submit the necessary diagnosis code information to cms within prescribed deadlines. the cms risk-adjustment model uses this diagnosis data to calculate the risk-adjusted premium payment to ma plans. rates paid to ma plans are established under an actuarial bid model, including a process that bases our payments on a comparison of our beneficiaries' risk scores, derived from medical diagnoses, to those enrolled in the government's medicare ffs program. we generally rely on providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to cms as the basis for our payment received from cms under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. we also rely on providers to appropriately document all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. cms is phasing-in the process of calculating risk scores using diagnoses data from the risk adjustment processing system, or raps, to diagnoses data from the encounter data system, or eds. the raps process requires ma plans to apply a filter logic based on cms guidelines and only submit diagnoses that satisfy those guidelines. for submissions through eds, cms requires ma plans to submit all the encounter data and cms will apply the risk adjustment filtering logic to determine the risk scores. for 2021, 75% of the risk score was calculated from claims data submitted through eds. cms will complete the phased-in transition from raps to eds by using only eds data to calculate risk scores in 2022. the phase-in from raps to eds could result in different risk scores from each dataset as a result of plan processing issues, cms processing issues, or filtering logic differences between raps and eds, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. we estimate risk-adjustment revenues based on medical diagnoses for our membership. the risk-adjustment model, including cms changes to the submission process, is more fully described in item 1. - business under the section titled "individual medicare," and in item 1a. - risk factors.
investment securities investment securities totaled $14.0 billion, or 31% of total assets at december 31, 2021, and $13.8 billion, or 39% of total assets at december 31, 2020. the investment portfolio was primarily comprised of debt securities, detailed below, at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020. the fair value of investment securities were as follows at december 31, 2021 and 2020:
12/31/2021                    percentage                    12/31/2020                    percentage of total                                                    of total
(dollars in millions)
u.s. treasury and other u.s. government corporations and agencies:
u.s. treasury and agency obligations                          $602                           4.3     %                    $616                           4.5     %
mortgage-backed securities                                   3,229                          23.1     %                   3,254                          23.6     %
tax-exempt municipal securities                                841                           6.0     %                   1,447                          10.5     %
mortgage-backed securities:
residential                                                    367                           2.6     %                      17                           0.1     %
commercial                                                   1,410                          10.1     %                   1,318                           9.6     %
asset-backed securities                                      1,348                           9.7     %                   1,372                          10.0     %
corporate debt securities                                    5,700                          40.8     %                   4,927                          35.8     %
total debt securities                                       13,497                          96.6     %                  12,951                          94.1     %
common stock                                                   475                           3.4     %                     815                           5.9     %
total investment securities                                $13,972                         100.0     %                 $13,766                         100.0     %
approximately 95% of our debt securities were investment-grade quality, with a weighted average credit rating of aa- by s&p at december 31, 2021. most of the debt securities that were below investment-grade were rated bb, the higher end of the below investment-grade rating scale. tax-exempt municipal securities were diversified among general obligation bonds of states and local municipalities in the united states as well as special revenue bonds issued by municipalities to finance specific public works projects such as utilities, water and sewer, transportation, or education. our general obligation bonds are diversified across the united states with no individual state exceeding 1% of our total debt securities. our investment policy limits investments in a single issuer and requires diversification among various asset types.
gross unrealized losses and fair values aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position were as follows at december 31, 2021:
less than 12 months                                      12 months or more                                               total fair                            gross                     fair                         gross                     fair                      gross value                       unrealized                    value                    unrealized                    value                 unrealized losses                                                 losses                                              losses
(in millions)
u.s. treasury and other u.s. government corporations and agencies:
u.s. treasury and agency obligations                 $201                            $(3)                       $355                        $(7)                       $556                    $(10)
mortgage-backed securities                          2,082                            (49)                        556                        (20)                      2,638                     (69)
tax-exempt municipal securities                        68                             (1)                         34                         (1)                        102                      (2)
mortgage-backed securities:
residential                                           358                             (6)                          8                           -                        366                      (6)
commercial                                            295                             (4)                        400                         (7)                        695                     (11)
asset-backed securities                               530                             (3)                        425                         (1)                        955                      (4)
corporate debt securities                           1,456                            (28)                        769                        (31)                      2,225                     (59)
total debt securities                              $4,990                           $(94)                     $2,547                       $(67)                     $7,537                   $(161)
prior to january 1, 2020, we applied the other-than-temporary impairment model for securities in an unrealized loss position which did not result in any material impairments for 2019. beginning on january 1, 2020, we adopted the new current expected credit losses, or cecl, model which retained many similarities from the previous other-than-temporary impairment model except eliminating from consideration in the impairment analysis the length of time over which the fair value had been less than cost. also, under the cecl model, expected losses on available for sale debt securities are recognized through an allowance for credit losses rather than as reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. for debt securities whose fair value is less than their amortized cost which we do not intend to sell or are not required to sell, we evaluate the expected cash flows to be received as compared to amortized cost and determine if an expected credit loss has occurred. in the event of an expected credit loss, only the amount of the impairment associated with the expected credit loss is recognized in income with the remainder, if any, of the loss recognized in other comprehensive income. to the extent we have the intent to sell the debt security or it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of our amortized cost basis, we recognize an impairment loss in income in an amount equal to the full difference between the amortized cost basis and the fair value.
potential expected credit loss impairment is considered using a variety of factors, including the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost; adverse conditions specifically related to the industry, geographic area or financial condition of the issuer or underlying collateral of a debt security; changes in the quality of the debt security's credit enhancement; payment structure of the debt security; changes in credit rating of the debt security by the rating agencies; failure of the issuer to make scheduled principal or interest payments on the debt security and changes in prepayment speeds. for debt securities, we take into account expectations of relevant market and economic data. for example, with respect to mortgage and asset-backed securities, such data includes underlying loan level data and structural features such as seniority and other forms of credit enhancements. we estimate the amount of the expected credit loss component of a debt security as the difference between the amortized cost and the present value of the expected cash flows of the security. the present value is determined using the best estimate of future cash flows discounted at the implicit interest rate at the date of purchase. the expected credit loss cannot exceed the full difference between the amortized cost basis and the fair value.
the risks inherent in assessing the impairment of an investment include the risk that market factors may differ from our expectations, facts and circumstances factored into our assessment may change with the passage of time, or we may decide to subsequently sell the investment. the determination of whether a decline in the value of an investment is related to a credit event requires us to exercise significant diligence and judgment. the discovery of new information and the passage of time can significantly change these judgments. the status of the general economic environment and significant changes in the national securities markets influence the determination of fair value and the assessment of investment impairment. there is a continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and additional material realized losses from sales or expected credit loss impairments may be recorded in future periods.
all issuers of debt securities we own that were trading at an unrealized loss at december 31, 2021 remain current on all contractual payments. after taking into account these and other factors previously described, we believe these unrealized losses primarily were caused by an increase in market interest rates in the current markets since the time the debt securities were purchased. at december 31, 2021, we did not intend to sell any debt securities with an unrealized loss position in accumulated other comprehensive income, and it is not likely that we will be required to sell these debt securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis. additionally, we did not record any material credit allowances for debt securities that were in an unrealized loss position at december 31, 2021 or 2020 there were no material other-than-temporary impairments in 2019.
goodwill, indefinite-lived and long-lived assets at december 31, 2021, goodwill, indefinite-lived and other long-lived assets represented 38% of total assets and 104% of total stockholders' equity, compared to 20% and 52%, respectively, at december 31, 2020. the increase in goodwill, indefinite-lived and other long-lived assets is primarily attributable to our august 2021 kah acquisition.
for goodwill, we are required to test at least annually for impairment at a level of reporting referred to as the reporting unit, and more frequently if adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. a reporting unit either is our operating segments or one level below the operating segments, referred to as a component, which comprise our reportable segments. a component is considered a reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available that is regularly reviewed by management. we are required to aggregate the components of an operating segment into one reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. goodwill is assigned to the reporting unit that is expected to benefit from a specific acquisition.
we perform a quantitative assessment to review goodwill for impairment to determine both the existence and amount of goodwill impairment, if any. our strategy, long-range business plan, and annual planning process support our goodwill impairment tests. these tests are performed, at a minimum, annually in the fourth quarter, and are based on an evaluation of future discounted cash flows. we rely on this discounted cash flow analysis to determine fair value. however outcomes from the discounted cash flow analysis are compared to other market approach valuation methodologies for reasonableness. we use discount rates that correspond to a market-based weighted-average cost of capital and terminal growth rates that correspond to long-term growth prospects, consistent with the long-term inflation rate. key assumptions in our cash flow projections, including changes in membership, premium yields, medical and operating cost trends, and certain government contract extensions, are consistent with those utilized in our long-range business plan and annual planning process. if these assumptions differ from actual, including the impact of the health care reform law or changes in government reimbursement rates, the estimates underlying our goodwill impairment tests could be adversely affected. the fair value of our reporting units with significant goodwill exceeded carrying amounts by a substantial margin. however, unfavorable changes in key assumptions or combinations of assumptions including a significant increase in the discount rate, decrease in the long-term growth rate or substantial reduction in our underlying cash flow assumptions, including revenue growth rates, medical and operating cost trends, and projected operating income could have a significant negative impact on the estimated fair value of our home solutions and provider reporting units, which accounted for $6.6 billion and $933 million of goodwill, respectively. our home solutions reporting unit includes approximately $5.8 billion of goodwill from our august 2021 kah acquisition. impairment tests completed for 2021, 2020, and 2019 did not result in an impairment loss.
indefinite-lived intangible assets relate to certificate of needs (con) and medicare licenses acquired in connection with our august 2021 kah acquisition with a carrying value of $2.3 billion at december 31, 2021. like goodwill, we are required to test at least annually for impairment and more frequently if adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. these tests are performed, at a minimum, annually in the fourth quarter. if the carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized. fair values of indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined based on the income approach. impairment tests completed for 2021 did not result in an impairment loss.
long-lived assets consist of property and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets. these assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life, and are subject to impairment reviews. we periodically review long-lived assets whenever adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. in assessing recoverability, we must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine if an impairment loss may exist, and, if so, estimate fair value. we also must estimate and make assumptions regarding the useful life we assign to our long-lived assets. if these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record impairment losses or change the useful life, including accelerating depreciation or amortization for these assets. there were no material impairment losses in the last three years.
