item 1a. risk factors.
howmet's business, financial condition, and results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. in addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm the company's business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows, including causing its actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. the following list of risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to howmet or that howmet currently deems immaterial may also adversely affect the company materially in future periods.
risks related to our business and operations our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows have been and could continue to be adversely impacted materially by the continued effects of the covid-19 pandemic.
the covid-19 pandemic affecting the global community has had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows, and the nature and extent of the impact over time remain highly uncertain. the impact over time will depend on future developments that are beyond our control, including the duration of the pandemic, the continued severity of the virus, resurgences and emergence of variants of the virus, the efficacy and availability or uptake of vaccines and related drugs, and the actions that may be taken in response to covid-19, such as vaccine mandates, manufacturing restrictions, labor policies, and travel limitations. the longer the pandemic's duration, the greater the potential impact on our business and the more heightened the risk of a continuing material adverse effect on our company, business strategies and initiatives.
•business and operations risks: we continue to monitor covid-19 guidance and requirements, to determine whether we will need to modify our business practices or take actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our stakeholders, including our continuing focus on the safety and protection of our workforce. if there are restrictions on or disruptions to our business practices, we may be unable to perform fully on our contracts and our operational costs may increase. the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in increased operational challenges, which have included, and may in the future include, manufacturing site shutdowns and workplace disruptions. we may also face challenges in restoring our production levels if and when covid-19 abates if we are unable to reinstate our workforce at the levels needed or if our suppliers experience disruptions that impact their ability to provide goods or services to us. as a result of covid-19 and its negative impact on the aerospace and commercial transportation markets, the possibility exists that a corresponding sustained impact to our operations, financial results and market capitalization may require material impairments of our assets, including, but not limited to, goodwill and other intangible assets, long-lived assets, and right-of-use assets.
•customer risks: we have limited visibility into future demand due to the disruptions resulting from covid-19. the significant decrease in air travel, resulting from the covid-19 pandemic and the measures that governments and private organizations worldwide have implemented in an attempt to contain its spread, has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, airlines and aircraft manufacturers and their respective demand for our and our customers' products and services. aircraft manufacturers have reduced, and may continue to reduce, production rates due to fewer expected aircraft deliveries and, as a result, demand for products in the oem market has significantly decreased. several of our aerospace customers previously suspended operations at certain production sites, reduced operations and production rates, and/or took cost-cutting actions, including, but not limited to, general electric company, raytheon technologies corporation and the boeing company, which represented approximately 13%, 9%, and 5%, respectively, of our third-party sales in 2021. due to reduced air traffic and flight cycles, spares and aftermarket demand has declined and could remain low until air travel levels return. the decrease in domestic and international air travel due to the pandemic has adversely affected demand for narrow-body and wide-body aircraft, respectively. while domestic air travel has increased during the second half of 2021, international travel has not yet begun to recover and the commercial wide-body aircraft market may take longer to recover. in addition, several of our commercial transportation customers have encountered, and may continue to encounter, challenges in their ability to increase production rates to meet demand due to supply chain constraints stemming from the pandemic. due to the foregoing factors and other cost-cutting measures by our customers, we are experiencing, and expect to continue experiencing, lower demand and volume for our products. in addition, the ongoing covid-19 pandemic may negatively impact customer contract negotiations, including the ability to negotiate acceptable terms in contract renewal negotiations and our ability to obtain new customers. ultimately, the demand for our products is driven by the demand for transportation and travel within and between various countries.
•market, liquidity and credit risks: financial market dynamics and volatility due to covid-19 could pose heightened risks to our liquidity, including those discussed below in "-risks related to liquidity and capital resources." if the covid-19 pandemic continues for a prolonged period, it could adversely affect our financial condition, including with respect to satisfying both required and voluntary pension funding requirements, could result in potential increases in net debt or reductions in ebitda, and could otherwise negatively affect our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. if the foregoing or other factors negatively impact our ability to comply with the financial covenant in our five-year revolving credit agreement (the "credit agreement"), our ability to draw under the credit agreement would be adversely affected. conditions in the financial and credit markets may also limit the availability of funding or increase the cost of funding or our ability to refinance certain portions of our indebtedness.
the covid-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks disclosed herein, including, but not limited to, risks related to global economic conditions, competition, loss of customers, costs of supplies, supply chain disruptions, manufacturing difficulties and disruptions, investment returns, our credit profile, our credit ratings, and interest rates. we expect that the longer the period of disruption from covid-19 continues, the more material the adverse impact will be on our business operations, financial performance, results of operations and/or cash flows.
the markets for howmet's products are cyclical and are influenced by a number of factors, including global economic conditions.
howmet is subject to cyclical fluctuations in global economic conditions and lightweight metals end-use markets. howmet sells many products to industries that are cyclical, such as the aerospace and commercial transportation industries, and the demand for our products is sensitive to, and quickly impacted by, demand for the finished goods manufactured by our customers in these industries, which may change as a result of changes in regional or worldwide economies, currency exchange rates, energy prices or other factors beyond our control. in particular, howmet derives a significant portion of our revenue from products sold to the aerospace industry, which is cyclical and reflective of changes in the general economy. the commercial aerospace industry is historically driven by the demand from commercial airlines for new aircraft and spare parts. the u.s. and international commercial aviation industries may face challenges arising from competitive pressures and fuel costs. demand for commercial aircraft and spare parts is influenced by airline industry profitability, trends in airline passenger traffic, the state of u.s., regional and world economies, the ability of aircraft purchasers to obtain required financing and numerous other factors. the defense aerospace cycle is highly dependent on u.s. and foreign government funding; however, it is also driven by the effects of terrorism, a changing global geopolitical environment, u.s. foreign policy, the retirement of older military aircraft, and technological improvements to new engines and airframes. further, the demand for howmet's commercial transportation products is driven by the number of vehicles produced by commercial transportation manufacturers. commercial transportation sales and production are affected by many factors, including the age of the vehicle fleet, labor relations issues, fuel prices, regulatory requirements, government initiatives, trade agreements, and levels of competition. howmet is unable to predict the future course of industry variables, the strength of the u.s., regional or global economies, or the effects of government actions. negative economic conditions, such as a major economic downturn, a prolonged recovery period, or disruptions in the financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on howmet's business, financial condition or results of operations.
a material disruption of, or manufacturing difficulties at, howmet's manufacturing operations could adversely affect howmet's business.
if howmet's operations, particularly one of its key manufacturing facilities, were to be disrupted, including because of significant equipment failures, natural disasters, power outages, fires, explosions, terrorism, theft, sabotage, adverse weather conditions, public health crises, labor disputes, labor shortages or other reasons, howmet may be unable to effectively meet its obligations to, or demand from, its customers. in addition, the manufacture of many of howmet's products is a complex process. manufacturing problems arising from equipment failure or malfunction, inadvertent failure to follow regulatory or customer specifications and procedures, including those related to quality or safety, and problems with raw materials could have an adverse impact on the company's ability to fulfill orders or meet product quality or performance requirements, which may result in negative publicity and damage to our reputation, adversely impacting product demand and customer relationships. interruptions in production capability could increase howmet's costs and reduce its sales, including causing the company to incur costs for premium freight, make substantial capital expenditures, or purchase alternative material at higher costs to fulfill customer orders. additionally, a delivery delay by us due to production interruptions could subject us to liability from customer claims that such delay resulted in losses to the customer. furthermore, product manufacturing or performance issues could result in recalls, customer penalties, contract cancellation and product liability exposure in addition to a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. because of approval, license and qualification requirements applicable to manufacturers and/or their suppliers, sources of alternatives to mitigate manufacturing disruptions may not be readily available to howmet or its customers.
howmet is dependent on a limited number of suppliers for materials and services essential to our operations, including raw materials, and supply chain disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business.
howmet has supply arrangements with suppliers for various materials and services, including raw materials. we maintain annual or long-term contracts for a majority of our supply requirements, and for the remainder we depend on spot purchases. there can be no assurance that we will be able to renew, or obtain replacements for, any of our long-term contracts when they expire on terms that are as favorable as our existing agreements, or at all. supply constraints could impact our production or force us to purchase materials and other supplies from alternative sources, which may not be available in sufficient quantities or on terms that are favorable to us. howmet could also have exposure if a key supplier is unable to deliver sufficient quantities of a necessary material on a timely basis. the availability and costs of certain raw materials necessary for the production of howmet's products may be influenced by private or government entities, including as a result of changes in geopolitical conditions or regulatory requirements, labor relations between the producers and their work forces, and unstable governments in exporting nations. any of the foregoing supply chain disruptions or those due to capacity constraints, trade barriers, labor shortages, business continuity, quality, cyberattacks, transportation, delivery or logistics challenges, weather, natural disaster, or pandemic events could adversely affect howmet's business, results of operations or financial condition.
howmet's business could be adversely affected by increases in raw material, manufacturing and operating costs due to inflation and other market forces or governmental constraints.
howmet may be adversely affected by raw material, freight, energy, labor and other manufacturing and operating cost increases. the costs of certain raw materials (including, but not limited to, nickel, titanium, aluminum, cobalt, and rhenium) necessary for the manufacture of howmet's products and other manufacturing and operating costs may be influenced by inflation, market forces of supply and demand, shortages, export limits, sanctions, new or increased import duties, and countervailing or anti-dumping duties. while we generally attempt to pass along higher raw material costs to our customers through contractual agreements in the form of price increases, there can be a delay between an increase in our raw material costs and our ability to increase the prices of our products. additionally, we may not be able to increase the prices of our products due to competitive pricing pressure and other factors. if the company is unable to offset significant cost increases through customer price increases, productivity improvements, cost reduction or other programs, howmet's business, operating results or financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
howmet's business depends, in part, on its ability to successfully meet increased program demand, production targets and commitments.
howmet is currently under contract to supply components for a number of new and existing commercial, general aviation, military aircraft and aircraft engine programs. many of these contracts contemplate production increases over the next several years. if howmet fails to meet production targets and commitments, or encounters difficulty or unexpected costs in meeting such levels, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results or financial condition. similarly, to the extent demand for our products increases rapidly and significantly in future periods, whether as a result of general market conditions, the end of the covid-19 pandemic or otherwise, we may not be able to ramp up production quickly enough to meet the demand. we may also face difficulties in competing for and recruiting qualified employees. these difficulties could result in significant delivery delays that could damage howmet's reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or competitive position.
failure to attract and retain a skilled global workforce or to provide adequate succession planning for key personnel could adversely affect howmet's operations and competitiveness.
howmet's global operations require skilled personnel with relevant industry and technical experience. shortages in certain skills, in areas such as engineering, manufacturing and technology, and other labor market inadequacies have created more competition for talent. a sustained labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover, labor inflation, or increase in general labor costs, whether caused by covid-19 or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could lead to higher labor, recruiting or training costs to attract and retain personnel. in addition, the company's headcount reductions to align our operations with reduced demand due to covid-19 could make it difficult to refill the eliminated positions as business recovers. if the company fails to attract, develop and retain a global workforce with the skills and in the locations we need to operate and grow our business, our operations could be adversely impacted. furthermore, the continuity of key personnel and the preservation of institutional knowledge are vital to the success of the company's growth and business strategy. the loss of key members of management could significantly harm howmet's business, and any unplanned turnover or failure to develop adequate succession plans for key positions could deplete the company's institutional knowledge base, result in loss of technical or other expertise, delay or impede the execution of the company's business plans and erode howmet's competitiveness.
howmet could be adversely affected by the loss of key customers or significant changes in the business or financial condition of its customers.
howmet has long-term contracts with a significant number of its customers, some of which are subject to renewal, renegotiation or re-pricing at periodic intervals or upon changes in competitive supply conditions. howmet's failure to successfully renew, renegotiate or favorably re-price such agreements, or a material deterioration in or termination of these customer relationships, could result in a reduction or loss in customer purchase volume or revenue. additionally, a significant downturn or deterioration in the business or financial condition or loss of a key customer supplied by howmet could adversely affect howmet's financial results. howmet's customers may experience delays in the launch of new products, labor strikes, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability, weak demand for their products, or other difficulties in their businesses. for example, our sales could continue to be negatively affected by the residual impacts of the boeing 737 max grounding in 2019, as well as boeing's pause in deliveries of its 787 aircraft since may 2021 that has resulted in boeing's significantly reduced 787 production rates. howmet's customers may also change their business strategies or modify their business relationships with howmet, including to reduce the amount of howmet's products they purchase, to switch to alternative suppliers, or to enter into the markets themselves to compete with howmet. if howmet's customers reduce, terminate or delay purchases from howmet due to the foregoing factors or otherwise and howmet is unsuccessful in enforcing its contract rights or replacing such business in whole or in part or replaces it with less profitable business, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
howmet's products are used in a variety of military applications, including military aircraft. although many of the military programs in which howmet participates extend several years, changes in military strategy, policy and priorities, or reductions in defense spending, may affect current and future funding of these programs and could reduce the demand for howmet's products, which could adversely affect howmet's business, financial condition or results of operations.
information technology system failures, cyberattacks and security breaches may threaten the integrity of howmet's intellectual property and other sensitive information, disrupt its business operations, and result in reputational harm and other negative consequences having a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations.
howmet's information technology systems could be subject to damage or interruption from power outages; computer network and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; catastrophic events, such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism; and usage errors by employees. if howmet's information technology systems are damaged or cease to function properly, the company may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and howmet may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in its operations. any material disruption in the company's information technology systems, or delays or difficulties in implementing or integrating new systems or enhancing current systems, could have an adverse effect on howmet's business, financial condition or results of operations.
increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted cyberattacks pose a risk to the security of our and our customers', suppliers' and third-party service providers' products, systems and networks, and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. the company believes that it faces threats of cyberattacks due to the industries it serves, the locations of its operations, and its technological innovations. the company has experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past, including breaches of its information technology systems in which information was taken, and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. although past attacks have not resulted in known losses of any critical data or had a material impact on howmet's financial condition or results of operations, the scope and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. while the company continually works to safeguard its systems and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyberattacks or security breaches that manipulate or improperly use the company's systems or networks, compromise confidential or otherwise protected information, destroy or corrupt data, block access to its systems, or otherwise disrupt its operations. the occurrence of such events could negatively impact howmet's reputation and its competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential liability and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations.
howmet faces significant competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability.
as discussed in "competitive conditions" in part i, item 1 (business) of this report, the markets for howmet's products are highly competitive. howmet's competitors include a variety of both u.s. and non-u.s. companies in our product markets, which could include existing customers. new entrants in our markets, new product offerings, new and/or emerging technologies in the marketplace, or new facilities may compete with or replace howmet products. the willingness of customers to accept alternate solutions for the products sold by howmet, the ability of large customers to exert leverage in the marketplace to affect the pricing for howmet's products, and technological advancements or other developments by or affecting howmet's competitors or customers could adversely affect howmet's business, financial condition or results of operations.
in addition, howmet may face increased competition due to industry consolidation. as companies attempt to strengthen or maintain their market positions, companies could be acquired or merged. companies that are strategic partners in some areas of howmet's business may acquire or form alliances with howmet's competitors, thereby reducing their business with howmet. industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors who are better able to obtain favorable terms from suppliers or who are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. consolidation within howmet's customer base may result in customers who are better able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could adversely affect howmet's profitability. consolidation within howmet's customer base may also lead to reduced demand for howmet's products if a combined entity replaces howmet's products with those of howmet's competitors with which it has prior relationships. the result of these developments could have a material adverse effect on howmet's business, operating results and financial condition.
howmet's competitive position and future performance depends, in part, on the company's ability to develop and innovate products, deploy technology initiatives and implement advanced manufacturing technologies. while howmet intends to continue to develop innovative new products and services, it may not be able to successfully differentiate its products or services from those of its competitors or achieve and maintain technological advantages.
risks related to liquidity and capital resources a decline in howmet's financial performance or outlook could negatively impact its credit profile, its access to capital markets and its borrowing costs.
a decline in the company's financial performance or outlook due to internal or external factors, such as macroeconomic conditions, a deterioration in the company's financial metrics or a contraction in the company's liquidity, could adversely affect the company's credit ratings and its access to the capital or credit markets on terms and conditions that the company finds acceptable. a downgrade of howmet's credit ratings could result in negative consequences, including limiting its ability to obtain future financing on favorable terms, if at all, increasing borrowing costs and credit facility fees, triggering collateral postings, and adversely affecting the market price of howmet securities. for information on our credit ratings, see "liquidity and capital resources" in part ii, item 7 (management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations). limitations on howmet's ability to access global capital markets, a reduction in howmet's liquidity or an increase in borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect howmet's ability to maintain or grow its business, which in turn may adversely affect its financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
howmet's business and growth prospects may be negatively impacted by limits in its capital expenditures.
howmet may require substantial capital to invest in growth opportunities and to maintain and prolong the life and capacity of its existing facilities. insufficient cash generation may negatively impact howmet's ability to fund its planned sustaining and return-seeking capital projects, which could adversely affect the long-term value of the company's business and its competitiveness.
an adverse decline in the liability discount rate, lower-than-expected investment return on pension assets and other factors could adversely affect howmet's results of operations or amount of pension funding contributions in future periods.
howmet's results of operations may be negatively affected by the amount of expense howmet records for its pension and other postretirement benefit plans, by reductions in the fair value of plan assets and by other factors. howmet calculates income or expense for its plans using actuarial valuations in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). these valuations reflect assumptions about financial market and other economic conditions, which may change based on changes in key economic indicators. the most significant year-end assumptions used by howmet to estimate pension or other postretirement benefit income or expense for the following year are the discount rate applied to plan liabilities and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. in addition, howmet is required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant charge to shareholders' equity. for a discussion regarding how howmet's financial statements can be affected by pension and other postretirement benefits accounting policies, see "critical accounting policies and estimates-pension and other postretirement benefits" in part ii, item 7 (management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations) and note h to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8.
adverse capital market conditions could result in reductions in the fair value of plan assets and increase the company's liabilities related to such plans. additionally, unpredictable future declines in the discount rate or lower-than-expected investment returns on plan assets could lead to a decline in the plans' funded status and result in higher than expected pension contributions. the foregoing factors may adversely affect the company's financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
dividends and share repurchases fall within the discretion of our board of directors, depend on a number of factors, and are subject to limits under the company's credit agreement.
share repurchases and the declaration of dividends fall within the discretion of howmet's board of directors, and the board's decision regarding such matters depends on many factors, including howmet's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, covenants associated with certain of the company's debt obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that the board deems relevant. in addition, under the credit agreement, during the year ending december 31, 2022 (unless the company ends this period earlier in accordance with the agreement or otherwise), common stock dividends and share repurchases are permitted only if no borrowings are outstanding under the credit agreement and are limited to an aggregate amount of $500 million. the company previously suspended dividends in april 2020 to preserve cash and provide flexibility in light of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic but resumed dividend payments in the third quarter of 2021. there can be no assurance that the company will declare dividends or repurchase stock in the future in any particular amounts, or at all.
risks related to legal and regulatory matters product liability, product safety, personal injury, property damage, and recall claims and investigations may materially affect howmet's financial condition and damage its reputation.
the manufacture and sale of our products expose howmet to potential product liability, personal injury, property damage and related claims. in the event that a howmet product fails to perform as expected, regardless of fault, or is used in an unexpected manner, and such failure or use results in, or is alleged to result in, bodily injury and/or property damage or other losses, howmet may be subject to product liability lawsuits and other claims, or may participate in a recall or other corrective action involving such product. in addition, if a howmet product is perceived to be defective or unsafe, howmet's sales could decrease, its reputation could be adversely impacted and howmet could be exposed to government investigations or regulatory enforcement actions. an adverse outcome in one or more of these proceedings or investigations could also have a material adverse effect on howmet's business, financial condition or profitability; result in substantial monetary damages and/or non-monetary penalties; result in loss of customers; and require changes to our products or business operations.
our business may be adversely affected if we fail to comply with government contracting regulations.
we derive a portion of our revenue from sales to u.s. and foreign governments and their respective agencies. such contracts are subject to various procurement laws and regulations and contract provisions relating to their formation, administration and performance. new laws and regulations or changes to existing ones (including, but not limited to, those related to subcontracting, cybersecurity and specialty metals) can increase our risks and/or costs. failure to comply with these laws, regulations or provisions in our government contracts could result in the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties, termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, increased pricing pressure or suspension from future government contracting. if our government contracts are terminated, if we are suspended from government work, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our financial condition and results of operation could be adversely affected.
howmet's global operations expose howmet to risks that could adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the market price of its securities.
howmet has operations or activities in numerous countries and regions outside the united states, including europe, canada, mexico, china, and japan. as a result, howmet's global operations are affected by economic, political, legal (such as laws regulating international trade), and other conditions in the united states and foreign countries in which howmet does business, including (i) economic and commercial instability risks, including changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, such as those related to tariffs, sanctions and trade barriers, taxation, exchange controls, employment regulations and repatriation of assets or earnings; (ii) geopolitical risks such as political instability, civil unrest, expropriation, nationalization of properties by a government, imposition of sanctions, and renegotiation or nullification of existing agreements; (iii) war, terrorist activities, kidnapping of personnel or other dangerous conditions; (iv) compliance with applicable u.s. and foreign laws, including antitrust and competition regulations, the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-bribery and corruption laws, and laws concerning trade, including the international traffic in arms regulations, the export administration regulations, and the sanctions, regulations and embargoes administered by the u.s. department of treasury's office of foreign assets control; (v) aggressive, selective or lax enforcement of laws and regulations by foreign governmental authorities; (vi) exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, as well as inflation, economic factors, and currency controls in the countries in which it operates; and (vii) imposition of currency controls. howmet faces risks arising from the imposition of cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls in certain countries in which it operates, including china. cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls may limit the company's ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by howmet's foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing restrictions or controls. should the company need to fund its operations using cash from countries where there are restrictions or controls in place, it may be unable to do so on a timely basis and/or without incurring substantial costs. although the effect of any of the foregoing factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect howmet's business, financial condition, or results of operations.
howmet may face challenges to its intellectual property rights which could adversely affect the company's reputation, business and competitive position.
howmet owns important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets. the company's intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining howmet's competitive position in a number of the markets that the company serves. howmet's competitors may develop technologies that are similar or superior to howmet's proprietary technologies or design around the patents howmet owns or licenses. despite its controls and safeguards, howmet's technology may be misappropriated by its employees, its competitors or other third parties. the pursuit of remedies for any misappropriation of howmet intellectual property is expensive and the ultimate remedies may be deemed insufficient. further, in jurisdictions where the enforcement of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk of misappropriation of howmet intellectual property increases, despite efforts the company undertakes to protect it. developments or assertions by or against howmet relating to intellectual property rights, and any inability to protect or enforce howmet's rights sufficiently, could adversely affect howmet's business and competitive position.
howmet may be exposed to significant legal proceedings, investigations or changes in u.s. federal, state or foreign law, regulation or policy.
howmet is also subject to a variety of global legal and regulatory compliance risks in connection with its business and products. these risks include, among other things, potential claims or compliance issues, including those relating to securities laws, intellectual property rights, insurance, commercial matters, antitrust and competition, human rights, third-party relationships, supply chain operations and the manufacture and sale of products. howmet could be subject to fines, penalties, damages or suspension, or debarment from government contracts. a future adverse ruling or settlement or unfavorable changes in laws, regulations or policies, or other contingencies that the company cannot predict with certainty, could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in a particular period, and could require substantial attention from management and result in significant legal expenses. for additional information regarding the legal proceedings involving the company, see note v to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8.
unanticipated changes in howmet's tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect howmet's future profitability.
howmet is subject to income taxes in both the united states and various non-u.s. jurisdictions. its domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the distribution of income among these different jurisdictions. changes in applicable domestic or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect the company's tax expense and profitability. howmet's tax expense includes estimates of additional tax that may be incurred for tax exposures and reflects various estimates and assumptions. the assumptions include assessments of future earnings of the company that could impact the valuation of its deferred tax assets. the company's future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the overall profitability of the company, changes in tax legislation and rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the results of tax audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns or related litigation and continuing assessments of its tax exposures.
howmet is subject to privacy and data security/protection laws in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may be exposed to substantial costs and liabilities associated with such laws and regulations.
the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. for example, the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which became effective in may 2018 and was recently updated, imposed significant new requirements on how companies process and transfer personal data, as well as significant fines for non-compliance. compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes, which could have a material adverse effect on howmet's financial condition and results of operations. in addition, the payment of potentially significant fines or penalties in the event of a breach of the gdpr or other privacy and information security laws, as well as the negative publicity associated with such a breach, could damage the company's reputation.
labor disputes and other employee relations issues could adversely affect howmet's business, financial condition or results of operations.
a significant portion of howmet's employees are represented by labor unions in a number of countries under various collective bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration dates. for more information, see "employees" in part i, item 1 (business) of this report. howmet may not be able to renegotiate satisfactorily collective bargaining agreements in the united states and other countries when they expire. in addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at howmet's facilities in the future. howmet may also be subject to general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated to its business or collective bargaining agreements. any such work stoppages (or potential work stoppages) could have a material adverse effect on howmet's business, financial condition or results of operations.
failure to comply with domestic or international employment and related laws could result in penalties or costs that could have a material adverse effect on howmet's business results.
howmet is subject to a variety of domestic and foreign employment laws, such as the fair labor standards act (which governs such matters as minimum wages, overtime and recordkeeping), state and local wage laws, the employee retirement income security act ("erisa"), and regulations related to safety, discrimination, organizing, whistle-blowing, classification of employees, privacy, citizenship requirements, and healthcare insurance mandates. class action lawsuits can result from alleged violations of state employment laws. allegations that howmet has violated such laws or regulations could damage the company's reputation and lead to fines from or settlements with federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities or damages payable to former employees, which could have a material adverse impact on howmet's business, results of operation and financial condition.
howmet is exposed to environmental, health and safety risks and is subject to a broad range of health, safety and environmental laws and regulations which may result in substantial costs and liabilities.
howmet's operations worldwide are subject to numerous complex and increasingly stringent health, safety and environmental laws and regulations. the costs of complying with such laws and regulations, as well as participation in assessments and cleanups of sites, and internal voluntary programs, have been, and in the future could be, significant. environmental matters for which howmet may be liable may arise in the future at its present sites, at sites owned or operated by its predecessors or affiliates, at sites that it may acquire in the future, or at third-party sites used by howmet, its predecessors or affiliates for material and waste handling and disposal. compliance with health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, including remediation obligations, may impact howmet's results of operations or liquidity in a particular period.
in addition, the industrial activities conducted at howmet's facilities present a significant risk of injury or death to our employees or third parties that may be on site. our operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local agencies in the united states and regulation by foreign government entities abroad responsible for employee health and safety, including the occupational safety and health administration. material liabilities relating to injury, death or other workers' compensation claims could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition or result in negative publicity and/or significant reputational harm.
howmet may be affected by global climate change or by legal and regulatory responses to such change.
increased concern over climate change has led to new and proposed legislative and regulatory initiatives, such as cap-and-trade systems, additional limits on emissions of greenhouse gases, and corporate average fuel economy ("cafe") standards in the united states. new or revised laws and regulations in this area could directly and indirectly affect howmet and its customers and suppliers, including by increasing the costs of production or impacting demand for certain products, which could result in an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. additionally, howmet utilizes natural gas, electricity and other fuels to operate its facilities. significant increased energy costs, including as a result of new laws, such as carbon pricing or product energy efficiency requirements, could be passed along to the company and its customers and suppliers. compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by the company or its customers or suppliers.
physical risks associated with climate change may result in an increase of the exposure to, and impact of, events with damage due to flooding, extreme winds and extreme precipitation for howmet locations, suppliers or customers. prolonged periods of drought may result in wildfires, which may have an adverse effect on production capacity of howmet sites, suppliers and customers. these types of incidents could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
with respect to the various transaction agreements that the company entered into with arconic corporation and with alcoa corporation in connection with its separation transactions, if the counterparties fail to meet their obligations under such agreements or if we are required to pay under certain indemnification obligations, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
in connection with the arconic inc. separation transaction and the alcoa inc. separation transaction, we entered into various agreements with arconic corporation and alcoa corporation, respectively, including separation and distribution agreements, tax matters agreements, employee matters agreements, intellectual property license agreements, and metal supply agreements. we rely on arconic corporation and alcoa corporation to satisfy their performance and payment obligations under these agreements. if either arconic corporation or alcoa corporation is unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations under its applicable agreements, we could incur operational difficulties and/or material losses.
pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, dated as of october 31, 2016, and certain other agreements between us and alcoa corporation, alcoa corporation agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities, and we agreed to indemnify alcoa corporation for certain liabilities. pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, dated as of march 31, 2020, and certain other agreements between us and arconic corporation, arconic corporation agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities, and we agreed to indemnify arconic corporation for certain liabilities. indemnities that we may be required to provide alcoa corporation and arconic corporation are not subject to any cap, may be significant and could negatively impact our business. third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that alcoa corporation or arconic corporation, as applicable, agreed to retain. any amounts we are required to pay pursuant to these indemnification obligations and other liabilities could require us to divert cash that would otherwise have been used in furtherance of the company's operations. further, alcoa corporation or arconic corporation, as applicable, may not be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from alcoa corporation or arconic corporation, as applicable, any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear such losses. each of these risks could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the arconic inc. separation transaction could result in substantial tax liability.
it was a condition to the distribution of all outstanding shares of arconic corporation common stock to the company's stockholders (the "distribution of arconic"), which effected the arconic inc. separation transaction, that we receive an opinion of our outside counsel, satisfactory to our board of directors, regarding the qualification of the distribution, together with certain related transactions, as a "reorganization" within the meaning of sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"). this condition was satisfied prior to the distribution of arconic. however, the opinion of counsel was based upon and relied on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings by us and arconic corporation, including those relating to the past and future conduct by us and arconic corporation. if any of these facts, assumptions, representations, statements or undertakings is, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, or if we or arconic corporation breach any of our representations or covenants contained in the separation agreement and certain other agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the opinion of counsel, the opinion of counsel may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized.
notwithstanding our receipt of the opinion of counsel, the internal revenue service (the "irs") could determine that the distribution of arconic and/or certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions for u.s. federal income tax purposes if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or undertakings upon which the opinion of counsel was based are false or have been violated. in addition, the opinion of counsel represents the judgment of such counsel and is not binding on the irs or any court, and the irs or a court may disagree with the conclusions in the opinion of counsel. accordingly, notwithstanding receipt of the opinion of counsel, there can be no assurance that: (i) the irs will not assert that the distribution of arconic and/or certain related transactions do not qualify for tax-free treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes; or (ii) a court would not sustain such a challenge. in the event the irs were to prevail with such challenge, we, our stockholders and arconic corporation, could be subject to significant u.s. federal income tax liability.
if the distribution of arconic fails to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code, in general, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, we would recognize taxable gain as if we had sold the arconic corporation common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and our stockholders who received such arconic corporation shares in the distribution of arconic would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares.
under current u.s. federal income tax law, even if the distribution of arconic, together with certain related transactions, otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code, the distribution of arconic may nevertheless be rendered taxable to us as a result of certain post-distribution transactions, including certain acquisitions of shares or assets of ours or arconic corporation. under the tax matters agreement entered into between us and arconic corporation in connection with the arconic inc. separation transaction, arconic corporation may be required to indemnify us for any taxes resulting from the arconic inc. separation transaction (and any related costs and other damages) to the extent such amounts resulted from (i) an acquisition of all or a portion of the equity securities or assets of arconic corporation, whether by merger or otherwise (and regardless of whether we participated in or otherwise facilitated the acquisition), (ii) other actions or failures to act by arconic corporation, or (iii) any of arconic corporation's representations, covenants or undertakings contained in the separation agreement and certain other agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the opinion of counsel being incorrect or violated. however, the indemnity from arconic corporation may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such additional taxes or related liabilities, and arconic corporation may not be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from arconic corporation any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear such losses. in addition, we and our subsidiaries may incur certain tax costs in connection with the arconic inc. separation transaction, including non-u.s. tax costs resulting from transactions (including the internal reorganization) in non-u.s. jurisdictions, which may be material. each of these risks could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
general risks anti-takeover provisions could prevent or delay a change in control of howmet, including a takeover attempt by a third party and limit the power of howmet's shareholders.
howmet's certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain, and delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with howmet's board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. for example, howmet is subject to section 203 of the delaware general corporation law, which imposes certain restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between the company and any holder of 15% or more of the company's outstanding common stock, which could make it more difficult for another party to acquire howmet. additionally, the company's certificate of incorporation authorizes howmet's board of directors to issue preferred stock or adopt other anti-takeover measures without stockholder approval. these provisions may apply even if an offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that howmet's board of directors determines is not in the best interests of howmet's shareholders. these provisions may also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of howmet common stock or prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
(dollars in millions, except share and per-share amounts)
the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition. the md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in part ii, item 8 (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
overview our business howmet is a global leader in lightweight metals engineering and manufacturing. howmet's innovative, multi-material products, which include nickel, titanium, aluminum, and cobalt, are used worldwide in the aerospace (commercial and defense), commercial transportation, and industrial and other markets.
howmet is a global company operating in 20 countries. based upon the country where the point of shipment occurred, the united states and europe generated 68% and 22%, respectively, of howmet's sales in 2021. in addition, howmet has operating activities in numerous countries and regions outside the united states and europe, including canada, mexico, china and japan. governmental policies, laws and regulations, and other economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, affect the results of operations in countries with such activities.
management review of 2021 and outlook in 2021, sales decreased 5% over 2020 primarily as a result of lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace market driven by the impact of covid-19 and boeing 787 production declines, and lower sales volumes in the defense aerospace market, partially offset by growth in the commercial transportation and industrial gas turbine markets as well as favorable product pricing of $97. price increases are in excess of material and inflationary pass through to our customers.
segment operating profit increased 6% from 2020 due to favorable sales volumes in the commercial transportation and industrial gas turbine markets, cost reductions, and favorable product pricing, partially offset by lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace market driven by the impact of covid-19 and boeing 787 production declines and lower sales volumes in the defense aerospace market.
effective october 14, 2021, john c. plant assumed the position of sole chief executive officer and continued in his role as executive chairman of the board of directors. tolga oal, the company's prior co-chief executive officer, departed the company and also stepped down from the board, each effective as of october 14, 2021. the company has aligned its operations consistent with how the chief executive officer assesses operating performance and allocates capital, which remain unchanged since the arconic inc. separation transaction (see note c to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
management continued its focus on liquidity and cash flows as well as improving its operating performance through cost reductions, streamlined organizational structures, margin enhancement, and profitable revenue generation. management has also continued its intensified focus on capital efficiency. management's focus and the related results enabled howmet to end 2021 with a solid financial position.
the following financial information reflects certain key highlights of howmet's 2021 results:
•sales of $4,972, a decrease of 5% from 2020, with significant reductions in sales in commercial aerospace driven by covid-19 and boeing 787 production declines;
•net income from continuing operations of $258, or $0.59 per diluted share;
•income from continuing operations before income taxes of $324, an increase of $153, or 89%, from 2020;
•total segment operating profit of $939, an increase of $49, or 6%, from 2020(1);
•cash provided from operations of $449; cash used for financing activities of $1,444; and cash provided from investing activities of $107;
•purchased approximately 13 million shares of common stock under the share repurchase programs for approximately $430;
•cash on hand and restricted cash at the end of the year of $722;
•total debt of $4,232, a decrease of $843 from 2020, reflecting redemptions or repurchases, as applicable, of $361, $476, $600, and $100 of the 5.400% notes due 2021 (the "5.400% notes"), the 5.870% notes due 2022 (the "5.870% notes"), the 6.875% notes due 2025 (the "6.875% notes"), and the 5.125% notes due 2024 (the "5.125% notes"), respectively, during 2021, partially offset by issuance of $700 of the 3.000% notes due 2029 during 2021; and
•the company's common stock had a closing price of $31.38 per share at december 31, 2021, an increase of $18.63 per share, or 141%, since the arconic inc. separation transaction on april 1, 2020, compared to an increase of 93% and 51% for the s&p 500® index and s&p aerospace & defense index, respectively, over the same period.
(1) see below in results of operations for the reconciliation of total segment operating profit to income from continuing operations before income taxes.
in 2022, management projects sales to increase as we expect robust growth in most of the company's key markets, and the company's strong position in those markets is expected to continue. the company expects higher metal costs to also contribute to increased sales in 2022. earnings per share is expected to grow as management continues to focus on operational performance. cash provided from operations is expected to increase for the full year in 2022 compared with 2021, resulting from a continued focus on operating performance and on capital efficiency. capital expenditures are expected to be less than depreciation and amortization.
results of operations earnings summary sales. sales for 2021 were $4,972 compared with $5,259 in 2020, a decrease of $287, or 5%. the decrease was primarily due to lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace market driven by the impact of covid-19 and boeing 787 production declines and lower sales volumes in the defense aerospace market, partially offset by growth in the commercial transportation and industrial gas turbine markets as well as favorable product pricing of $97. price increases are in excess of material and inflationary pass through to our customers.
sales for 2020 were $5,259 compared with $7,098 in 2019, a decrease of $1,839, or 26%. the decrease was primarily a result of lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace and commercial transportation markets driven by the impacts of covid-19 and boeing 737 max ("737 max") and boeing 787 production declines along with a decrease in sales of $116 due to the divestiture of the forgings business in the u.k. in december 2019, all partially offset by growth in the defense aerospace and industrial gas turbine markets and favorable product pricing.
cost of goods sold ("cogs"). cogs as a percentage of sales was 72.3% in 2021 compared with 73.7% in 2020. the decrease was primarily due to structural cost reductions and favorable product pricing. in 2019, the company sustained a fire at a fastening systems plant in france ("france plant fire"). additionally, a fire occurred at a forged wheels plant in barberton, ohio in mid-february 2020 ("barberton plant fire"). the company submitted insurance claims related to these plant fires and received partial settlements of $32 in 2021 compared to $39 in 2020, which were in excess of the insurance deductible. in 2021, the company recorded charges of $28 related to plant fires compared to $41 in 2020. the downtime in 2021 and 2020 reduced production levels and affected productivity at the plants. the company anticipates additional charges related to these plant fires of approximately $5 to $15 in 2022.
cogs as a percentage of sales was 73.7% in 2020 compared with 73.5% in 2019. the increase was primarily due to the impact of covid-19 and lower sales volumes, partially offset by net cost savings, favorable product pricing, intentional product exits, and the impairment of energy business assets of $10 in the second quarter of 2019. the company submitted insurance claims related to the france plant fire and the barberton plant fire, and received partial settlements of $39 in 2020 compared to $25 in 2019, which were in excess of the insurance deductible. in 2020, the company recorded charges of $41 related to the plant fires compared to $26 in 2019. the downtime reduced production levels and affected productivity at the plants.
selling, general administrative, and other expenses ("sg&a"). sg&a expenses were $251, or 5.0% of sales, in 2021 compared with $277, or 5.3% of sales, in 2020. the decrease in sg&a of $26, or 9%, was primarily due to overhead cost reductions in 2021 and costs incurred in 2020 associated with the arconic inc. separation transaction.
sg&a expenses were $277, or 5.3% of sales, in 2020 compared with $400, or 5.6% of sales, in 2019. the decrease in sg&a of $123, or 31%, was primarily due to overhead cost reductions and lower net legal and other advisory costs related to grenfell tower of $20, partially offset by higher costs associated with the arconic inc. separation transaction through june 30, 2020 of $2.
research and development expenses ("r&d"). r&d expenses were $17 in both 2021 and 2020.
r&d expenses were $17 in 2020 compared with $28 in 2019. the decrease of $11, or 39%, was primarily due to the consolidation of the company's primary r&d facility in conjunction with ongoing cost reduction efforts.
provision for depreciation and amortization ("d&a"). the provision for d&a was $270 in 2021 compared with $279 in 2020. the decrease of $9, or 3%, was primarily driven by lower corporate software amortization and research center depreciation as well as $1 of d&a related to the barberton plant fire in 2021 compared to $6 in 2020.
the provision for d&a was $279 in 2020 compared with $295 in 2019. the decrease of $16, or 5%, was primarily driven by asset impairments of the disks long-lived asset group during the second quarter of 2019 (see note o and note p to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k) and the impact of divestitures, as well as lower corporate software amortization and research center depreciation, which were partially offset by increased forged wheels d&a due to the capacity expansion in hungary, capacity expansions at two u.s. facilities and an additional $6 of d&a related to the barberton plant fire.
restructuring and other charges. restructuring and other charges were $90 in 2021 compared with $182 in 2020 and $582 in 2019.
restructuring and other charges in 2021 consisted primarily of a $75 charge for u.k. and u.s. pension plans' settlement accounting, a $15 charge for accelerated depreciation primarily related to the closure of small u.s. manufacturing facilities in engine products and fastening systems, a $7 charge for layoff costs, a $4 charge for impairment of assets associated with an agreement to sell a small manufacturing business in france, and a $4 charge for various other exit costs. these charges were partially offset by a gain of $12 on the sale of assets at a small u.s. manufacturing facility in fastening systems and a benefit of $3 related to the reversal of a number of layoff reserves related to prior periods. the company has closed some small manufacturing facilities and may in the future close additional small facilities in order to consolidate operations, reduce fixed costs, and exit less profitable businesses.
restructuring and other charges in 2020 consisted primarily of a $113 charge for layoff costs, a $74 charge for u.k. and u.s. pension plans' settlement accounting, a $5 post-closing adjustment related to the sale of the company's u.k. forgings business, a $5 charge for impairment of assets associated with an agreement to sell an aerospace components business in the u.k, which ultimately did not occur and the business was returned to held for use, a $5 charge related to the impairment of a cost method investment, which were partially offset by a benefit of $21 related to the reversal of a number of prior period programs.
restructuring and other charges in 2019 consisted primarily of a $428 charge for impairment of the disks long-lived asset group, a $69 charge for layoff costs, a $46 charge for impairment of assets associated with an agreement to sell the u.k. forgings business, a $14 charge for impairment of properties, plants, and equipment related to the company's primary research and development facility, a $13 loss on sale of assets primarily related to a small additive business, a $12 charge for other exit costs from lease terminations primarily related to the exit of the corporate aircraft, a $9 settlement accounting charge for u.s. pension plans, a $5 charge for impairment of a cost method investment, and a $7 charge for other exit costs, which were partially offset by a benefit of $16 related to the elimination of the life insurance benefit for u.s. salaried and non-bargaining hourly retirees of the company and its subsidiaries.
see note e to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
interest expense, net. interest expense, net was $259 in 2021 compared with $317 in 2020. the decrease of $58, or 18%, was primarily due to a reduced average level of debt for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. on an annual basis, the debt activity in 2021 will decrease interest expense, net by approximately $70.
interest expense, net was $317 in 2020 compared with $338 in 2019. the decrease of $21, or 6%, was primarily due to a reduced average level of debt for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019.
see note r to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
loss on debt redemption. debt redemption or tender premiums include the cost to redeem or repurchase certain of the company's notes at a price which may be equal to the greater of the principal amount or the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments, discounted using a defined treasury rate plus a spread, or a price based on the market price of its notes. loss on debt redemption was $146 in 2021 compared with $64 in 2020. the increase of $82, or 128%, was primarily due to debt premiums paid in 2021 on the 6.875% notes in 2021, partially offset by debt redemption or tender premiums, as applicable, paid in 2020 on the 6.150% notes due 2020 (the "6.150% notes") and the 5.400% notes.
loss on debt redemption was $64 in 2020 compared with none in 2019. the increase of $64 was primarily due to debt redemption or tender premiums paid, as applicable, on the 6.150% notes, the 5.400% notes, and the 5.870% notes in 2020.
see note r to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
other expense, net. other expense, net was $19 in 2021 compared with $74 in 2020. the decrease in expense of $55 was primarily driven by the write-off of an indemnification receivable of $53 related to a spanish tax reserve, reflecting alcoa corporation's 49% share and arconic corporation's 33.66% share, that occurred in 2020 and did not occur in 2021 and lower non-service related net periodic benefit costs related to defined benefit plans in 2021 of $17, which were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency movements of $13. non-service related net periodic benefit costs related to defined benefit plans declined approximately 65% from 2020 to 2021.
other expense, net was $74 in 2020 compared with $31 in 2019. the increase in expense of $43 was primarily driven by the write-off of an indemnification receivable of $53 related to a spanish tax reserve, reflecting alcoa corporation's 49% share and arconic corporation's 33.66% share, and lower interest income of $19, which were partially offset by lower deferred compensation expense of $14 and favorable foreign currency movements of $16.
income taxes. howmet's effective tax rate was 20.4% (provision on pre-tax income) in 2021 compared with the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21%. the effective rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory rate primarily as a result of a $32 benefit from the recognition of income tax credits related to development incentives in hungary, and a $9 benefit related to updated u.s. regulatory guidance concerning the utilization of foreign tax credits in connection with the one-time transition tax on the deemed repatriation of previously non-taxed post-1986 earnings and profits of certain foreign subsidiaries enacted as part of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "2017 act"), partially offset by $9 of charges from the decision to no longer permanently reinvest earnings in certain foreign subsidiaries, $7 of charges from distributions of foreign earnings, $8 of charges to establish a valuation allowance on certain net operating losses in switzerland, $6 of charges related to u.s. tax on foreign income, and other impacts related to nondeductible expenses including foreign losses with no tax benefit. howmet anticipates that the effective tax rate in 2022 will be between 24.5% and 25.5%.
howmet's effective tax rate was 23.4% (benefit on pre-tax income) in 2020 compared with the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21%. the effective rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory rate primarily as a result of a $64 benefit related to the release of an income tax reserve following a favorable spanish tax case decision, a $30 benefit related to the recognition of a previously uncertain u.s. tax position, and a $30 benefit for a u.s. tax law change related to the issuance of final regulations that provide for an exclusion of certain high-taxed foreign earnings from the calculation of global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti"), partially offset by u.s. tax on foreign earnings, $8 of charges related to the remeasurement of deferred tax balances as a result of the arconic inc. separation transaction, the tax impact of $49 of nondeductible loss related to the reversal of indemnification receivables associated with the favorable spanish tax case decision, and the tax impact of other nondeductible expenses.
howmet's effective tax rate was 40.0% (provision on pre-tax income) in 2019 compared with the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21%. the effective rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory rate primarily as a result of foreign income taxed in higher rate jurisdictions and subject to u.s. taxes including gilti, foreign losses with no tax benefit, and other nondeductible expenses, partially offset by a $24 benefit associated with the deduction of foreign taxes that were previously claimed as a u.s. foreign tax credit, and a $12 benefit for a foreign tax rate change.
net income from continuing operations. net income from continuing operations was $258, or $0.59 per diluted share, for 2021 compared to $211, or $0.48 per diluted share, in 2020. the increase in results of $47, or 22%, was primarily due to cost reductions, a decrease of $92 in restructuring and other charges, and a decrease of $58 in interest expense, net, partially offset by lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace and defense aerospace market, an increase in the provision for income taxes, and an increase in the loss on debt redemption of $82.
net income from continuing operations was $211, or $0.48 per diluted share, for 2020 compared to $126, or $0.27 per diluted share, in 2019. the increase in results of $85, or 67%, was primarily due to the non-recurring 2019 impact of the $428 charge for impairment of the disks long-lived asset group included in restructuring and other charges, a decrease of $123 due to lower sg&a costs, favorable product pricing, and a net $10 related to the settlement of the spanish corporate income tax audit, partially offset by a decrease in sales volumes in the commercial aerospace and commercial transportation markets, the impact of covid-19, and an increase in premiums paid on the early redemption of debt of $59.
net income. net income was $258 for 2021, all of which was composed of $258 of income from continuing operations, or $0.59 per diluted share.
net income was $261 for 2020, composed of $211 of income from continuing operations and $50 from discontinued operations, or $0.48 and $0.11 per diluted share, respectively.
net income was $470 for 2019, composed of $126 of income from continuing operations and $344 from discontinued operations, or $0.27 and $0.76 per diluted share, respectively.
see details of discontinued operations in note c to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
segment information the company's operations consist of four worldwide reportable segments: engine products, fastening systems, engineered structures and forged wheels. segment performance under howmet's management reporting system is evaluated based on a number of factors; however, the primary measure of performance is segment operating profit. howmet's definition of segment operating profit is operating income excluding special items. special items include restructuring and other charges and impairment of goodwill. segment operating profit may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. differences between the total segment and consolidated totals are in corporate. the company has aligned its operations consistent with how the chief executive officer assesses operating performance and allocates capital, which remain unchanged since the arconic inc. separation transaction (see note c to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for reference).
the company produces aerospace engine parts and components and aerospace fastening systems for 737 max airplanes. in late december 2019, boeing announced a temporary suspension of the production of 737 max airplanes. this decline in production had a negative impact on sales and segment operating profit in the engine products, fastening systems and engineered structures segments in 2020 and the first half of 2021. while regulatory authorities in the united states and certain other jurisdictions lifted grounding orders beginning in late 2020, our sales remained at lower levels through the first half of 2021 due to the residual impacts of the 737 max grounding.
the company also produces aerospace engine parts and components and aerospace fastening systems for boeing 787 airplanes. in 2020 and 2021, boeing reduced production rates of the 787 airplanes. boeing paused deliveries of its 787 aircraft in may 2021. the significant decline in boeing 787 production rates had a negative impact on sales and segment operating profit in the engine products, fastening systems, and engineered structures segments in 2021. we expect reduced production rates to continue to have a negative impact on our sales and segment operating profit into 2022.
income from continuing operations before income taxes totaled $324 in 2021, $171 in 2020, and $210 in 2019. segment operating profit for all reportable segments totaled $939 in 2021, $890 in 2020, and $1,390 in 2019. see below for the reconciliation of income from continuing operations before income taxes to total segment operating profit.
the following information provides sales and segment operating profit for each reportable segment for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2021.
engine products
2021                                                             2020                    2019
third-party sales                   $2,282                  $2,406                  $3,320
segment operating profit               440                     417                     621
engine products produces investment castings, including airfoils, and seamless rolled rings primarily for aircraft engines (aerospace commercial and defense) and industrial gas turbines. engine products produces rotating parts as well as structural parts, which are sold directly to customers. generally, the sales and costs and expenses of this segment are transacted in the local currency of the respective operations, which are mostly the u.s. dollar, british pound, euro, and japanese yen.
third-party sales for the engine products segment decreased $124, or 5%, in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace market driven by the impact of covid-19 and boeing 787 production declines and lower sales volumes in the defense aerospace market, partially offset by higher sales volumes in the industrial gas turbine market.
third-party sales for the engine products segment decreased $914, or 28%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace market driven by the impact of covid-19 and the suspension of 737 max production, along with a decrease in sales of $116 from the divestiture of the forgings business in the u.k. in december 2019 (see note u to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k), partially offset by higher sales volumes in the defense aerospace and industrial gas turbine markets as well as favorable product pricing.
segment operating profit for the engine products segment increased $23, or 6%, in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to cost reductions and favorable product pricing, partially offset by lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace market driven by the impact of covid-19 and boeing 787 production declines, and lower sales volumes in the defense aerospace market. the segment added approximately 950 headcount since the first quarter of 2021 in anticipation of revenue increases into 2022.
segment operating profit for the engine products segment decreased $204, or 33%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower commercial aerospace sales volumes from the suspension of 737 max production and covid-19 productivity impacts, partially offset by cost reductions, favorable product pricing, and favorable sales volumes in the defense aerospace and industrial gas turbine markets.
on december 1, 2019, the company completed the divestiture of its forgings business in the u.k. the forgings business primarily produced steel, titanium, and nickel based forged components for aerospace, mining, and off-highway markets. this business generated third-party sales of $116 in 2019 and had 540 employees at the time of the divestiture.
in 2022, as compared to 2021, demand in the commercial aerospace and industrial gas turbine markets is expected to increase.
fastening systems
2021                                                             2020                    2019
third-party sales                   $1,044                  $1,245                  $1,561
segment operating profit               190                     247                     396
fastening systems produces aerospace fastening systems, as well as commercial transportation fasteners. the business's high-tech, multi-material fastening systems are found nose to tail on aircraft and aero engines. the business's products are also critical components of automobiles, commercial transportation vehicles, and construction and industrial equipment. fastening systems are sold directly to customers and through distributors. generally, the sales and costs and expenses of this segment are transacted in the local currency of the respective operations, which are mostly the u.s. dollar, british pound, and euro.
third-party sales for the fastening systems segment decreased $201, or 16%, in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace market, driven by the impact of covid-19 and boeing 787 production declines, partially offset by higher sales volumes in the commercial transportation and industrial markets.
third-party sales for the fastening systems segment decreased $316, or 20%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace market, driven by the impact of covid-19 and the suspension of 737 max production, as well as lower sales volumes in the commercial transportation market which was also impacted by the effects of covid-19, partially offset by sales volume growth in the industrial market and favorable product pricing.
segment operating profit for the fastening systems segment decreased $57, or 23%, in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace market, driven by the impact of covid-19 and boeing 787 production declines, partially offset by cost reductions and favorable sales volumes in the commercial transportation and industrial markets.
segment operating profit for the fastening systems segment decreased $149, or 38%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower commercial aerospace and commercial transportation sales volumes and covid-19 productivity impacts, partially offset by cost reductions and favorable product pricing.
in 2022, as compared to 2021, demand in the commercial aerospace and commercial transportation markets is expected to increase.
engineered structures
2021                                                         2020                    2019
third-party sales                   $725                  $927                  $1,255
segment operating profit              54                    73                     120
engineered structures produces titanium ingots and mill products for aerospace and defense applications and is vertically integrated to produce titanium forgings, extrusions forming and machining services for airframe, wing, aero-engine, and landing gear components. engineered structures also produces aluminum forgings, nickel forgings, and aluminum machined components, and assemblies for aerospace and defense applications. the segment's products are sold directly to customers and through distributors, and sales and costs and expenses of this segment are generally transacted in the local currency of the respective operations, which are mostly the u.s. dollar and british pound.
third-party sales for the engineered structures segment decreased $202, or 22%, in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace market, driven by the impact of covid-19 and boeing 787 production declines, and lower sales volumes in the defense aerospace market, including lower f-35 program volumes.
third-party sales for the engineered structures segment decreased $328, or 26%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace market, driven by covid-19 and boeing 787 production declines and the 737 max production suspension, partially offset by an increase in defense aerospace sales volumes and favorable product pricing.
segment operating profit for the engineered structures segment decreased $19, or 26%, in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to lower sales volumes in the commercial aerospace market, driven by the impact of covid-19 and boeing 787 production declines, and lower sales volumes in the defense aerospace market, including lower f-35 program volumes, partially offset by cost reductions.
segment operating profit for the engineered structures segment decreased $47, or 39%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower commercial aerospace sales volumes and covid-19 productivity impacts, partially offset by cost reductions and favorable product pricing.
in 2022, as compared to 2021, demand in the commercial aerospace market is expected to increase. however, demand in the defense aerospace market is expected to be down.
forged wheels
2021                                                         2020                  2019
third-party sales                   $921                  $679                  $969
segment operating profit             255                   153                   253
forged wheels produces forged aluminum wheels and related products for heavy-duty trucks, trailers, and buses globally. forged wheels' products are sold directly to oems and through distributors. generally, the sales and costs and expenses of this segment are transacted in the local currency of the respective operations, which are mostly the u.s. dollar and euro.
third-party sales for the forged wheels segment increased $242, or 36%, in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to higher sales volumes in the commercial transportation market and higher metal prices.
third-party sales for the forged wheels segment decreased $290, or 30%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower sales volumes in the commercial transportation market driven by covid-19 and production downtime related to the barberton plant fire (discussed below).
segment operating profit for the forged wheels segment increased $102, or 67%, in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to higher commercial transportation sales volumes, fixed cost reductions, and maximizing production in low-cost countries.
segment operating profit for the forged wheels segment decreased $100, or 40%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower commercial transportation sales volumes and covid-19 productivity impacts, partially offset by cost reductions.
in mid-february 2020, a fire occurred at the company's forged wheels plant located in barberton, ohio. the downtime reduced production levels and affected productivity at the plant. the company has insurance with a deductible of $10.
in 2022, as compared to 2021, demand in the commercial transportation markets served by forged wheels is expected to increase in most regions. an increase in metal costs is expected to contribute to an increase in sales as the company generally passes through metal costs. however, sales in the forged wheels segment could be negatively impacted by customer supply chain constraints.
reconciliation of total segment operating profit to income from continuing operations before income taxes
2021                                                                                    2020                    2019
income from continuing operations before income taxes          $324                  $171                    $210
loss on debt redemption                                         146                    64                       -
interest expense, net                                           259                   317                     338
other expense, net                                               19                    74                      31
consolidated operating income                                  $748                  $626                    $579
unallocated amounts:
restructuring and other charges                                  90                   182                     582
corporate expense                                               101                    82                     229
total segment operating profit                                 $939                  $890                  $1,390
total segment operating profit is a non-gaap financial measure. management believes that this measure is meaningful to investors because management reviews the operating results of the segments of the company excluding corporate results.
see restructuring and other charges, loss on debt redemption, interest expense, net and other expense, net, discussions above under "results of operations" for reference.
corporate expense increased $19, or 23%, in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to costs associated with closures, shutdowns, and other items of $32 and legal and other advisory reimbursements received in 2020 that did not recur in 2021 aggregating to $8, partially offset by lower net costs related to the barberton plant fire and the france plant fire of $6 and lower costs driven by overhead cost reductions, as well as costs incurred in 2020 associated with the arconic inc. separation transaction of $7 that did not recur in 2021.
corporate expense decreased $147, or 64%, in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower annual incentive compensation accruals and executive compensation costs, lower costs driven by overhead cost reductions, lower contract services and outsourcing costs; lower research and development expenses; and lower net legal and other advisory costs along with costs incurred in 2019 that did not recur in 2020, including the impacts of facility fires, net of insurance of $6, and collective bargaining agreement negotiation costs of $9. costs associated with the arconic inc. separation transaction of $7 were an increase of $2 compared to 2019.
environmental matters see the environmental matters section of note v to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources howmet maintains a disciplined approach to cash management and the strengthening of its balance sheet. management continued to focus on actions to improve howmet's cost structure and liquidity, providing the company with the ability to operate effectively. such actions included procurement efficiencies and overhead rationalization to reduce costs, working capital initiatives, and maintaining a sustainable level of capital expenditures.
cash provided from operations and financing activities is expected to be adequate to cover howmet's operational and business needs over the next 12 months. for an analysis of long-term liquidity, see "contractual obligations" and "off-balance sheet arrangements" below.
at december 31, 2021, cash and cash equivalents of howmet were $720, of which $199 was held by howmet's non-u.s. subsidiaries. if the cash held by non-u.s. subsidiaries were to be repatriated to the u.s., the company does not expect there to be additional material income tax consequences.
the cash flows related to arconic corporation have not been segregated and are included in the statement of consolidated cash flows for all periods prior to the arconic inc. separation transaction.
operating activities cash provided from operations in 2021 was $449 compared with $9 in 2020 and $461 in 2019.
the increase in cash provided from operations of $440, or 4,889%, between 2021 and 2020 was due to lower working capital of $357, lower pension contributions of $161, and lower noncurrent liabilities of $12, partially offset by lower operating results of $38 and the write-off of an indemnification receivable of $53 related to a spanish tax reserve that occurred in 2020 and did not occur in 2021. the components of the change in working capital included favorable changes in accounts payable of $525, accrued expenses of $71, and prepaid expenses and other current assets of $13, offset by taxes, including income taxes of $139, receivables of $99 including employee retention credit receivables, and inventories of $14.
the decrease in cash provided from operations of $452, or 98%, between 2020 and 2019 was primarily due to lower operating results of $874, partially offset by lower working capital of $355, lower noncurrent assets of $46, lower noncurrent liabilities of $10, and lower pension contributions of $11. the components of the change in working capital included favorable changes in receivables of $739, taxes, including income taxes of $100, and inventories of $77, offset by accounts payable of $380, accrued expenses of $175 and prepaid expenses and other current assets of $6.
financing activities cash used for financing activities was $1,444 in 2021 compared with $369 in 2020 and $1,568 in 2019.
the use of cash in 2021 was primarily related to the repayments on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of long-term debt of approximately $1,537, repurchase of common stock of $430, premiums paid on the redemption of debt of $138, dividends paid to shareholders of $19, and debt issuance costs of $11. these items were partially offset by long-term debt issuance of $700 and proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of $22. on an annual basis, the debt activity in 2021 will decrease interest expense, net by approximately $70.
the use of cash in 2020 was primarily related to the repayments on borrowings under certain revolving credit facilities (see below) and repayments on debt, primarily the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 6.150% notes due 2020 of approximately $2,040, cash distributed to arconic corporation at the arconic inc. separation transaction of $500, repurchase of common stock of $73, debt issuance costs of $61, premiums paid on the redemption of debt of $59, and dividends paid to shareholders of $11. these items were partially offset by long-term debt issuance of $2,400 (of which $1,200 went with arconic corporation at the arconic inc. separation transaction) and proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of $33.
the use of cash in 2019 was primarily related to the repurchase of $1,150 of common stock, repayments on borrowings under certain revolving credit facilities (see below) and repayments on debt, primarily the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 1.63% convertible notes of approximately $403, and dividends paid to shareholders of $57. these items were partially offset by proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of $56.
the company has an effective shelf registration statement on form s-3, filed with the sec, which allows for offerings of debt securities from time to time. the company may opportunistically issue new debt securities under such registration statement or otherwise in accordance with securities laws, including but not limited to in order to refinance existing indebtedness.
for further details regarding the company's debt and stock repurchases, see note r and note j, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
the company maintains a credit facility pursuant to its five-year revolving credit agreement (the "credit agreement") with a syndicate of lenders and issuers named therein. in addition, the company had other credit facilities that terminated in 2020. see note r to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
the company may in the future repurchase additional portions of its debt or equity securities from time to time, in either the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable sec and other legal requirements. the timing, prices, and sizes of purchases depend upon prevailing trading prices, general economic and market conditions, and other factors, including applicable securities laws. such purchases may be completed by means of trading plans established from time to time in accordance with rule 10b5-1 under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, block trades, private transactions, open market repurchases, tender offers, and/or accelerated share repurchase agreements or other derivative transactions.
the company's costs of borrowing and ability to access the capital markets are affected not only by market conditions but also by the short- and long-term debt ratings assigned to the company by the major credit rating agencies.
the company's credit ratings from the three major credit rating agencies are as follows:
issuer rating        outlook        date of last update s&amp;p ratings service                      bb+                  stable         december 3, 2021
moody's investors service ("moody's")        ba2                  stable         august 18, 2021
fitch investors service ("fitch")            bbb-                 stable         august 18, 2021
on december 3, 2021, s&p affirmed howmet's long-term debt rating at bb+ and upgraded the current outlook from negative to stable, citing the company's good margins, positive free cash flow, and an anticipated recovery in aircraft demand.
on august 18, 2021, moody's affirmed the following ratings for howmet: long-term debt at ba2 and the current outlook as stable.
on august 18, 2021, fitch also affirmed the following ratings for howmet: long-term debt at bbb- and the current outlook as stable.
investing activities cash provided from investing activities was $107 in 2021 compared with $271 in 2020 and $528 in 2019.
the source of cash in 2021 was primarily cash receipts from sold receivables of $267 and proceeds from the sale of a small manufacturing plant in france of $8 and the sale of assets at a small u.s. manufacturing facility in fastening systems of $23, partially offset by capital expenditures of $199 primarily related to capacity expansion investments in hungary and mexico in forged wheels and various automation projects. as a result of accounts receivables securitization program changes in 2021, there will be no additional activity related to cash receipts from sold receivables within investing activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows in future periods. the net cash funding from the sale of accounts receivable was neither a use of cash nor a source of cash during 2021.
the source of cash in 2020 was primarily cash receipts from sold receivables of $422 and proceeds from the sale of a rolling mill business in itapissuma, brazil of $50 and a hard alloy extrusions plant in south korea of $62, both of which were related to arconic corporation (see note c and note u to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k), partially offset by capital expenditures of $267.
the source of cash in 2019 was primarily cash receipts from sold receivables of $995, proceeds from the sale of assets and businesses of $103, primarily from the sale of a forgings business in the u.k. for $64 and the sale of inventories and properties, plants, and equipment related to a small energy business for $13, as well as contingent consideration of $20 related to the sale of the texarkana, texas rolling mill (which was related to arconic corporation) (see note c and note u to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k), and the sale of fixed income securities of $73, partially offset by capital expenditures of $641, including expansion of a wheels plant in hungary, expansion of aerospace airfoils capacity in the united states, and transition of the tennessee plant to industrial production (which related to arconic corporation).
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements contractual obligations howmet is required to make future payments under various contracts, including long-term purchase obligations, financing arrangements, and lease agreements. howmet also has commitments to fund its pension plans, provide payments for other postretirement benefit plans, and fund capital projects.
in order to better understand howmet's outstanding contractual obligations, the table below represents a summary of these commitments as of december 31, 2021 (these contractual obligations are grouped in the same manner as they are classified in the statement of consolidated cash flows in order to provide a better understanding of the nature of the obligations and to provide a basis for comparison to historical information):
total                  2022                  2023-2024                  2025-2026                 thereafter operating activities:
raw material purchase obligations                       $393                   $218                    $173                         $2                         $-
other purchase obligations                                13                     11                       2                          -                          -
operating leases                                         134                     38                      47                         22                         27
interest related to total debt                         1,637                    225                     455                        275                        682
estimated minimum required pension funding               134                     44                      50                         40                          -
other postretirement benefit payments                    111                     12                      24                         22                         53
layoff and other restructuring payments                   19                     19                       -                          -                          -
uncertain tax positions                                    2                      -                       -                          -                          2
financing activities:
total debt                                             4,255                      5                   1,150                        600                      2,500
investing activities:
capital projects                                         135                    106                      29                          -                          -
totals                                                $6,833                   $678                  $1,930                       $961                     $3,264
obligations for operating activities raw material purchase obligations consist mostly of aluminum, cobalt, nickel, and various other metals with expiration dates ranging from less than one year to five years. many of these purchase obligations contain variable pricing components, and, as a result, actual cash payments may differ from the estimates provided in the preceding table. the company generally passes through metal costs in customer contracts with limited exceptions. as a result, the company expects higher metal costs to contribute to increased sales in 2022. in connection with the arconic inc. separation transaction, the company entered into several agreements with arconic corporation that govern the relationship between the company and arconic corporation following the separation, including raw material supply agreements.
operating leases represent multi-year obligations for certain land and buildings, plant equipment, vehicles, and computer equipment.
interest related to total debt is based on interest rates in effect as of december 31, 2021 and is calculated on debt with maturities that extend to 2042.
estimated minimum required pension funding and other postretirement benefit payments are based on actuarial estimates using current assumptions for discount rates, long-term rate of return on plan assets, and health care cost trend rates, among others. it is howmet's policy to fund amounts for pension plans sufficient to meet the minimum requirements set forth in the benefits laws and tax laws of the applicable country. periodically, howmet contributes additional amounts as deemed appropriate. howmet has determined that it is not practicable to present pension funding and other postretirement benefit payments beyond 2026 and 2031, respectively.
layoff and other restructuring payments to be paid within one year primarily relate to severance costs.
uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on an income tax return may result in additional payments to tax authorities. the amount in the preceding table includes interest and penalties accrued related to such positions as of december 31, 2021. the total amount of uncertain tax positions is included in the "thereafter" column as the company is not able to reasonably estimate the timing of potential future payments. if a tax authority agrees with the tax position taken or expected to be taken or the applicable statute of limitations expires, then additional payments will not be necessary.
obligations for financing activities howmet has historically paid quarterly dividends on its preferred and common stock. the company paid an aggregate of $19 in common stock and preferred stock dividends to shareholders during 2021. because all dividends are subject to approval by howmet's board of directors, amounts are not included in the preceding table unless such authorization has occurred. as of december 31, 2021, there were 421,691,912 shares of outstanding common stock and 546,024 shares of outstanding class a preferred stock. in 2021, the preferred stock dividend was $3.75 per share. a dividend of $0.04 per share on the company's common stock was paid in 2021 ($0.02 per share in each of the third and fourth quarters of 2021). fully diluted shares outstanding as of december 31, 2021 were 427,526,370.
obligations for investing activities capital projects in the preceding table only include amounts approved by management as of december 31, 2021. funding levels may vary in future years based on anticipated construction schedules of the projects. it is expected that significant expansion projects will be funded through various sources, including cash provided from operations. total capital expenditures are anticipated to be approximately 4% of sales in 2022.
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2021, the company had outstanding bank guarantees related to tax matters, outstanding debt, workers' compensation, environmental obligations, energy contracts, and customs duties, among others. the total amount committed under these guarantees, which expire at various dates between 2022 and 2040, was $15 at december 31, 2021.
pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, dated as of october 31, 2016, between howmet and alcoa corporation, howmet was required to provide certain guarantees for alcoa corporation, which had a combined fair value of $6 and $12 at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were included in other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits in the consolidated balance sheet. the remaining guarantee, for which the company and arconic corporation are secondarily liable in the event of a payment default by alcoa corporation, relates to a long-term energy supply agreement that expires in 2047 at an alcoa corporation facility. the company currently views the risk of an alcoa corporation payment default on its obligations under the contract to be remote. the company and arconic corporation are required to provide a guarantee up to an estimated present value amount of approximately $1,406 and $1,398 at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in the event of an alcoa corporation payment default. in december 2021 and 2020, a surety bond with a limit of $80 relating to this guarantee was obtained by alcoa corporation to protect howmet's obligation. this surety bond is expected to be renewed on an annual basis by alcoa corporation.
howmet has outstanding letters of credit primarily related to workers' compensation, environmental obligations, and leasing obligations. the total amount committed under these letters of credit, which automatically renew or expire at various dates, mostly in 2022, was $119 at december 31, 2021.
pursuant to the separation and distribution agreements between the company and arconic corporation and between the company and alcoa corporation, the company is required to retain letters of credit of $53 (which are included in the $119 in the above paragraph) that had previously been provided related to the company, arconic corporation, and alcoa corporation workers' compensation claims that occurred prior to the respective separation transactions of april 1, 2020 and november 1, 2016. arconic corporation and alcoa corporation workers' compensation and letter of credit fees paid by the company are proportionally billed to, and are reimbursed by, arconic corporation and alcoa corporation, respectively. also, the company was required to provide letters of credit for certain arconic corporation environmental obligations and, as a result, the company has $17 of outstanding letters of credit relating to such liabilities (which are included in the $119 in the above paragraph). less than $1 of these outstanding letters of credit are pending cancellation and will be deemed cancelled once returned by the beneficiary. arconic corporation has issued surety bonds to cover these environmental obligations. arconic corporation is being billed for these letter of credit fees paid by the company and will reimburse the company for any payments made under these letters of credit.
howmet has outstanding surety bonds primarily related to tax matters, contract performance, workers' compensation, environmental-related matters, and customs duties. the total amount committed under these annual surety bonds, which expire and automatically renew at various dates, primarily in 2022 and 2023, was $47 at december 31, 2021.
pursuant to the separation and distribution agreements between the company and arconic corporation and between the company and alcoa corporation, the company is required to provide surety bonds of $25 (which are included in the $47 in the above paragraph) that had previously been provided related to the company, arconic corporation and alcoa corporation workers' compensation claims paid that occurred prior to the respective separation transactions of april 1, 2020 and november 1, 2016. arconic corporation and alcoa corporation workers' compensation claims and surety bond fees paid by the company are proportionally billed to, and are reimbursed by arconic corporation and alcoa corporation.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make certain judgments, estimates, and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and disclosed in the accompanying notes. these estimates are based on historical experience and, in some cases, assumptions based on current and future market experience, including considerations relating to the impact of covid-19. the impact of covid-19 is rapidly changing and of unknown duration and macroeconomic impact and as a result, these considerations remain highly uncertain. areas that require significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions include the testing of goodwill, other intangible assets, and properties, plants, and equipment for impairment; estimating fair value of businesses acquired or divested; pension plans and other postretirement benefits obligations; stock-based compensation; and income taxes.
management uses historical experience and all available information to make these judgments, estimates, and assumptions, and actual results may differ from those used to prepare the company's consolidated financial statements at any given time. despite these inherent limitations, management believes that management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes provide a meaningful and fair perspective of the company.
a summary of the company's significant accounting policies is included in note a to the consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k. management believes that the application of these policies on a consistent basis enables the company to provide the users of the consolidated financial statements with useful and reliable information about the company's operating results and financial condition.
goodwill. howmet reviews goodwill for impairment annually (in the fourth quarter) or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist or if a decision is made to sell or realign a business. the company has the option to assess impairment through qualitative assessment, which includes factors such as general economic conditions, negative developments in equity and credit markets, adverse changes in the markets in which an entity operates, increases in input costs that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows, or a trend of negative or declining cash flows over multiple periods, among others. howmet can also assess goodwill impairment through a quantitative analysis, using a discounted cash flow ("dcf") model to estimate a reporting unit's fair value. assumptions and estimates utilized in the dcf model include weighted average cost of capital ("wacc") rates, revenue, future profitability, working capital, cash flows and a number of other items. for more information on these matters, see note a to the consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
properties, plants, and equipment and other intangible assets. properties, plants, and equipment and other intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets (asset group) may not be recoverable. recoverability of assets is determined by comparing the estimated undiscounted net cash flows of the operations related to the assets (asset group) to their carrying amount. an impairment loss would be recognized when the carrying amount of the assets (asset group) exceeds the estimated undiscounted net cash flows. the amount of the impairment loss to be recorded is measured as the excess of the carrying value of the assets (asset group) over their fair value, with fair value determined using the best information available, which generally is a dcf model. the determination of what constitutes an asset group, the associated estimated undiscounted net cash flows, and the estimated useful lives of the assets also require significant judgments.
during the second quarter of 2019, the company updated its five-year strategic plan and determined that there was a decline in the forecasted financial performance for the disks asset group within the engine products and forgings segment at that time.  as such, the company evaluated the recoverability of the disks asset group long-lived assets by comparing the carrying value to the undiscounted cash flows of the disks asset group. the carrying value exceeded the undiscounted cash flows and therefore the disks asset group long-lived assets were deemed to be impaired. the impairment charge was measured as the amount of carrying value in excess of fair value of the long-lived assets, with fair value determined using a dcf model and a combination of sales comparison and cost approach valuation methods, including an estimate for economic obsolescence. the impairment charge of $428, of which $247 and $181 related to the engine products and engineered structures segments, respectively, which was recorded in the second quarter of 2019, impacted properties, plants, and equipment; intangible assets; and certain other noncurrent assets by $198, $197, and $33, respectively. the impairment charge was recorded in restructuring and other charges in the statement of consolidated operations.
discontinued operations and assets held for sale. the fair values of all businesses to be divested are estimated using accepted valuation techniques such as a dcf model, valuations performed by third parties, earnings multiples, or indicative bids, when available. a number of significant estimates and assumptions are involved in the application of these techniques, including the forecasting of markets and market share, sales volumes and prices, costs and expenses, and multiple other factors. management considers historical experience and all available information at the time the estimates are made; however, the fair value that is ultimately realized upon the divestiture of a business may differ from the estimated fair value reflected in the consolidated financial statements.
pension and other postretirement benefits. liabilities and expenses for pension and other postretirement benefits are determined using actuarial methodologies and incorporate significant assumptions, including the interest rate used to discount the future estimated liability, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and several assumptions relating to the employee workforce (health care cost trend rates, retirement age, and mortality). the pension and other postretirement benefits obligation was $2,461 and $2,928, with a funded status of $(930) and $(1,204) at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the total benefit obligation reduction of $467 was primarily driven by the purchases of annuity contracts and changes in discount rate. the improvement in the funded status of $274 was primarily driven by the purchase of annuity contracts, changes in discount rates, and actual asset returns in excess of expected asset returns. excluding settlements and curtailments, net periodic benefit cost of pension and other postretirement benefits is expected to be approximately $20 in 2022 compared to $16 and $35 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. net periodic benefit costs decreased by $19, or 54%, in 2021 compared to 2020 as a result of actual asset returns in excess of expected asset returns, changes in discount rates, and changes in plan administration of prescription drug benefits.
employer contributions for pension benefits were $96 and $227 for the year ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. benefits paid for other postretirement benefits were $17 for both years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020. total pension contributions and other postretirement benefits paid decreased by $131, or 54%, in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily driven by the arconic inc. separation transaction. cash contributions in 2022 are expected to be $44 and represent estimated minimum required pension funding. howmet's funded status under erisa was approximately 76% as of january 1, 2021.
the interest rate used to discount future estimated liabilities for the u.s. is determined using a company-specific yield curve model (above-median) developed with the assistance of an external actuary, while both the u.k. and canada utilize models developed by the respective actuary. the cash flows of the plans' projected benefit obligations are discounted using a single equivalent rate derived from yields on high quality corporate bonds, which represent a broad diversification of issuers in various sectors, including finance and banking, industrials, transportation, and utilities, among others. the yield curve models parallel the plans' projected cash flows, which have a global average duration of 11 years. the underlying cash flows of the bonds included in the models exceed the cash flows needed to satisfy the company's plans' obligations multiple times. in 2021, 2020, and 2019, the discount rate used to determine benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit plans was 2.70%, 2.40%, and 3.00%, respectively. the impact on the liabilities of a change in the discount rate of 1/4 of 1% would be approximately $70 and either a charge or credit of less than $1 to earnings in the following year.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is generally applied to a five-year market-related value of plan assets (a fair value at the plan measurement date is used for certain non-u.s. plans). the process used by management to develop this assumption is one that relies on a combination of historical asset return information and forward-looking returns by asset class. as it relates to historical asset return information, management focuses on various historical moving averages when developing this assumption. while consideration is given to recent performance and historical returns, the assumption represents a long-term, prospective return. management also incorporates expected future returns on current and planned asset allocations using information from various external investment managers and consultants, as well as management's own judgment.
for 2021, 2020, and 2019, management used 6.20%, 6.00%, and 5.60%, respectively, as its expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, which was based on the prevailing and planned strategic asset allocations, as well as estimates of future returns by asset class. these rates were within the respective range of the 20-year moving average of actual performance and the expected future return developed by asset class. in the current year, the actual rate of return on plan assets was 7.2%. the increase in expected long-term rate of return of plan assets compared to prior years is due to an increased portion of plan assets within u.s. plans and corresponding asset allocations. for 2022, management anticipates that the expected long-term rate of return for the plan assets will be approximately 6.00%. a change in the assumption for the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 1/4 of 1% would impact earnings by approximately $3 for 2022.
in 2021, net income of $181 (after-tax) was recorded in other comprehensive loss, primarily due to the increase in the discount rate, plan asset performance that was greater than expected, and amortization of actuarial losses. in 2020, a net loss of $46 (after-tax) was recorded in other comprehensive loss, primarily due to the decrease in the discount rate, partially offset by plan asset performance that was greater than expected, and by amortization of actuarial losses. after adjusting for the impact of arconic corporation's obligation, the net pension and other postretirement benefit obligation decreased less than 2% during 2020. in 2019, a net loss of $388 (after-tax) was recorded in other comprehensive loss, primarily due to the decrease in the discount rate, which was partially offset by plan asset performance that was greater than expected, and by the amortization of actuarial losses.
stock-based compensation. howmet recognizes compensation expense for employee equity grants using the non-substantive vesting period approach, in which the expense is recognized ratably over the requisite service period based on the grant date fair value. forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. the fair value of new stock options is estimated on the date of grant using a lattice-pricing model. the fair value of performance awards containing a market condition is valued using a monte carlo valuation model. determining the fair value at the grant date requires judgment, including estimates for the average risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, volatility, and exercise behavior. these assumptions may differ significantly between grant dates because of changes in the actual results of these inputs that occur over time.
compensation expense recorded in 2021, 2020, and 2019 was $40 ($36 after-tax), $46 ($42 after-tax), and $69 ($63 after-tax), respectively.
income taxes. the provision (benefit) for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. under this approach, the provision (benefit) for income taxes represents income taxes paid or payable (or received or receivable) based on current year pre-tax income plus the change in deferred taxes during the year. deferred taxes represent the future tax consequences expected to occur when the reported amounts of assets and liabilities are recovered or paid, and result from differences between the financial and tax bases of howmet's assets and liabilities and are adjusted for changes in tax rates and tax laws when enacted.
valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. in evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, management considers all potential sources of taxable income, including income available in carry-back periods, future reversals of taxable temporary differences, projections of taxable income, and income from tax planning strategies, as well as all available positive and negative evidence. positive evidence includes factors such as a history of profitable operations, projections of future profitability within the carryforward period, including from tax planning strategies, and howmet's experience with similar operations. existing favorable contracts and the ability to sell products into established markets are additional positive evidence. negative evidence includes items such as cumulative losses, projections of future losses, or carryforward periods that are not long enough to allow for the utilization of a deferred tax asset based on existing projections of income. deferred tax assets for which no valuation allowance is recorded may not be realized upon changes in facts and circumstances, resulting in a future charge to establish a valuation allowance. existing valuation allowances are re-examined under the same standards of positive and negative evidence. if it is determined that it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be realized, the appropriate amount of the valuation allowance, if any, is released. deferred tax assets and liabilities are also re-measured to reflect changes in underlying tax rates due to law changes and the granting and lapse of tax holidays.
it is howmet's policy to apply a tax law ordering approach when considering the need for a valuation allowance on net operating losses expected to offset gilti inclusions. under this approach, reductions in cash tax savings are not considered as part of the valuation allowance assessment. instead, future gilti inclusions are considered a source of taxable income that support the realizability of deferred tax assets.
it is howmet's policy to treat taxes due from future inclusions in u.s. taxable income related to gilti as a current period expense when incurred.
tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return are recorded when such benefits meet a more likely than not threshold. otherwise, these tax benefits are recorded when a tax position has been effectively settled, which means that the statute of limitations has expired or the appropriate taxing authority has completed their examination even though the statute of limitations remains open. interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized as part of the provision for income taxes and are accrued beginning in the period that such interest and penalties would be applicable under relevant tax law until such time that the related tax benefits are recognized.
litigation and contingent liabilities. from time to time, we are involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations, and proceedings. these matters may include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. management determines the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome based on many factors, such as the nature of the matter, available defenses and case strategy, progress of the matter, views and opinions of legal counsel and other advisors, applicability and success of appeals processes, and the outcome of similar historical matters, among others. if an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable and the amount of the potential loss can be estimated, the most reasonable loss estimate is recorded. if an unfavorable outcome of a matter is deemed probable but the loss is not reasonably estimable, or if an unfavorable outcome is deemed reasonably possible, then the matter is disclosed but no liability is recorded. legal matters are reviewed on a continuous basis to determine if there has been a change in management's judgment regarding the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome or the estimate of a potential loss.
recently adopted accounting guidance.
see the recently adopted accounting guidance section of note b to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
recently issued accounting guidance.
see the recently issued accounting guidance section of note b to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 (financial statements and supplementary data) of this form 10-k.
