item 1a. risk factors.
our business and the businesses of our subsidiaries face many risks and uncertainties. these risks and uncertainties could lead to events or circumstances that have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition or equity and/or the business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or equity of one or more of our subsidiaries. we have described below the material risks facing us and our subsidiaries. there may be additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we do not currently perceive to be material that may also materially adversely impact our business or the businesses of our subsidiaries.
you should carefully consider and evaluate all of the information included in this report and any subsequent reports we may file with the sec and the information we make available to the public before investing in any securities issued by us. our subsidiaries, cna financial corporation and boardwalk pipeline partners, lp, also file reports with the sec. you are also cautioned to carefully review and consider the information contained in the reports filed by those subsidiaries with the sec and the information they make available to the public before investing in any of their securities.
risks related to us and our subsidiary, cna if cna determines that its recorded insurance reserves are insufficient to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, cna may need to increase its insurance reserves which would result in a charge to cna's earnings.
cna maintains insurance reserves to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, including the estimated cost of the claims adjudication process, for reported and unreported claims. insurance reserves are not an exact calculation of liability but instead are complex management estimates developed utilizing a variety of actuarial reserve estimation techniques as of a given reporting date. the reserve estimation process involves a high degree of judgment and variability and is subject to a number of factors which are highly uncertain. these variables can be affected by both changes in internal processes and external events. key variables include frequency of claims, claim severity, mortality, morbidity, discount rates, economic, social and medical inflation, claim handling policies and procedures, case reserving approach, underwriting and pricing policies, changes in the legal and regulatory environment and the lag time between the occurrence of an insured event and the time of its ultimate settlement. mortality is the relative incidence of death. morbidity is the frequency and severity of injury, illness, sickness and diseases contracted.
there is generally a higher degree of variability in estimating required reserves for long-tail coverages, such as workers' compensation, general liability and professional liability, as they require a relatively longer period of time for claims to be reported and settled. the impact of changes in economic and social inflation, and medical costs are also more pronounced for long-tail coverages due to the longer settlement period. certain risks and uncertainties associated with cna's insurance reserves are outlined in the insurance reserves and critical accounting estimates sections of md&a in item 7.
cna is subject to the uncertain effects of emerging or potential claims and coverage issues that arise as industry practices and legal, judicial, social, economic and other environmental conditions change. further, the impact of social inflation continues to be significant, and the trajectory of its future impact remains uncertain. these issues, as well as social inflation, have had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition by either extending coverage beyond the original underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims, resulting in further increases in cna's reserves. the effects of unforeseen emerging claim and coverage issues are extremely difficult to predict and may be material.
in light of the many uncertainties associated with establishing the estimates and making the judgments necessary to establish reserve levels, cna continually reviews and changes its reserve estimates in a regular and ongoing process as experience develops from the actual reporting and settlement of claims and as the legal, regulatory and economic environment evolves. if cna's recorded reserves are insufficient for any reason, the required increase in reserves would be recorded as a charge against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. these charges could be substantial.
cna's actual experience could vary from the key assumptions used to determine active life reserves for long term care policies.
cna's active life reserves for long term care policies are based on cna's best estimate assumptions as of september 30, 2020, due to a reserve unlocking at that date. key assumptions include morbidity, persistency (the percentage of policies remaining in force), discount rate and future premium rate increases.
estimating future experience for long term care policies is highly uncertain, because the adequacy of the reserves is contingent upon actual experience and cna's future expectations related to these key assumptions. if actual or expected future experience differs from these assumptions, the reserves may not be adequate, requiring cna to add reserves. the required increase in reserves would be recorded as a charge against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. these charges could be substantial. see the life & group policyholder reserves portion of the insurance reserves section of md&a in item 7 for more information.
morbidity and persistency experience, inclusive of mortality, can be volatile and may be negatively affected by many factors including, but not limited to, policyholder behavior, judicial decisions regarding policy terms, socioeconomic factors, cost of care inflation, changes in health trends and advances in medical care.
a prolonged period during which investment returns remain at levels lower than those anticipated in cna's reserving discount rate assumptions could result in shortfalls in investment income on assets supporting cna's obligations under long term care policies, which may require increases to its reserves. this risk is more significant for cna's long term care products because the long potential duration of the policy obligations exceeds the duration of the supporting investment assets. further, changes to the internal revenue code may also affect the rate at which cna discounts its reserves. in addition, cna may not receive regulatory approval for the level of premium rate increases it requests. any adverse deviation between the level of future premium rate increases approved and the level included in cna's reserving assumptions may require an increase to its reserves.
cna is vulnerable to material losses from natural and man-made disasters.
catastrophe losses are an inevitable part of cna's business. various events can cause catastrophe losses. these events can be natural or man-made, and may include hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, fires, floods, riots, strikes, civil unrest, cyber-attacks, pandemics and acts of terrorism. the frequency and severity of these catastrophe events are inherently unpredictable. in addition, longer-term natural catastrophe trends may be changing and new types of catastrophe losses may be developing due to climate change, a phenomenon that has been associated with extreme weather events linked to rising temperatures, and includes effects on global weather patterns, greenhouse gases, sea, land and air temperatures, sea levels, rain, hail and snow.
the extent of cna's losses from catastrophes is a function of the total amount of its insured exposures in the affected areas, the frequency and severity of the events themselves, the level of reinsurance coverage, reinsurance reinstatement premiums and state residual market assessments, if any. it can take a long time for the ultimate cost of any catastrophe losses to cna to be finally determined, as a multitude of factors contribute to such costs, including evaluation of general liability and pollution exposures, infrastructure disruption, business interruption and reinsurance collectibility. further, significant catastrophic events or a series of catastrophic events have the potential to impose financial stress on the reinsurance industry, which could impact cna's ability to collect amounts owed to cna by reinsurers, thereby resulting in higher net incurred losses.
reinsurance coverage for terrorism events is provided only in limited circumstances, especially in regard to "unconventional" terrorism acts, such as nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks. cna's principal reinsurance protection against these large-scale terrorist attacks is the coverage currently provided through the terrorism risk insurance program reauthorization act of 2019 ("tripra") through december 31, 2027. however, such coverage is subject to a mandatory deductible and other limitations. it is also possible that future legislation could change or eliminate the program, which could adversely affect cna's business by increasing its exposure to terrorism losses, or by lowering its business volume through efforts to avoid that exposure. for a further discussion of tripra, see part ii, item 7, md&a - catastrophes and related reinsurance.
as a result of the items discussed above, catastrophe losses are particularly difficult to estimate, could cause cna to exhaust its available reinsurance limits and could adversely affect the cost and availability of reinsurance. accordingly, catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
the covid-19 pandemic and measures to mitigate the spread of the virus have resulted in increased claims and related litigation risk across cna's enterprise, which may continue to have adverse impacts on its business, results of operations and financial condition and could be material.
cna has experienced, and may continue to experience, increased claim submissions and litigation related to denial of claims based on policy coverage, or the facts of the claim, in certain lines of business that are implicated by the pandemic and mitigating actions taken by its customers and governmental authorities in response to its spread. these lines include primarily healthcare professional liability, workers' compensation, commercial property-related business interruption coverage, management liability (directors and officers, employment practices, and professional liability lines) and trade credit. cna recorded significant losses during 2020, the majority of which are classified as incurred but not reported ("ibnr") reserves, in these areas and may experience continued losses, which could be material.
increased frequency or severity in any or all of the foregoing lines, or others where the exposure has yet to emerge, may have a material impact on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna has incurred and may continue to incur substantial expenses related to litigation activity in connection with covid-related legal claims. these actions primarily relate to denial of claims submitted as a result of the pandemic and the mitigating actions under commercial property policies for business interruption coverage, including lockdowns and closing of certain businesses. the significance of such litigation, both in substance and volume, and the resultant activities cna has initiated, including external counsel engagement, and the costs related thereto, may have a material impact on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna has exposure related to a&ep claims, which could result in material losses.
cna's property and casualty insurance subsidiaries have exposures related to a&ep claims. cna's experience has been that establishing claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for casualty coverages relating to a&ep claims is subject to uncertainties that are greater than those presented by other claims. additionally, traditional actuarial methods and techniques employed to estimate the ultimate cost of claims for more traditional property and casualty exposures are less precise in estimating claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for a&ep. as a result, estimating the ultimate cost of both reported and unreported a&ep claims is subject to a higher degree of variability.
on august 31, 2010, cna completed a retroactive reinsurance transaction under which substantially all of its legacy a&ep liabilities were ceded to national indemnity company ("nico"), a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway inc., subject to an aggregate limit of $4.0 billion ("loss portfolio transfer" or "lpt"). the cumulative amount ceded under the loss portfolio transfer as of december 31, 2021 is $3.4 billion. if the other parties to the loss portfolio transfer do not fully perform their obligations, net losses incurred on a&ep claims covered by the loss portfolio transfer exceed the aggregate limit of $4.0 billion or cna determines it has exposures to a&ep claims not covered by the loss portfolio transfer, cna may need to increase its recorded net reserves which would result in a charge against earnings. these charges could be substantial. additionally, if the a&ep claims exceed the limit of the loss portfolio transfer, cna will need to assess whether to purchase additional limit or to reassume claim handling responsibility for a&ep claims from an affiliate of nico. any additional reinsurance premium or future claim handling costs would also reduce cna's earnings.
cna is exposed to, and may face adverse developments related to, mass tort claims that could arise from its insureds' sale or use of potentially harmful products or substances, changes to the social and legal environment, issues related to altered interpretation of coverage and other new and emerging claim theories.
cna faces potential exposure to various types of new and emerging mass tort claims including, those related to exposure to potentially harmful products or substances such as glyphosate, lead paint and opioids; claims arising from changes that expand the right to sue, remove limitations on recovery, extend the statutes of limitations or otherwise repeal or weaken tort reforms, such as those related to abuse reviver statutes, including new york reviver statutes; and claims related to new and emerging theories of liability, such as those related to global warming and climate change. evolving judicial interpretations and new legislation regarding the application of various tort theories and defenses, including application of various theories of joint and several liability, as well as the application of insurance coverage to these claims, give rise to new claimant activity. emerging mass tort claim activity, including activity based on such changing judicial interpretations and recent and proposed legislation could have a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna faces intense competition in its industry; it may be adversely affected by the cyclical nature of the property and casualty business and the evolving landscape of its distribution network.
all aspects of the insurance industry are highly competitive and cna must continuously allocate resources to refine and improve its insurance products and services to remain competitive. cna competes with a large number of stock and mutual insurance companies and other entities, some of which may be larger or have greater financial or other resources than cna does, for both distributors and customers. this includes agents, brokers and managing general underwriters who may increasingly compete with cna to the extent that they continue to have direct access to providers of capital seeking exposure to insurance risk. insurers compete on the basis of many factors, including products, price, services, ratings and financial strength. the competitor landscape has evolved substantially in recent years, with significant consolidation and new market entrants, such as insuretech firms, resulting in increased pressures on cna's ability to remain competitive, particularly in obtaining pricing that is both attractive to cna's customer base and risk appropriate to cna.
in addition, the property and casualty market is cyclical and has experienced periods characterized by relatively high levels of price competition, resulting in less restrictive underwriting standards and relatively low premium rates, followed by periods of relatively lower levels of competition, more selective underwriting standards and relatively high premium rates. during periods in which price competition is high, cna may lose business to competitors offering competitive insurance products at lower prices. as a result, cna's premium levels and expense ratio could be materially adversely impacted.
cna markets its insurance products worldwide primarily through independent insurance agents, insurance brokers and managing general underwriters who also promote and distribute the products of cna's competitors. any change in cna's relationships with its distribution network agents, brokers or managing general underwriters, including as a result of consolidation and their increased promotion and distribution of cna's competitors' products, could adversely affect cna's ability to sell its products. as a result, cna's business volume and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted.
cna's underwriting strategies currently rely on the effectiveness of reinsurance arrangements and cna accordingly faces risks relating to reinsurance, including obtaining reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, reinsurance counterparty risk and ineffective reinsurance coverage.
a primary reason cna purchases reinsurance is to manage its exposure to risk, thereby facilitating its underwriting strategies in certain key areas. under cna's ceded reinsurance arrangements, a reinsurer assumes a specified portion of its exposure in exchange for a specified portion of policy premiums. market conditions determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection cna purchases, which affects the volatility of its business and profitability, as well as the level and types of risk cna retains. if cna is unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, cna's risk exposure will not be mitigated or it may forego such increased risk, thereby adversely impacting its underwriting strategies. in addition, use of reinsurance exposes cna to credit risk of the reinsurers, as the reinsurance arrangements do not relieve it of the liability to the customer. if a reinsurer is unable to meet its financial obligations under a reinsurance arrangement, cna will remain obligated under the original policies issued to its customers. furthermore, while cna uses various risk management methods, including the use of reinsurance, to effectively manage risk, there is the possibility that one or more natural catastrophes and/or terrorism or other events could result in claims substantially exceeding expectations, thereby making the reinsurance strategy significantly less effective. such reinsurance-related risks could have a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition and adversely affect its underwriting strategies in certain lines of business.
cna may be adversely affected by technological changes or disruptions in the insurance marketplace.
technological changes in the way insurance transactions are completed in the marketplace, and cna's ability to react effectively to such change, may present significant competitive risks. for example, more insurers are utilizing "big data" analytics to make underwriting and other decisions that impact product design and pricing. if such utilization is more effective than how cna uses similar data and information, cna will be at a competitive disadvantage. there can be no assurance that cna will continue to compete effectively with its industry peers due to technological changes; accordingly this may have a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, agents and brokers, technology companies or other third parties may create alternate distribution channels for commercial business that may adversely impact product differentiation and pricing. for example, they may create a digitally enabled distribution channel that may adversely impact cna's competitive position. cna's efforts or the efforts of agents and brokers with respect to new products or alternate distribution channels, as well as changes in the way agents and brokers utilize greater levels of data and technology, could adversely impact cna's business relationships with independent agents and brokers who currently market its products, resulting in a lower volume and/or profitability of business generated from these sources.
cna may incur significant realized and unrealized investment losses and volatility in net investment income arising from changes in the financial markets.
cna's investment portfolio is exposed to various risks, such as interest rate, credit spread, issuer default, equity prices and foreign currency, which are unpredictable. financial markets are highly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, monetary policies, tax policies, domestic and international geopolitical issues and many other factors. changes in financial markets including fluctuations in interest rates, credit, equity prices and foreign currency prices, and many other factors beyond cna's control can adversely affect the value of its investments, the realization of investment income and the rate at which it discounts certain liabilities. cna's investment portfolio is also subject to increased valuation uncertainties when investment markets are illiquid. the valuation of investments is more subjective when markets are illiquid, thereby increasing the risk that the estimated fair value (i.e., the carrying amount) of the portion of cna's investment portfolio that is carried at fair value in the financial statements is not reflective of prices at which actual transactions could occur.
cna has significant holdings in fixed maturity investments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. a decline in interest rates may reduce the returns earned on new fixed maturity investments, thereby reducing cna's net investment income, while an increase in interest rates may reduce the value of its existing fixed maturity investments, which could reduce cna's net unrealized gains included in accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci"). the value of cna's fixed maturity investments is also subject to risk that certain investments may default or become impaired due to deterioration in the financial condition of issuers of the investments cna holds or in the underlying collateral of the security.
in addition, cna invests a portion of its assets in limited partnerships and common stock which are subject to greater market volatility than its fixed maturity investments. limited partnership investments generally provide a lower level of liquidity than fixed maturity or equity investments, which may also limit cna's ability to withdraw funds from these investments. the timing and amount of income or losses on such investments is inherently variable and can contribute to volatility in reported earnings.
further, cna holds a portfolio of commercial mortgage loans. cna is subject to risk related to the recoverability of loan balances, which is influenced by declines in the estimated cash flows from underlying property leases, fair value of collateral, refinancing risk and the creditworthiness of tenants of the underlying properties, where lease payments directly service the loan. any changes in actual or expected collections would result in a charge to earnings.
as a result of these factors, cna may not earn an adequate return on its investments, may be required to write down the value of its investments and may incur losses on the disposition of its investments, all of which could materially adversely affect cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna uses analytical models to assist its decision making in key areas such as pricing, reserving, catastrophe risks and capital modeling and may be adversely affected if actual results differ materially from the model outputs and related analyses.
cna uses various modeling techniques and data analytics (e.g., scenarios, predictive, stochastic and/or forecasting) to analyze and estimate exposures, loss trends and other risks associated with its assets and liabilities. this includes both proprietary and third party modeled outputs and related analyses to assist cna in decision-making related to underwriting, pricing, capital allocation, reserving, investing, reinsurance and catastrophe risk, among other things. cna incorporates numerous assumptions and forecasts about the future level and variability of policyholder behavior, loss frequency and severity, interest rates, equity markets, inflation, capital requirements, and currency exchange rates, among others. the modeled outputs and related analyses from both proprietary models and third parties are subject to various assumptions, uncertainties, model design errors and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis. further, climate change may make modeled outcomes less certain or produce new, non-modeled risks.
in addition, the effectiveness of any model can be degraded by operational risks, including the improper use of the model, input errors, data errors and human error. as a result, actual results may differ materially from cna's modeled results. cna's profitability and financial condition substantially depends on the extent to which its actual experience is consistent with the assumptions cna uses in its models and ultimate model outputs. if, based upon these models or other factors, cna misprices its products or fails to appropriately estimate the risks it is exposed to, its business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
any significant interruption in the operation of cna's business functions, facilities and systems or its vendors' facilities and systems could result in a materially adverse effect on its operations.
cna's business is highly dependent upon its ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, through its employees or vendor relationships and using its and its vendor's facilities and systems, necessary business functions, such as internet support and 24-hour call centers, processing new and renewal business, providing customer service, processing and paying claims and other obligations and issuing financial statements.
cna's, or its vendors', facilities and systems could become unavailable, inoperable, or otherwise impaired from a variety of causes, including natural events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, severe winter weather and fires, or other events, such as explosions, terrorist attacks, computer security breaches or cyber attacks, riots, hazardous material releases, medical epidemics or pandemics, utility outages, interruptions of data processing and storage systems or unavailability of communications facilities. an interruption in cna's system availability occurred in march 2021 as a result of a cybersecurity attack sustained by cna. please refer to the immediately following risk factor for further information regarding this incident. likewise, cna could experience a significant failure, interruption or corruption of one or more of its vendors' information technology, telecommunications, or other systems for various reasons, including significant failures or interruptions that might occur as existing systems are replaced or upgraded. the shut-down or unavailability of one or more of cna's or its vendors' systems or facilities for these or any other reasons could significantly impair cna's ability to perform critical business functions in a timely basis.
in addition, because cna's information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, cna could experience service denials if demand for such service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. if sustained or repeated, such events could result in a deterioration of cna's ability to perform necessary business functions.
the foregoing risks could expose cna to monetary and reputational damages. potential exposures resulting from the march 2021 cybersecurity attack, described in the immediately following risk factor, as well as any future incidents may include substantially increased compliance costs, as well as increased costs relating to investments in computer system and security-related upgrades, with those costs potentially not recoverable under relevant insurance coverage. cna anticipates making continued investments to improve its security and infrastructure which are not recoverable under relevant insurance coverage. if cna's business continuity plans or system security do not sufficiently address these risks, they could have a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
any significant breach in cna's data security infrastructure or its vendors' facilities and systems could disrupt business, cause financial losses and damage its reputation, and insurance coverage may not be available for claims related to a breach.
a significant breach of cna's data security infrastructure may result from actions by its employees, vendors, third-party administrators, or unknown third parties or through cyber attacks. the risk of a breach can exist whether software services are in cna's data centers or are cloud-based software services. breaches have occurred, and may occur again, in cna's systems and in the systems of its vendors and third party administrators.
such a breach could affect cna's data framework or cause a failure to protect the personal information of its customers, claimants or employees, or sensitive and confidential information regarding its business and may result in operational impairments and financial losses, as well as significant harm to its reputation. the breach of confidential information also could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws, as well as evolving regulation in this regard. during the third quarter of 2021, cna was notified of a breach of certain systems of a third party administrator, which resulted in breach notifications sent by such administrator to potentially impacted persons, including a limited number of cna's claimants. while cna does not believe such notifications and resultant actions will have a material adverse effect on its business, this or similar incidents, or any other such breach of cna's or its vendors' data security infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna sustained a sophisticated cybersecurity attack in march 2021 involving ransomware that caused a network disruption and impacted certain of its systems. upon detection, cna undertook steps to address the incident, including engaging a team of third-party forensic experts and notifying law enforcement and key regulators. cna restored network systems and resumed normal operations. cna is continuing to assess all actions that it will take to improve its existing systems.
cna's investigation revealed that an unauthorized third party copied some personal information relating to certain current and former employees, contractor workers and their dependents and certain other persons, including some policyholders. in july 2021, cna provided notifications to the impacted individuals and to regulators, in accordance with applicable law. although cna currently has no indication that the impacted data has been misused, or that cna or its policyholder data was specifically targeted by the unauthorized third party, it may be subject to subsequent investigations, claims or actions in addition to other costs, fines, penalties, or other obligations related to impacted data, whether or not such data is misused. in addition, the misuse, or perceived misuse, of sensitive or confidential information regarding its business or policyholders could cause harm to cna's reputation and result in the loss of business with existing or potential customers, which could adversely impact its business, results of operations and financial condition.
although cna maintains cybersecurity insurance coverage insuring against costs resulting from cyber attacks (including the march 2021 attack), cna does not expect the amount available under its coverage policy to cover all losses. costs and expenses incurred and likely to be incurred by cna in connection with the march 2021 attack include both direct and indirect costs and are not all covered by its insurance coverage. in addition, potential disputes with its insurers about the availability of insurance coverage for claims relating to the march 2021 attack or any future incident could occur. further, as a result of the march 2021 attack, cna incurred higher costs for the replenishment of its current policy through the end of the term, and cna believes it will incur higher costs for future cybersecurity insurance coverage beyond the current term.
based on the information currently known, cna does not believe that the march 2021 cybersecurity attack will have a material impact on its business, results of operations or financial condition, but no assurances can be given as it continues to assess the full impact from the incident, including costs, expenses and insurance coverage. cna may also be subject to future incidents that could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations or financial condition or may result in operational impairments and financial losses, as well as significant harm to cna's reputation.
inability to detect and prevent significant employee or third party service provider misconduct, inadvertent errors and omissions, or exposure relating to functions performed on cna's behalf could result in a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna may incur losses which arise from employees or third party service providers engaging in intentional, negligent or inadvertent misconduct, fraud, errors and omissions, failure to comply with internal guidelines, including with respect to underwriting authority, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements. cna's or its third party service providers' controls may not be able to detect all possible circumstances of such non-compliant activity and the internal structures in place to prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. any losses relating to such non-compliant activity could adversely affect cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
portions of cna's insurance business are underwritten and serviced by third parties. with respect to underwriting, cna's contractual arrangements with third parties will typically grant them limited rights to write new and renewal policies, subject to contractual restrictions and obligations, including requiring them to underwrite within the terms of cna's licenses. should these third parties issue policies that exceed these contractual restrictions, cna could be deemed liable for such policies and subject to regulatory fines and penalties for any breach of licensing requirements. it is possible that in such circumstance cna might not be fully indemnified for such third parties' contractual breaches.
additionally, cna relies on certain third-party claims administrators, including the administrators of its long term care claims, to handle policyholder services and perform significant claim administration and claim adjudication functions. any failure by such administrator to properly perform service functions may result in losses as a result of over-payment of claims, legal claims against cna and adverse regulatory enforcement exposure.
cna has also licensed certain systems from third parties. cna cannot be certain that it will have access to these systems or that its information technology or application systems will continue to operate as intended.
these risks could adversely impact cna's reputation and client relationships and have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna is subject to capital adequacy requirements and, if it is unable to maintain or raise sufficient capital to meet these requirements, regulatory agencies may restrict or prohibit cna from operating its business.
insurance companies such as cna are subject to capital adequacy standards set by regulators to help identify companies that merit further regulatory attention. in the u.s., these standards apply specified risk factors to various asset, premium and reserve components of cna's legal entity statutory basis of accounting financial statements. current rules, including those promulgated by insurance regulators and specialized markets such as lloyd's, require companies to maintain statutory capital and surplus at a specified minimum level determined using the applicable jurisdiction's regulatory capital adequacy formula. if cna does not meet these minimum requirements, cna may be restricted or prohibited from operating its business in the applicable jurisdictions and specialized markets. if cna is required to record a material charge against earnings in connection with a change in estimated insurance reserves or the occurrence of a catastrophic event or if it incurs significant losses related to its investment portfolio, which severely deteriorates its capital position, cna may violate these minimum capital adequacy requirements unless it is able to raise sufficient additional capital. cna may be limited in its ability to raise significant amounts of capital on favorable terms or at all.
the iais has adopted a common framework for the supervision of internationally active insurance groups and continues to develop a group basis ics. the naic is also developing a group capital standard that is intended to be comparable to the ics. the development and adoption of these capital standards could increase cna's prescribed capital requirement, the level at which regulatory scrutiny intensifies, as well as significantly increase its cost of regulatory compliance.
cna's insurance subsidiaries, upon whom cna depends for dividends in order to fund its corporate obligations, are limited by insurance regulators in their ability to pay dividends.
cna is a holding company and is dependent upon dividends, loans and other sources of cash from its subsidiaries in order to meet its obligations. ordinary dividend payments or dividends that do not require prior approval by the insurance subsidiaries' domiciliary insurance regulator are generally limited to amounts determined by formulas that vary by jurisdiction. if cna is restricted from paying or receiving intercompany dividends, by regulatory rule or otherwise, cna may not be able to fund its corporate obligations and debt service requirements or pay stockholder dividends from available cash. as a result, cna would need to pursue other sources of capital which may be more expensive or may not be available at all.
rating agencies may downgrade their ratings of cna, adversely affecting its ability to write insurance at competitive rates or at all and increasing its cost of capital.
ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. cna's insurance company subsidiaries, as well as cna's public debt, are rated by rating agencies, including, a.m. best company ("a.m. best"), moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's"), s&p global ratings ("s&p") and fitch ratings, inc. ("fitch"). ratings reflect the rating agency's opinions of an insurance company's or insurance holding company's financial strength, capital adequacy, enterprise risk management practices, operating performance, strategic position and ability to meet its obligations to policyholders and debt holders, and may also reflect opinions on other areas such as information security and esg matters.
the rating agencies may take action to lower cna's ratings in the future as a result of any significant financial loss or changes in the methodology or criteria applied by the rating agencies. the severity of the impact on cna's business is dependent on the level of downgrade and, for certain products, which rating agency takes the rating action. among the adverse effects in the event of such downgrades would be the inability to obtain a material volume of business from certain major insurance brokers, the inability to sell a material volume of cna's insurance products to certain markets and the required collateralization of certain future payment obligations or reserves. further, if one or more of cna's corporate debt ratings were downgraded, cna may find it more difficult to access the capital markets and may incur higher borrowing costs.
in addition, it is possible that a significant lowering of our corporate debt ratings by certain of the rating agencies could result in an adverse effect on cna's ratings, independent of any change in cna's circumstances. for further discussion of cna's ratings, see the subsidiaries portion of the liquidity and capital resources section of md&a in item 7.
cna is subject to extensive existing state, local, federal and foreign governmental regulations that restrict its ability to do business and generate revenues; additional regulation or significant modification to existing regulations or failure to comply with regulatory requirements may have a materially adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the insurance industry is subject to comprehensive and detailed regulation and supervision. most insurance regulations are designed to protect the interests of cna's policyholders and third-party claimants rather than its investors. each jurisdiction in which cna does business has established supervisory agencies that regulate the manner in which cna conducts its business. any changes in regulation could impose significant burdens on cna. in addition, the lloyd's marketplace sets rules under which its members, including cna's hardy syndicate, operate.
these rules and regulations relate to, among other things, the standards of solvency (including risk-based capital measures), government-supported backstops for certain catastrophic events (including terrorism), investment restrictions, accounting and reporting methodology, establishment of reserves and potential assessments of funds to settle covered claims against impaired, insolvent or failed private or quasi-governmental insurers. in addition, rules and regulations have recently been introduced, or are being considered, in the areas of information security and esg, which may also affect cna's business.
regulatory powers also extend to premium rate regulations which require that rates not be excessive, inadequate or unfairly discriminatory. state jurisdictions ensure compliance with such regulations through market conduct exams, which may result in losses to the extent non-compliance is ascertained, either as a result of failure to document transactions properly or failure to comply with internal guidelines, or otherwise. cna may also be required by the jurisdictions in which it does business to provide coverage to persons who would not otherwise be considered eligible or restrict cna from withdrawing from unprofitable lines of business or unprofitable market areas. each jurisdiction dictates the types of insurance and the level of coverage that must be provided to such involuntary risks. cna's share of these involuntary risks is mandatory and generally a function of its respective share of the voluntary market by line of insurance in each jurisdiction.
risks related to us and our subsidiary, boardwalk pipelines boardwalk pipelines' natural gas transportation and storage operations are subject to extensive regulation by the ferc, including rules and regulations related to the rates it can charge for its services and its ability to construct or abandon facilities. boardwalk pipelines may not be able to recover the full cost of operating its pipelines, including earning a reasonable return.
boardwalk pipelines' natural gas transportation and storage operations are subject to extensive regulation by the ferc, including the types, rates and terms of services boardwalk pipelines may offer to its customers, construction of new facilities, creation, modification or abandonment of services or facilities and recordkeeping and relationships with affiliated companies. an adverse ferc action in any of these areas could affect boardwalk pipelines' ability to compete for business, construct new facilities, offer new services or recover the full cost of operating its pipelines. this regulatory oversight can result in longer lead times to develop and complete any future project than competitors that are not subject to the ferc's regulations. the ferc can also deny boardwalk pipelines the right to abandon certain facilities from service.
the ferc regulates the rates boardwalk pipelines can charge for its natural gas transportation and storage operations. for cost-based services, the ferc establishes both the maximum and minimum rates boardwalk pipelines can charge. the basic elements that the ferc considers are the costs of providing service, the volumes of gas being transported, the rate design, the allocation of costs between services, the capital structure and the rate of return a pipeline is permitted to earn. boardwalk pipelines may not be able to recover its costs, including certain costs associated with pipeline integrity, through existing or future rates.
the ferc and/or boardwalk pipelines' customers could challenge the maximum applicable rates that any of its regulated pipelines can charge in accordance with section 5 of the nga. adoption of potential legislation that would amend section 5 of the nga to add refund provisions could increase the likelihood of such a challenge. if such a challenge is successful for any of boardwalk pipelines' pipelines, the revenues associated with transportation and storage services the pipeline provides pursuant to cost-of-service rates could materially decrease in the future, which would adversely affect the revenues on that pipeline going forward.
boardwalk pipelines' operations, and those of boardwalk pipelines' customers, are subject to a series of risks regarding climate change.
the threat of climate change continues to attract considerable attention in the u.s. and in other countries. numerous proposals have been made and could continue to be made at the international, national, regional, state and local levels of government to monitor, limit and eliminate both existing and future emissions of ghgs. these proposals expose boardwalk pipelines' operations as well as the operations of its fossil fuel producer customers to a series of regulatory, political, litigation and financial risks.
in the u.s., no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented at the federal level. however, the epa has issued several rules regulating ghgs following the u.s. supreme court finding that ghgs are air pollutants under the caa and the epa's own endangerment finding for certain ghgs, including carbon dioxide and methane. the epa regulates ghgs through various requirements, including permitting for ghg emissions from large stationary sources, annual reporting on ghg emissions from oil and gas facilities, new source performance standards ("nsps") restricting methane emissions from new facilities in the natural gas sector, and ghg emissions limits on vehicles together with the dot. the epa's regulation of methane emissions continues to undergo significant changes. in june 2021, president biden signed into law a joint resolution of congress under the congressional review act that rescinded the epa's 2020 policy rule, effectively reinstating the 2012 and 2016 nsps for the transmission and storage sector. in november 2021, the epa proposed a rule to establish standards of performance for methane and volatile organic compound emissions from new sources and, for the first time, existing sources, within the crude oil and natural gas source category, including the transmission and storage sector. the proposed rule includes several requirements relevant to boardwalk pipelines' operations, including stricter emissions limits for various facilities and equipment (including pneumatic controllers, storage tanks, reciprocating compressors and wet seal centrifugal compressors), more frequent leak detection and monitoring of fugitive emissions from compressor stations, and deadlines for repairing fugitive emissions. the epa plans to issue a supplemental proposal containing proposed regulations in 2022 and aims to finalize the rule by the end of 2022.
governmental entities, including certain states and groups of states, have adopted or are considering legislation, regulations or other initiatives such as ghg cap and trade programs, carbon taxes, ghg reporting and tracking programs, and emissions limits. at the international level, in february 2021 the u.s. rejoined the paris agreement, which requires member nations to submit non-binding ghg emissions reduction goals every five years. in april 2021, president biden announced a new target for the u.s. to reduce ghg emissions 50-52% from 2005 levels by 2030. in november 2021, the u.s. joined other nations for the 26th conference to the parties (cop26), during which nations including the u.s. made various commitments, including the global methane pledge to reduce methane emissions 30% from 2020 levels by 2030.
governmental, scientific and public concern over the threat of climate change arising from ghg emissions has resulted in increasing political risks in the u.s. the biden administration and future administrations could take various actions to curtail oil and natural gas production and transportation, including limiting fracturing of oil and natural gas wells, restricting flaring and venting during natural gas production on federal properties, limiting or banning oil and gas leases on federal lands and offshore waters, increasing requirements for construction and permitting of pipeline infrastructure and lng export facilities, and further restricting ghg emissions from oil and gas facilities. litigation risks are also increasing, as a number of cities and other governmental entities have brought suit alleging that fossil fuel producers created public nuisances by producing fuels that contributed to global warming effects such as rising sea levels, are responsible for associated roadway and infrastructure damage, or defrauded investors or customers by failing to timely and adequately disclose adverse effects of climate change.
there are also increasing financial risks for fossil fuel energy companies as investors become increasingly concerned about the potential effects of climate change and may elect in the future to shift some or all of their investments into non-fossil fuel energy related sectors. institutional lenders who provide financing to fossil fuel energy companies also have become more attentive to sustainable lending practices that favor alternative power sources (such as wind, solar, geothermal, tidal and biofuels), making those sources more attractive, and some of them may elect not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies. many of the largest u.s. banks have made "net zero" carbon emission commitments and have announced that they will be assessing financed emissions across their portfolios and taking steps to quantify and reduce those emissions. at cop26, the glasgow financial alliance for net zero announced that commitments from over 450 firms across 45 countries had resulted in over $130 trillion in capital committed to net zero goals. financial institutions could be required to adopt policies that limit funding for fossil fuel energy companies. in late 2020 the federal reserve joined the network for greening the financial system ("ngfs"), a consortium of financial regulators focused on addressing climate-related risks in the financial sector, and in 2021 the federal reserve issued a statement supporting the efforts of ngfs in identifying potential solutions for climate-related challenges relevant to central banks and supervisory authorities. while boardwalk pipelines cannot predict what policies may result from these announcements, a material reduction in the capital available to the fossil fuel industry could make it more difficult to secure funding for exploration and production or midstream energy business activities, which could adversely impact its business and operations. separately, the sec has also announced that it is scrutinizing existing climate-change related disclosures in public filings, increasing the potential for enforcement if the sec were to allege an issuer's existing climate disclosures are misleading or deficient.
the adoption and implementation of new or more stringent international, federal, regional, state or local legislation, regulations or other initiatives that impose more stringent standards for ghg emissions from the oil and gas sector or otherwise restrict fossil fuel production could result in increased costs of compliance for fossil fuel use, and thereby reduce demand for fossil fuels, which could reduce demand for boardwalk pipelines' transportation and storage services. political, litigation and financial risks may result in boardwalk pipelines' fossil fuel producer customers restricting or canceling production activities, incurring liability for infrastructure damages as a result of climatic changes, or impairing their ability to continue to operate in an economic manner, which also could reduce demand for boardwalk pipelines' services. moreover, the increased competitiveness of alternative energy sources could reduce demand for hydrocarbons and for boardwalk pipelines' services. finally, boardwalk pipelines may also be subject to various physical risks from climate change. for more information on these physical risks, see boardwalk pipelines' risk factor titled "climatic conditions and events could adversely impact boardwalk pipelines' operations, pipelines and facilities, or those of its customers or suppliers" below.
climatic conditions and events could adversely impact boardwalk pipelines' operations, pipelines and facilities, or those of its customers or suppliers.
climatic events can cause disruptions to, delays in or suspension of boardwalk pipelines' services, by interrupting its operations, causing loss of or damage to equipment, or having similar impacts on its customers or third party suppliers. in general, boardwalk pipelines' operations could be significantly impacted by climatic conditions such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and wintry conditions. boardwalk pipelines' pipeline operations along coastal waters and offshore in the gulf of mexico could be adversely impacted by climatic conditions such as rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion, which could result in serious damage to boardwalk pipelines' facilities and affect its ability to provide transportation services. such damage could result in leakage, migration, releases or spills from boardwalk pipelines' operations and could result in liability, remedial obligations or otherwise have a negative impact on operations. such climactic conditions could also impact boardwalk pipelines' customers' ability to utilize boardwalk pipelines' services and third party suppliers' ability to provide boardwalk pipelines with the products and services necessary to maintain operation of its facilities. boardwalk pipelines may incur significant damages as well as costs to repair or maintain its facilities, which could adversely affect its operations and the financial health of its business. in recent years, local governments and landowners in louisiana have filed lawsuits against energy companies, alleging that their operations contributed to increased coastal rising seas and erosion and seeking substantial damages. changing meteorological conditions, particularly temperature, may affect the amount, timing, or location of demand for energy or the products boardwalk pipelines transports, which may impact demand for its services.
legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to pipeline safety that require the use of new or more prescriptive compliance activities, substantial changes to existing integrity management programs or withdrawal of regulatory waivers could subject boardwalk pipelines to increased capital and operating costs and operational delays.
boardwalk pipelines' interstate pipelines are subject to regulation by phmsa, which is part of the dot. phmsa regulates the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, and maintenance of existing interstate natural gas and ngls pipeline facilities. phmsa regulation currently requires pipeline operators to implement integrity management programs, including frequent inspections, remediation of certain identified anomalies and other measures to promote pipeline safety in hcas, mcas, class 1 and 2 areas (depending on the potential impacts of a risk event), class 3 and class 4 areas, as well as in areas unusually sensitive to environmental damage and commercially navigable waterways. states have jurisdiction over certain of boardwalk pipelines' intrastate pipelines and have adopted regulations similar to existing phmsa regulations. state regulations may impose more stringent requirements than found under federal law that affect boardwalk pipelines' intrastate operations. compliance with these rules over time generally has resulted in an overall increase in maintenance costs. the imposition of new or more stringent pipeline safety rules applicable to natural gas or ngl pipelines, or any issuance or reinterpretation of guidance from phmsa or any state agencies, could cause boardwalk pipelines to install new or modified safety controls, pursue additional capital projects or conduct maintenance programs on an accelerated basis, any or all of which tasks could result in boardwalk pipelines incurring increased capital and operating costs, experiencing operational delays and suffering potential adverse impacts to its operations or ability to reliably serve its customers. requirements that are imposed under the 2011 act, the 2016 act or the 2020 act, or other pipeline safety legislation or implementing regulations, may also increase boardwalk pipelines' capital and operating costs or impact the operation of its pipelines.
boardwalk pipelines has entered into certain firm transportation contracts with shippers that utilize the design capacity of certain of its pipeline assets, based upon the authority boardwalk pipelines received from phmsa to operate those pipelines at higher than normal operating pressures of up to 0.80 of the pipeline's smys under issued permits with specific conditions. phmsa retains discretion to withdraw or modify this authority. if phmsa were to withdraw or materially modify such authority, it could affect boardwalk pipelines' ability to transport all of its contracted quantities of natural gas on these pipeline assets and it could incur significant additional costs to reinstate this authority or to develop alternate ways to meet its contractual obligations.
boardwalk pipelines' actual construction and development costs could exceed its forecasts; its anticipated cash flow from construction and development projects will not be immediate; and its construction and development projects may not be completed on time or at all.
boardwalk pipelines has been and is currently engaged in several construction projects involving its existing assets and the construction of new facilities for which it has expended or will expend significant capital. boardwalk pipelines expects to continue to engage in the construction of additional growth projects and modifications of its system. when boardwalk pipelines builds a new pipeline or expands or modifies an existing facility, the design, construction and development occurs over an extended period of time, and it will not receive any revenue or cash flow from that project until after it is placed into commercial service. on boardwalk pipelines' interstate pipelines there are several years between when the project is announced and when customers begin using the new facilities. during this period, boardwalk pipelines spends capital and incurs costs without receiving any of the financial benefits associated with the projects. the construction of new assets involves regulatory (federal, state and local), landowner opposition, environmental, activist, legal, political, materials and labor costs, as well as operational and other risks that are difficult to predict and some are beyond boardwalk pipelines' control. a project may not be completed on time or at all due to a variety of factors, may be impacted by significant cost overruns or may be materially changed prior to completion as a result of developments or circumstances that boardwalk pipelines is not aware of when it commits to the project. any of these events could result in material unexpected costs or have a material adverse effect on boardwalk pipelines' ability to realize the anticipated benefits from its growth projects.
boardwalk pipelines may face opposition to the operation of its pipelines and facilities or construction or expansion of facilities or new pipeline projects from various groups.
boardwalk pipelines may face opposition to the operation of its pipelines and facilities or construction or expansion of its facilities or new pipeline projects from governmental officials, environmental groups, landowners, communities, tribal or local groups and other advocates. such opposition could take many forms, including organized protests, attempts to block or sabotage boardwalk pipelines' operations, acts of eco-terrorism, intervention in regulatory or administrative proceedings involving boardwalk pipelines' assets, or lawsuits or other actions designed to prevent, disrupt or delay the operation of its assets and business. for example, repairing boardwalk pipelines' pipelines often involves securing consent from individual landowners to access their property; one or more landowners may resist boardwalk pipelines' efforts to make needed repairs, which could lead to an interruption in the operation of the affected pipeline or facility for a period of time that is significantly longer than would have otherwise been the case. acts of sabotage or eco-terrorism could cause significant damage or injury to people, property or the environment and lead to extended interruptions of boardwalk pipelines' operations and material damages and costs.
the price differentials between natural gas supplies and market demand for natural gas may reduce the transportation rates that boardwalk pipelines can charge on certain portions of its pipeline systems.
each year a portion of boardwalk pipelines firm natural gas transportation contracts expire and need to be replaced or renewed. as a result of current market conditions, boardwalk pipelines may renew some expiring contracts at lower rates or for shorter terms than in the past. the transportation rates boardwalk pipelines is able to charge customers are heavily influenced by market trends (both short and longer term), including the available supply, geographical location of natural gas production, the competition between producing basins, competition with other pipelines for supply and markets, the demand for gas by end-users such as power plants, petrochemical facilities and lng export facilities and the price differentials between the gas supplies and the market demand for the gas (basis differentials). market conditions have resulted in a sustained narrowing of basis differentials on certain portions of boardwalk pipelines' pipeline system, which has reduced transportation rates that can be charged in the affected areas and adversely affected the contract terms boardwalk pipelines can secure from its customers for available transportation capacity and for contracts being renewed or replaced. boardwalk pipelines expects these market conditions to continue.
changes in energy prices, including natural gas, oil and ngls, impact the supply of and demand for those commodities, which impact boardwalk pipelines' business.
boardwalk pipelines' customers, especially producers and certain plant operators, are directly impacted by changes in commodity prices. the prices of natural gas, oil and ngls fluctuate in response to changes in both domestic and worldwide supply and demand, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors, including for natural gas, the realization of potential lng exports and demand growth within the power generation market. volatility in the pricing levels of natural gas, oil and ngls could adversely affect the businesses of certain of boardwalk pipelines' producer customers and could result in defaults or the non-renewal of boardwalk pipelines' contracted capacity when existing contracts expire. commodity prices could affect the operations of certain of boardwalk pipelines' industrial customers, including the temporary closure or reduction of plant operations, resulting in decreased deliveries to those customers. future increases in the price of natural gas and ngls could make alternative energy and feedstock sources more competitive and decrease demand for natural gas and ngls. a reduced level of demand for natural gas and ngls could diminish the utilization of capacity on boardwalk pipelines' systems and reduce the demand of its services.
boardwalk pipelines is exposed to credit risk relating to default or bankruptcy by its customers.
credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from the default by a customer of its contractual obligations or the customer filing bankruptcy. boardwalk pipelines has credit risk with both its existing customers and those supporting its growth projects. credit risk exists in relation to boardwalk pipelines' growth projects, both because expansion customers make long term firm capacity commitments to boardwalk pipelines for such projects and certain of those expansion customers agree to provide credit support as construction for such projects progresses. if a customer fails to post the required credit support or defaults during the growth project process, overall returns on the project may be reduced to the extent an adjustment to the scope of the project occurs or boardwalk pipelines is unable to replace the defaulting customer with a customer willing to pay similar rates. in 2020 and 2019, two expansion customers declared bankruptcy for which boardwalk pipelines was able to use the credit support obtained during the growth project process to cover a portion of the customer's remaining long term commitment.
boardwalk pipelines' credit exposure also includes receivables for services provided, future performance under firm agreements and volumes of gas owed by customers for imbalances or gas loaned by boardwalk pipelines to them under certain nns and parking and lending ("pal") services.
boardwalk pipelines' revolving credit facility contains operating and financial covenants that restrict its business and financing activities.
boardwalk pipelines' revolving credit facility contains operating and financial covenants that may restrict its ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue business activities. its credit agreement limits its ability to make loans or investments, make material changes to the nature of its business, merge, consolidate or engage in asset sales, or grant liens or make negative pledges. this agreement also requires it to maintain a ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated ebitda (as defined in the agreement) of not more than 5.0 to 1.0, or up to 5.5 to 1.0 for the three quarters following a qualified acquisition or series of acquisitions, where the purchase price exceeds $100.0 million over a rolling 12-month period, which limits the amount of additional indebtedness boardwalk pipelines can incur to grow its business, and could require it to reduce indebtedness if its earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") decreases to a level that would cause it to breach this covenant. future financing agreements boardwalk pipelines may enter into could contain similar or more restrictive covenants or may not be as favorable as those under its existing indebtedness.
boardwalk pipelines' ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in its credit agreement may be affected by events beyond its control, including economic, financial and market conditions. if market, economic conditions or its financial performance deteriorate, its ability to comply with these covenants may be impaired. if boardwalk pipelines is not able to incur additional indebtedness, it may be required to seek other sources of funding that may be on less favorable terms. if it defaults under its credit agreement or another financing agreement, significant additional restrictions may become applicable. in addition, a default could result in a significant portion of its indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable, and its lenders could terminate their commitment to make further loans to it. if such event occurs, boardwalk pipelines would not have, and may not be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments.
boardwalk pipelines' indebtedness could affect its ability to meet its obligations and may otherwise restrict its activities.
as of december 31, 2021, boardwalk pipelines had $3.4 billion in principal amount of long-term debt outstanding. this level of debt requires significant interest payments. boardwalk pipelines' inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy its debt obligations, or to refinance its obligations on commercially reasonable terms, would have a material adverse effect on its business. boardwalk pipelines' indebtedness could have important consequences. for example, it could:
limit boardwalk pipelines' ability to borrow money for its working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other general business activities;
impact the ratings received from credit rating agencies;
increase boardwalk pipelines' vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and
limit boardwalk pipelines' ability to respond to business opportunities, including growing its business through acquisitions.
boardwalk pipelines is permitted, under its revolving credit facility and the indentures governing its notes, to incur additional debt, subject to certain limitations under its revolving credit facility and the indentures governing the notes. if boardwalk pipelines incurs additional debt, its increased leverage could also result in the consequences described above.
limited access to the debt markets and increases in interest rates could adversely affect boardwalk pipelines' business.
boardwalk pipelines anticipates funding its capital and other spending requirements through its available financing options, including cash generated from operations, borrowings under its revolving credit facility and issuances of additional debt. changes in the debt markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity, and an increase in interest rates, may increase the cost of financing as well as the risks of refinancing maturing debt. this may affect its ability to raise needed funding and reduce the amount of cash available to fund its operations or growth projects or refinance maturing debt. if the debt markets were not available, it is not certain if other adequate financing options would be available to boardwalk pipelines on terms and conditions that it would find acceptable.
any disruption in the debt markets could require boardwalk pipelines to take additional measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until it can arrange alternative credit arrangements or other funding for its business needs. such measures could include reducing or delaying business activities, reducing its operations to lower expenses and reducing other discretionary uses of cash. boardwalk pipelines may be unable to execute its growth strategy or take advantage of certain business opportunities.
the outbreak of covid-19 and the measures to mitigate the spread of covid-19 could materially adversely affect boardwalk pipelines' business, financial condition and results of operations and those of its customers, suppliers and other business partners.
the global outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic and measures to mitigate the spread of covid-19 significantly impacted the world and the u.s., and impacted global demand for oil and petrochemical products. covid-19 has also resulted in significant business and operational disruptions, including business closures, supply chain disruptions, travel restrictions, stay-at-home orders and limitations on the availability of workforces. boardwalk pipelines' operations are considered essential critical infrastructure under current cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency guidelines;
however, if significant portions of boardwalk pipelines' workforce are unable to work effectively, including because of illness or quarantines, its business could be materially adversely affected. boardwalk pipelines may also be unable to perform fully on its contracts, and its costs may increase as a result of the covid-19 outbreak. these cost increases may not be fully recoverable. it is possible that the continued spread of covid-19 could also further cause disruption in boardwalk pipelines' customers' business; cause delay, or limit the ability of its customers to perform, including in making timely payments to it. the impact of covid-19 has impacted capital markets, which may impact boardwalk pipelines' customers' financial position. the covid-19 pandemic may also have the effect of increasing several of the other risk factors contained herein.
boardwalk pipelines does not own all of the land on which its pipelines and facilities are located, which could result in disruptions to its operations.
substantial portions of boardwalk pipelines' pipelines, storage and other facilities are constructed and maintained on property owned by others pursuant to rights-of-way, easements, permits, licenses or consents, and boardwalk pipelines is subject to the possibility of more onerous terms and/or increased costs to retain necessary land use rights if it does not have valid land use rights or if such land use rights lapse or terminate. some of the rights to construct and operate boardwalk pipelines' pipelines storage or other facilities on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies that it obtains are for specific periods of time. boardwalk pipelines cannot guarantee that it will always be able to renew, when necessary, existing land use rights or obtain new land use rights without experiencing significant costs or experiencing landowner opposition. any loss of these land use rights with respect to the operation of boardwalk pipelines' pipelines, storage and other facilities, through its inability to acquire or renew right-of-way or easement contracts or permits, licenses, consents or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on its operations.
boardwalk pipelines may not be successful in executing its strategy to grow and diversify its business.
boardwalk pipelines relies primarily on the revenues generated from its natural gas transportation and storage services. negative developments in these services have significantly greater impact on boardwalk pipelines' financial condition and results of operations than if it maintained more diverse assets. boardwalk pipelines' ability to grow, diversify and increase cash flows will depend, in part, on its ability to expand its existing business lines and to close and execute on accretive acquisitions. boardwalk pipelines may not be successful in acquiring or developing such assets or may do so on terms that ultimately are not profitable.
boardwalk pipelines' ability to replace expiring gas storage contracts at attractive rates or on a long-term basis and to sell short-term services at attractive rates or at all are subject to market conditions.
boardwalk pipelines owns and operates substantial natural gas storage facilities. the market for the storage and pal services that it offers is impacted by the factors and market conditions discussed above for boardwalk pipelines' transportation services, and is also impacted by natural gas price differentials between time periods, such as winter to summer (time period price spreads), and the volatility in time period price spreads. when market conditions cause a narrowing of time period price spreads and a decline in the price volatility of natural gas, these factors adversely impact the rates boardwalk pipelines can charge for its storage and pal services.
boardwalk pipelines' operations are subject to catastrophic losses, operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which it may not be adequately insured.
there are a variety of operating risks inherent in transporting and storing natural gas, ethylene and ngls, such as leaks and other forms of releases, explosions, fires, cyber-attacks and mechanical problems, which could have catastrophic consequences. additionally, the nature and location of boardwalk pipelines' business may make it susceptible to catastrophic losses from hurricanes or other named storms, particularly with regard to its assets in the gulf coast region, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, and other severe weather. any of these or other similar occurrences could result in the disruption of boardwalk pipelines' operations, substantial repair costs, personal injury or loss of life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of its operations and substantial financial losses. the location of pipelines in hcas, which includes populated areas, residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could significantly increase the level of damages resulting from some of these risks.
boardwalk pipelines currently possesses property, business interruption, cyber threat and general liability insurance, but proceeds from such insurance coverage may not be adequate for all liabilities or expenses incurred or revenues lost. moreover, such insurance may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable costs and terms. the insurance coverage boardwalk pipelines does obtain may contain large deductibles or fail to cover certain events, hazards or potential losses.
risks related to us and our subsidiary, loews hotels & co the covid-19 pandemic and efforts to mitigate the spread of the virus have had, and are expected to continue to have, material adverse impacts on loews hotels & co's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in response to the spread of covid-19, governments across the globe have implemented measures to mitigate the spread of the virus, such as through city, regional or national lockdowns or stay-at-home orders, narrowly defined and widespread business closures, restrictions on travel, limitations on large group gatherings and quarantines, among others. some of these measures, such as international travel restrictions in particular, continue in order to contain further spread. beyond the existence of governmental restrictions, the perception of health risks associated with covid-19 has limited, and continues to limit, business and leisure travel. the spread of the coronavirus, including its resurgence through new variants, and the continuing related containment efforts have had, and continue to have, macro-economic implications, the effects of which could be felt well beyond the time the spread of the virus is mitigated or contained. these developments have caused unprecedented disruptions to the global economy, including supply chains, air travel and normal business operations across sectors, including the hospitality industry that depends on active levels of business and leisure travel.
in response to the pandemic, loews hotels & co temporarily suspended operations at the majority of its owned and/or operated hotels. while all of these hotels have resumed general operations, occupancy rates remain considerably lower, particularly for certain hotels that rely on business travel, when compared to occupancy rates prior to march of 2020. as such, revenues have been lower and may be insufficient to offset certain fixed costs, such as insurance and property taxes. the potential for the resuspension of operations varies by hotel property and will depend on numerous factors, many of which are outside loews hotels & co's control, including the transmissivity and virulence of future virus variants, the velocity of future virus spread and quarantine periods for individuals exposed or infected required or recommended by governmental authorities or medical professionals. in addition, as a result of the pandemic, loews hotels & co has had to implement a number of new measures for the health and safety of its guests and employees. these new measures, which may need to remain in place for the foreseeable future, have resulted and will continue to result in increased costs.
given that loews hotels & co owns and leases, relative to some of its competitors, a higher proportion of its hotel properties, compared to the number of properties that it manages for third-party owners, it may as a result of covid-19 and mitigation measures face increased risks associated with mortgage debt, including the possibility of default, cash trap periods, the inability to draw further loan disbursements and reduced availability of replacement financing at reasonable terms or at all; difficulty reducing costs; declines in real estate values and potential additional impairments in the value of loews hotels & co's assets; and a limited ability to respond to market conditions. in addition, uncertain or fluctuating real estate valuations and the inability for third-party purchasers to obtain capital may prevent loews hotels & co from selling properties on acceptable terms.
the full extent and duration of the impacts caused by the covid-19 outbreak on loews hotels & co's business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows remains largely uncertain and dependent on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the severity, duration, transmission rate and geographic spread of current and future variants of covid-19 worldwide, including in the united states and canada, the extent and effectiveness, whether perceived or actual, of the containment and mitigation measures taken, the cost to implement containment and mitigation measures, the impact of containment and mitigation measures on operations and loews hotels & co's workforce, the timing, efficacy and ability of vaccinations and other treatments to combat covid-19, and the response of the overall economy, the travel and leisure sector, financial markets, governmental authorities and the population, particularly in areas where loews hotels & co operates. accordingly, covid-19 presents continuing material uncertainty and risk with respect to loews hotels & co's business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
even following containment and mitigation of covid-19, continuing uncertainty exists around when and if loews hotels & co will be able to resume normal, pre-covid-19 level operations for business or leisure travel. once the covid-19 outbreak is mitigated or contained, whenever that may be, historical travel patterns, both domestic and international, may continue to be disrupted either on a temporary basis or with longer term effects. for example, certain travel is dependent on commercial airlines restoring capacity, and their inability to restore full capacity or avoid the necessity to curtail operations in the future on a temporary or more permanent basis, could impact demand for loews hotels & co's services. additionally, businesses that continue to rely on remote working and videoconferences may reduce the level of business travel both to save costs and to reduce the risk of exposure for their employees, and they may also seek alternatives to large public gatherings such as conferences and conventions. leisure travelers may also be less inclined to travel or gather in large groups out of ongoing safety concerns, regardless of the lifting of mandated or recommended restrictions. in addition, with the potential adverse impact on jobs and the economy more broadly, leisure travel may be further impacted due to economic reasons. further, the demand for lodging, and consumer confidence in travel generally, may not recover as quickly as other industries. any of these trends could have continuing material adverse effects on loews hotels & co's results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
as part of cost containment efforts at the outset of the pandemic, loews hotels & co put a substantial number of its employees on unpaid leaves of absence or severed them from the organization. now that conditions have warranted the resumption of operations that necessitate increased staffing levels, finding and attracting sufficient talent to fill the roles that have been furloughed or eliminated has been challenging in certain markets in which loews hotels & co operates. additionally, many of loews hotels & co's service providers and suppliers also put their employees on leaves of absence or severed employees. should they be unable to find and attract sufficient talent to fill the roles that they have furloughed or eliminated, loews hotels & co may not have the requisite services or supplies available to resume operations at the time or in the manner of its choosing.
loews hotels & co continues to evaluate spending and manage operating expenses as variants of covid-19 impact different markets in which it operates. loews hotels & co has received and may receive additional demands or requests from labor unions that represent its employees, whether in the course of its periodic renegotiation of collective bargaining agreements or otherwise, for additional compensation, healthcare benefits, operational protocols or other terms that could increase costs, and could experience labor disputes or disruptions as it continues to implement mitigation plans. some actions loews hotels & co has taken, or may take in the future, to reduce costs for it or its third-party owners may negatively impact guest loyalty, owner preference, and its ability to attract and retain employees, and its reputation and market share may suffer as a result. further, the recovery period could be extensive and certain operational changes, particularly with respect to enhanced health and safety measures, may continue to be necessary and could increase ongoing costs.
loews hotels & co's construction projects could be delayed as a result of covid-19 and related containment efforts, including containment efforts applicable to or affecting contractors, suppliers and inspectors required to review projects.
as a manager of hotels owned by joint ventures that loews hotels & co invests in and by third parties, loews hotels & co earns fees based on the revenues that those managed hotels generate. as a result of reduced revenues described above due to covid-19 and mitigating measures, loews hotels & co's fee-based revenues are also materially reduced. certain of these properties also have contracts that require payments by loews hotels & co to preserve its management of the hotel if the hotel's operating results do not achieve certain performance levels. these payments may be uneconomical for loews hotels & co and lead to loews hotels & co no longer managing one or more of those properties.
in properties in which loews hotels & co has an ownership interest, loews hotels & co leases space to third-party tenants and earns both fixed and variable amounts of rent, depending on each underlying lease arrangement. some of these tenants informed loews hotels & co that their operations have been adversely impacted by covid-19 business restrictions causing rent abatement periods in certain circumstances. in addition, variable rent, which is generally tied to the tenant's sales, has been, and will continue to be, materially adversely affected by the effects of the pandemic.
loews hotels & co's business may be materially adversely affected by various operating risks common to the hospitality industry, including competition, excess supply and dependence on business travel and tourism.
loews hotels & co owns and operates hotels that have different economic characteristics than many other real estate assets. a typical office property, for example, has long-term leases with third-party tenants, which provide a relatively stable long-term stream of revenue. hotels, on the other hand, generate revenue from guests that typically stay at the hotel for only a few nights, which causes the room rate and occupancy levels at each hotel to change nearly every day, and results in earnings that can be highly volatile.
in addition, loews hotels & co's properties are subject to various operating risks common to the hospitality industry, many of which are beyond loews hotels & co's control, including:
changes in general economic conditions, including the severity and duration of any downturn in the u.s. or global economy and financial markets, as well as more localized changes in the economy of each hotel's geographic location;
disruptions or delays in our supply chain for goods and materials, including those used for hotel development, renovations and operations;
labor supply disruptions or shortages;
war, political conditions or civil unrest, terrorist activities or threats and heightened travel security measures instituted in response to these events;
outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, such as the recent coronavirus;
federal, state or local government-mandated travel restrictions and/or shut-down orders of hotels or other drivers that reduce demand for hotel businesses;
natural or man-made disasters or other catastrophes;
material reductions or prolonged interruptions of public utilities and services;
decreased corporate or government travel-related budgets and spending and cancellations, deferrals or renegotiations of group business due to self-imposed and/or government-mandated travel restrictions, adverse economic conditions or otherwise;
decreased need for business-related travel due to innovations in business-related technology;
the financial condition and general operational condition of the airline, automotive and other transportation-related industries and its impact on travel;
decreased airline capacities and routes and disruption in airline operations;
competition from other hotels and alternative accommodations, such as airbnb, in the markets in which loews hotels & co operates;
requirements for periodic capital reinvestment to maintain and upgrade hotels;
increases in operating costs, including labor (such as from minimum wage increases or labor shortages), workers' compensation, benefits, insurance, food and beverage, commodity costs, energy and unanticipated costs resulting from force majeure events, due to inflation, new or different federal, state or local governmental regulations, including tariffs, constrained supply, and other factors that may not be offset by increased revenues;
the costs and administrative burdens associated with compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
organized labor activities, which could cause a diversion of business from hotels involved in labor negotiations and loss of business for loews hotels & co's properties generally as a result of certain labor tactics;
changes in the desirability of particular locations or travel patterns of customers, including with respect to the underlying attractions supporting loews hotels & co's immersive destination properties, such as the universal theme parks for its orlando, florida properties, and stadiums, arenas and convention centers for properties in other markets;
geographic concentration of operations and customers;
shortages of desirable locations for development; and
relationships with third-party property owners, developers, landlords and joint venture partners, including the risk that third-party property owners, developers, landlords and/or partners may encounter financial difficulties, may not fulfill material obligations and/or may terminate lease, management, joint venture or other agreements.
in addition to materially affecting the business of loews hotels & co generally, these factors, and the reputational repercussions of these factors, could materially adversely affect, and from time to time have materially adversely affected, individual hotels and hotels in particular regions.
loews hotels & co is exposed to the risks resulting from significant investments in owned and leased real estate, which could increase its costs, reduce its profits, limit its ability to respond to market conditions or restrict its growth strategy.
loews hotels & co's proportion of owned and leased properties, compared to the number of properties that it manages for third-party owners, is larger than that of some of its competitors. real estate ownership and leasing is subject to risks not applicable to managed or franchised properties, including:
real estate, insurance, zoning, tax, environmental and eminent domain laws;
the ongoing need for owner-funded capital improvements and expenditures to maintain or upgrade properties;
risks associated with mortgage debt, including the possibility of default, fluctuating interest rate levels and the availability of replacement financing;
risks associated with the possibility that cost increases will outpace revenue increases and that, in the event of an economic slowdown, a high proportion of fixed costs will make it difficult to reduce costs to the extent required to offset declining revenues;
risks associated with real estate and property leases, including the possibility of rent increases and the inability to renew or extend upon favorable terms;
risks associated with real estate condominiums, including the possibility of special assessments by condominiums that loews hotels & co does not control;
fluctuations in real estate values and potential impairments in the value of loews hotels & co's assets; and
the relative illiquidity of real estate compared to some other assets.
the hospitality industry is subject to seasonal and cyclical volatility.
the hospitality industry is seasonal in nature. the periods during which loews hotels & co's properties experience higher revenues vary from property to property, depending principally upon location and the consumer base served. historically, loews hotels & co generally has experienced revenues and earnings that are lower in the third quarter of each year than in each of the other quarters. in addition, the hospitality industry is cyclical and demand generally follows the general economy on a lagged basis. the seasonality and cyclicality of its industry may contribute to fluctuation in loews hotels & co's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
loews hotels & co operates in a highly competitive industry, both for customers and for acquisitions and developments of new properties.
the hospitality industry is highly competitive. loews hotels & co's properties compete with other hotels and alternative accommodations based on a number of factors, including room rates, quality of accommodations, service levels and amenities, location, brand affiliation, reputation and reservation systems. new hotels may be constructed and these additions to supply create new competitors, in some cases without corresponding increases in demand for hotel rooms. some of its competitors also have greater financial and marketing resources than loews hotels & co. in addition, travelers can book stays on websites that facilitate the short-term rental of homes and apartments from owners, thereby providing an alternative to hotel rooms.
loews hotels & co also competes for hotel acquisitions and development projects with entities that have similar investment objectives as it does. this competition could limit the number of suitable investment opportunities. it may also increase the bargaining power of loews hotels & co's counterparties, making it more difficult for loews hotels & co to acquire or develop new properties on attractive terms or on the terms contemplated in its business plans.
any deterioration in the quality or reputation of loews hotels & co's brands could have a material adverse effect on its reputation and business.
loews hotels & co's brands and reputation are among its most important assets. its ability to attract and retain guests depends, in part, on the public recognition of its brands and their associated reputation. if its brands become obsolete or consumers view them as unfashionable or lacking in consistency and quality, or its brands or reputation are otherwise harmed, loews hotels & co may be unable to attract guests to its properties, and may further be unable to attract or retain joint venture partners or hotel owners. loews hotels & co's reputation may also suffer as a result of negative publicity regarding its hotels, including as a result of social media reports, regardless of the accuracy of such publicity. the continued expansion of media and social media formats has compounded the potential breadth and scope of negative publicity and has made it more difficult to control and effectively manage negative publicity.
loews hotels & co's efforts to develop new properties and renovate existing properties could be delayed or become more expensive.
loews hotels & co from time to time renovates its properties and is currently expanding its portfolio through the ground-up construction of new properties in coral gables, florida, and arlington, texas, along with a support facility in apopka, florida, and in the future may similarly develop additional new properties. often these projects are undertaken with joint venture partners who may also serve as developer. these renovation and construction efforts are subject to a number of risks, including:
construction delays, changes to plans and specifications and cost overruns (including labor and materials or unforeseeable site conditions) that may increase project costs; cause new development projects to not be completed by lender or municipal imposed required completion dates or subject loews hotels & co to cancellation penalties for reservations accepted;
obtaining zoning, occupancy and other required permits or authorizations;
changes in economic conditions that may result in weakened or lack of demand or negative project returns;
governmental restrictions on the size or kind of development;
projects financed with construction debt are subject to interest rate risk as uncertain timing and amount of draws make effective hedging difficult to obtain;
weather delays and force majeure events, including earthquakes, tornados, hurricanes, floods and other natural or man made catastrophes; and
design defects that could increase costs.
additionally, renovating existing properties and developing new properties typically involve lengthy development periods during which significant amounts of capital must be funded before the properties begin to operate and generate revenue. if the cost of renovations or new development exceeds budgeted amounts, and/or the time period for development is longer than initially anticipated, loews hotels & co's operating results could be reduced. loews hotels & co has seen construction timelines lengthen due to various factors, including competition for skilled construction labor, challenges related to financing, disruption in the supply chain for materials, and the impact of covid-19 generally, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future. accordingly, there can be no assurance that all development pipeline projects will result in new hotels entering loews hotel & co's system, or that those hotels will open when anticipated. further, due to the lengthy development cycle, intervening adverse economic conditions in general and as they apply to loews hotels & co and its development partners may alter or impede the development plans, thereby resulting in incremental costs or potential impairment charges. in addition, using multiple sources of capital to develop new properties reduces or eliminates the ability of loews hotels & co to cease commenced projects if the overall economic environment conditions change. moreover, during the early stages of operations, charges related to interest expense and depreciation may substantially detract from, or even outweigh, the profitability of certain new property investments.
co-investing in hotel properties decreases loews hotels & co's ability to manage risk.
loews hotels & co has from time to time invested, and expects to continue to invest, in hotel properties or businesses as a co-investor. co-investors often have shared control over the operation of the property or business. therefore, the operation of such properties or businesses is subject to inherent risk due to the shared nature of the enterprise and the need to reach agreements on material matters. in addition, investments with other investors may involve risks such as the possibility that the co-investor might become bankrupt or not have the financial resources to meet its obligations, or have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with loews hotels & co's business interests or goals. further, loews hotels & co may be unable to take action without the approval of its co-investors, or its co-investors could take actions binding on the property without the consent of loews hotels & co. additionally, should a co-investor become bankrupt, loews hotels & co could become liable for its share of liabilities.
loews hotels & co's properties are geographically concentrated, which exposes its business to the effects of regional events and occurrences.
loews hotels & co has a concentration of hotels in florida. specifically, as of december 31, 2021, eight hotels, representing 55% of rooms in its system, were located at universal orlando in orlando, florida and nine hotels, representing approximately 60% of rooms in its system, were located in florida. the concentration of hotels in one region or a limited number of markets may expose loews hotels & co to risks of adverse economic and other developments that are greater than if its portfolio were more geographically diverse. these developments include regional economic downturns, a decline in the popularity of or access to area tourist attractions, such as theme parks, significant increases in the number of loews hotels & co's competitors' hotels in these markets and potentially higher local property, sales and income taxes, property insurance costs or other expenses in the geographic markets in which it is concentrated. in addition, loews hotels & co's properties in florida are subject to the effects of adverse acts of nature, such as hurricanes, strong winds and flooding, which have in the past caused damage to its hotels in florida, and which may in the future be intensified as a result of climate change, as well as outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases. loews hotels & co's business may be significantly affected by other risks common to the florida tourism industry. for example, the cost and availability of air services and the impact of any events that disrupt or reduce air travel to and from florida for any reason can adversely affect its business.
the growth and use of alternative reservation channels adversely affects loews hotels & co's business.
a significant percentage of hotel rooms for guests at loews hotels & co's properties is booked through internet travel and other intermediaries. in most cases, loews hotels & co has agreements with such intermediaries and pays them commissions and/or fees for sales of its rooms through their systems. if such bookings increase, these intermediaries may be able to obtain higher commissions or fees, reduced room rates or other significant concessions from loews hotels & co. there can be no assurance that loews hotels & co will be able to negotiate such agreements in the future with terms as favorable as those that exist today. moreover, these intermediaries generally employ aggressive marketing strategies, including expending significant resources for online and television advertising campaigns to drive consumers to their websites and other outlets. as a result, consumers may develop brand loyalties to the intermediaries' offered brands, websites and reservations systems rather than to loews hotels & co's brands.
loews hotels & co's insurance coverage may not cover all possible losses, and it may not be able to renew its insurance policies on favorable terms, or at all.
although loews hotels & co maintains various property, casualty and other insurance policies, proceeds from such insurance coverage may not be adequate for all liabilities or expenses incurred or revenues lost. additionally, insurance policies that it maintains may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable costs and terms. the insurance coverage loews hotels & co maintains may contain large deductibles or may not cover all risks to which its properties are potentially subject.
labor shortages could restrict loews hotels & co's ability to operate its properties or grow its business or result in increased labor costs that could reduce its results of operations.
loews hotels & co's properties are staffed 24 hours a day, seven days a week by thousands of employees. if it is unable to attract, retain, train and engage a sufficient number of skilled employees, its ability to manage and staff its properties adequately could be impaired, which could reduce customer satisfaction. staffing shortages could also hinder its ability to grow and expand its business. because payroll costs are a major component of the operating expenses at its properties, a shortage of skilled labor could also require higher wages that would increase its labor costs or temporarily ceasing to offer certain services, which could harm loews hotel & co's reputation or guest satisfaction.
a portion of loews hotels & co's labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements.
work stoppages and other labor problems could negatively affect loews hotels & co's business and results of operations. a prolonged dispute with covered employees or any labor unrest, strikes or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or otherwise could have an adverse impact on loews hotels & co's operations. adverse publicity in the marketplace related to union messaging could further harm its reputation and reduce customer demand for its services. also, wage and/or benefit increases resulting from new labor agreements may be significant and could have an adverse impact on its results of operations. to the extent that loews hotels & co's non-union employees join unions, loews hotels & co would have greater exposure to risks associated with such labor problems. furthermore, loews hotels & co may have, or acquire in the future, multi-employer plans that are classified as "endangered," "seriously endangered," or "critical" status and a withdrawal in the future could result in the incurrence of a contingent liability that would be payable in an amount and at such time (or over a period of time) that would vary based on a number of factors at the time of (and after) withdrawal. any such events or additional costs may have materially adverse effects.
risks related to us and our subsidiary, altium packaging the covid-19 pandemic may have an adverse impact on altium packaging.
altium packaging manufactures packaging that is used with products in critical sectors, such as the pharmaceutical, household and industrial cleaning and food and beverage markets, and is thus an essential business as contemplated by state and local orders. it therefore has operated, and continues to operate, all of its manufacturing facilities to support those sectors. if widespread infections were to affect any of its facilities or workers, including those supporting critical sectors, it may be required to temporarily shut down or otherwise modify the working conditions at such facilities to address the infections. any such changes could cause altium packaging to be unable to meet demand from its customers if it cannot provide support from other facilities in its network.
in addition, the covid-19 pandemic's wide-reaching impact on the global economy has disrupted global supply chains, including those that supply altium packaging with raw materials and other inputs necessary for it to manufacture its packaging products. further, the pandemic has led to labor market dislocations that have led to employee-retention issues and an increase in the cost of labor at altium packaging's manufacturing facilities. if these supply chain and/or labor market disruptions continue, altium packaging's business may be materially adversely affected.
altium packaging's substantial indebtedness could affect its ability to meet its obligations and may otherwise restrict its activities.
altium packaging has a significant amount of indebtedness, which requires significant interest payments. its inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy its debt obligations, or to refinance its obligations on commercially reasonable terms, would have a material adverse effect on its business. altium packaging's substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. for example, it could:
limit its ability to borrow money for its working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other corporate purposes;
increase its vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and
limit its ability to respond to business opportunities, including growing its business through acquisitions.
in addition, the credit agreements governing its current indebtedness contain, and any future debt instruments would likely contain, financial and other restrictive covenants, which impose operating and financial restrictions on it. as a result of these covenants, altium packaging could be limited in the manner in which it conducts its business and may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. furthermore, a failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on altium packaging.
altium packaging is exposed to changes in consumer preferences.
sales of altium packaging's plastic containers depend heavily on the volume of sales made by its customers to consumers. consequently, changes in consumer preferences for products in the industries that it serves or the packaging formats in which such products are delivered, whether as a result of changes in cost, convenience or health, environmental and social concerns or perceptions regarding plastics, may result in a decline in the demand for altium packaging's plastic container products.
fluctuations in raw material prices and raw material availability may materially affect altium packaging's results of operations.
to produce its products, altium packaging uses large quantities of plastic resins and recycled plastic materials. it faces the risk that its access to these raw materials may be interrupted or that it may not be able to purchase these raw materials at prices that are acceptable to it. in general, altium packaging does not have long-term supply contracts with its suppliers, and its purchases of raw materials are subject to market price volatility. although altium packaging generally is able to pass changes in the prices of raw materials through to its customers over a period of time, it may not always be able to do so or there may be a lag between when its costs increase and when it passes those costs through to its customers. it may not be able to pass through all future raw material price increases in a timely manner or at all due to competitive pressures. in addition, a sustained increase in resin and recycled plastic prices, relative to alternative packaging materials, would make plastic containers less economical for its customers and could result in reductions in the use of plastic containers. any limitation on its ability to procure its primary raw materials or to pass through price increases in such materials on a timely basis could materially negatively affect altium packaging.
altium packaging's customers may increase their self-manufacturing.
increased self-manufacturing by altium packaging's customers may have a material adverse impact on its sales volume and financial results. altium packaging believes that its customers may engage in self-manufacturing over time at locations where transportation costs are high, and where low complexity and available space to install blow molding equipment exist.
risks related to us and our subsidiaries generally in addition to the specific risks and uncertainties faced by our subsidiaries, as discussed above, we and all of our subsidiaries face additional risks and uncertainties described below.
the covid-19 pandemic is having widespread impacts on the way we and our subsidiaries operate.
the spread of covid-19 and mitigating measures has had, and continues to have, macroeconomic implications, the effects of which could be felt well beyond the time during which the spread of the virus is mitigated or contained. these developments have caused unprecedented disruptions to the global economy and normal business operations across sectors and countries, including the sectors and countries in which we and our subsidiaries operate. because of the size and breadth of the pandemic, all of the direct and indirect consequences of covid-19 are not yet known and may not emerge for some time.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, large portions of our and our subsidiaries' employees continue to work remotely on at least a part time basis, which, among other things, may disrupt their productivity. similar workplace restrictions are in place at many of our and our subsidiaries' critical vendors, which may result in interruptions in service delivery or failure by vendors to properly perform required services. in addition, having shifted to remote working arrangements and being more dependent on internet and telecommunications access and capabilities, we and our subsidiaries also face a heightened risk of cybersecurity attacks or data security incidents. we and our subsidiaries also self-insure our health benefits and therefore may experience increased medical claims as a result of the pandemic.
failures or interruptions in or breaches to our or our subsidiaries' computer systems or information technology or communication infrastructure or those of our third party vendors could materially and adversely affect our or our subsidiaries' operations.
we and our subsidiaries are dependent upon information technologies, computer and communication systems and networks, including those maintained by us and our subsidiaries and those maintained and provided to us and our subsidiaries by third parties (for example, "software-as-a-service" and cloud solutions), to conduct operations and are reliant on technology to help increase efficiency in our and their businesses. we and our subsidiaries are dependent upon operational and financial computer and communication systems and information technology infrastructure to process the data necessary to conduct almost all aspects of our and their businesses. any failure of our or our subsidiaries' systems or information technology infrastructure, or those of our or their customers, vendors or others with whom we and they do business, could materially disrupt business operations. computer, telecommunications and other business facilities and systems could become unavailable or impaired from a variety of causes, including cyber attacks or other cyber incidents, storms and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, fires, utility outages, theft, design defects, human error or complications encountered as existing systems are replaced or upgraded. cyber attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more difficult to prevent, detect and remediate, and are being carried out by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, and that may have the backing of foreign governmental actors. the u.s. government has issued public warnings that indicate energy assets may be specific targets of cyber attacks, which can have catastrophic consequences, and hotel chains, among other consumer-facing businesses, have been subject to various cyber attacks targeting payment card and other sensitive consumer information. cyber attacks and cyber incidents take many forms, including cyber extortion, denial of service, social engineering, introduction of viruses or malware, exploiting vulnerabilities in hardware, software or other infrastructure, hacking, website defacement, theft of passwords and other credentials, unauthorized use of computing resources for digital currency mining and business email compromise. cna was recently subjected to a sophisticated cybersecurity incident involving ransomware. in addition, one of cna's vendors also recently experienced a cybersecurity incident. for additional information about these incidents see "risks related to us and our subsidiary, cna financial corporation" above under this part ii, item 1a.
as with other large companies, we and our subsidiaries and our and their third party vendors have experienced cyber attacks and other cyber incidents and expect this to continue. if we and our subsidiaries and our and their third party vendors do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to continue to build and maintain our and their information technology security infrastructure, or if we or our subsidiaries or our or our subsidiaries' vendors fail to timely identify or appropriately respond to cyber attacks or other cyber incidents, then this may disrupt our and our subsidiaries' operations, cause significant damage to our or their assets and surrounding areas, cause loss of life or serious bodily injury, impact our or their data framework or cause a failure to protect personal information of customers, employees or others.
the foregoing risks relating to disruption of service, interruption of operations and data loss could impact our and our subsidiaries' ability to timely perform critical business functions, resulting in disruption or deterioration in our and our subsidiaries' operations and business and expose us and our subsidiaries to significant financial losses and monetary and reputational damages. in addition, potential exposures include substantially increased compliance costs and required computer system upgrades and security related investments. the breach of confidential information also could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws and regulations, both in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions.
from time to time we and our subsidiaries may be subject to litigation, for which we and they may be unable to accurately assess the level of exposure and which if adversely determined, may have a significant adverse effect on our or their financial condition or results of operations.
we and our subsidiaries are or may become parties to legal proceedings and disputes. these matters may include, among others, contract disputes, claims disputes, reinsurance disputes, personal injury claims, environmental claims or proceedings, asbestos and other toxic tort claims, intellectual property disputes, disputes related to employment and tax matters and other litigation incidental to our or their businesses. for instance, we and certain of our boardwalk pipelines-related subsidiaries are defendants in a class action litigation in the state of delaware related to our 2018 acquisition of the boardwalk pipelines limited partnership units not already owned by our affiliates. for additional information regarding this matter, see note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8. litigation is inherently subject to great uncertainty and it is difficult to predict the outcome or effect of any litigation matters. the outcome of any pending or future litigation could have a significant adverse impact on our or our subsidiaries' financial condition or results of operations.
acts of terrorism could harm us and our subsidiaries.
terrorist attacks and the continued threat of terrorism in the united states or abroad, the continuation or escalation of armed hostilities or the outbreak of additional hostilities, including military and other action by the united states and its allies, could have a significant impact on us and the assets and businesses of our subsidiaries. cna issues coverages that are exposed to risk of loss from an act of terrorism. terrorist acts or the threat of terrorism could also result in increased political, economic and financial market instability, a decline in energy consumption and volatility in the price of oil and gas, which could affect the market for boardwalk pipelines' transportation and storage services. in addition, terrorist attacks could lead to reductions in business travel and tourism which could harm loews hotels & co. while our subsidiaries take steps that they believe are appropriate to secure their assets, there is no assurance that they can completely secure them against a terrorist attack or obtain adequate insurance coverage for terrorist acts at reasonable rates.
our subsidiaries face significant risks related to compliance with environmental laws.
our subsidiaries have extensive obligations and financial exposure related to compliance with federal, state, local, foreign and international environmental laws, including those relating to the discharge of substances into the environment, the disposal, removal or clean up of hazardous wastes and other activities relating to the protection of the environment. many of such laws have become increasingly stringent in recent years and may in some cases impose strict liability, which could be substantial, rendering a person liable for environmental damage without regard to negligence or fault on the part of that person. for example, boardwalk pipelines is subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment. such laws and regulations impose, among other things, restrictions, liabilities and obligations in connection with the generation, handling, use, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of various substances, including hazardous substances and waste in connection with spills, releases, discharges and emissions of various substances into the environment. in addition, altium packaging may be adversely affected by laws or regulations concerning environmental matters that increase the cost of producing, or otherwise adversely affect the demand for, plastic products. further, existing environmental laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof may be amended and new laws may be adopted in the future.
loss of key vendor relationships or issues relating to the transitioning of vendor relationships could result in a materially adverse effect on our and our subsidiaries' operations.
we and our subsidiaries rely on products, equipment and services provided by many third-party suppliers, manufacturers and service providers in the united states and abroad, which exposes us and them to volatility in the quality, price and availability of such items. these include, for example, vendors of computer hardware, software and services, as well as other critical materials and services (including, in the case of cna, claims administrators performing significant claims administration and adjudication functions). certain products, equipment and services may be available from a limited number of sources. if one or more key vendors becomes unable to continue to provide products, equipment or services at the requisite level for any reason, or fails to protect our proprietary information, including in some cases personal information of employees, customers, hotel guests or others, we and our subsidiaries may experience a material adverse effect on our or their business, operations and reputation.
we could incur impairment charges related to the carrying value of the long-lived assets and goodwill of our subsidiaries and our equity method investments.
our subsidiaries regularly evaluate their long-lived assets and goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. most notably, we could incur impairment charges related to the carrying value of pipeline and storage assets at boardwalk pipelines, our equity method investment in altium packaging and hotel investments owned by loews hotels & co.
we also test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that a potential impairment exists. asset impairment evaluations by us and our subsidiaries with respect to both long-lived assets and goodwill are, by nature, highly subjective. the use of different estimates and assumptions could result in materially different carrying values of our assets which could impact the need to record an impairment charge and the amount of any charge taken.
we are a holding company and derive substantially all of our income and cash flow from our subsidiaries.
we rely upon our invested cash balances and distributions from our subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet our obligations and to declare and pay any dividends to holders of our common stock. our subsidiaries are separate and independent legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to make funds available to us, whether in the form of loans, dividends or otherwise. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends is subject to, among other things, the availability of sufficient earnings and funds in such subsidiaries, applicable state laws, including in the case of the insurance subsidiaries of cna, laws and rules governing the payment of dividends by regulated insurance companies, and their compliance with covenants in their respective loan agreements. claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will generally have priority as to the assets of such subsidiaries over our claims and those of our creditors and shareholders.
we and our subsidiaries face competition for senior executives and qualified specialized talent.
we and our subsidiaries depend on the services of our key personnel, who possess skills critical to the operation of our and their businesses. our and our subsidiaries' executive management teams are highly experienced and possess extensive skills in their relevant industries. the ability to retain senior executives and to attract and retain highly skilled professionals and personnel with specialized industry and technical experience is important to our and our subsidiaries' success and future growth. competition for this talent can be intense, and we and our subsidiaries may not be successful in our efforts. the unexpected loss of the services of these individuals could have a detrimental effect on us and our subsidiaries and could hinder our and their ability to effectively compete in the various industries in which we and they operate.
increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to esg practices may impose additional costs on us and our subsidiaries or expose us and our subsidiaries to new or additional risks.
companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to their esg practices. certain influential investors in recent years have been focused on esg practices and have placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments. in addition, organizations that provide information on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to esg matters, and many of these ratings processes are inconsistent with each other. such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. regardless of the industry, investors' increased focus and activism related to esg and similar matters may hinder access to, or increase the cost of, capital, as investors may decide to reallocate capital or to not commit capital as a result of their assessment of a company's esg practices. in addition, other stakeholders, including customers, employees, suppliers, regulators and ratings agencies, have also been focused on esg matters.
companies have also increasingly been requested by stakeholders to create and publish disclosures regarding their esg practices. while we and our subsidiaries may make such disclosures from time to time, many of the statements in those disclosures may not be material and may be based on expectations and assumptions that may not be representative of actual risks or events or forecasts of expected risks or events. such expectations and assumptions are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established single approach to identifying, measuring and reporting on many esg matters.
as a holding company, our stakeholders generally focus on the esg practices across our enterprise, including those at our subsidiaries. as our subsidiaries operate in different industries, the particular esg issues that stakeholders tend to focus on differ from subsidiary to subsidiary. for instance, as a property and casualty insurer, cna's stakeholders may focus on the esg practices of companies in which cna invests, while boardwalk pipelines' stakeholders may focus on climate change and emissions from boardwalk pipelines' operations and loews hotels & co's stakeholders may focus on the carbon footprint of its properties.
companies that do not adapt to or comply with investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which are evolving, or that are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern regarding esg issues, regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so, may suffer from reputational damage and other adverse consequences. additionally, to the extent esg matters negatively impact our reputation, we may not be able to compete as effectively to recruit or retain employees, which may adversely affect our operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
overview loews corporation is a holding company and has four reportable segments comprised of three individual consolidated operating subsidiaries, cna financial corporation ("cna"), boardwalk pipeline partners, lp ("boardwalk pipelines") and loews hotels holding corporation ("loews hotels & co"); and the corporate segment. in the first quarter of 2020, diamond offshore drilling inc. ("diamond offshore") was a reportable segment; diamond offshore was deconsolidated during the second quarter of 2020. the corporate segment is primarily comprised of loews corporation, excluding its operating subsidiaries, and the operations of altium packaging llc ("altium packaging") through march 31, 2021. on april 1, 2021, loews corporation sold 47% of altium packaging to gic, singapore's sovereign wealth fund, for $420 million in cash consideration. as a result of the terms of this transaction, loews corporation shares certain participating rights with gic related to capital allocation and other decisions and was therefore required to deconsolidate altium packaging as of the date of the sale under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). subsequent to deconsolidation, loews corporation's investment in altium packaging is accounted for under the equity method of accounting, with equity income (loss) reported in operating expenses and other on the consolidated statements of operations. for further information on the deconsolidations of diamond offshore and altium packaging see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
unless the context otherwise requires, the term "company" as used herein means loews corporation including its consolidated subsidiaries, the terms "parent company," "we," "our," "us" or like terms as used herein mean loews corporation excluding its subsidiaries, the term "net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation" as used herein means net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation shareholders and the term "subsidiaries" means the loews corporation's consolidated subsidiaries.
we rely upon our invested cash balances and distributions from our subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet our obligations and to declare and pay any dividends to our shareholders. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends is subject to, among other things, the availability of sufficient earnings and funds in such subsidiaries, applicable state laws, including in the case of the insurance subsidiaries of cna, laws and rules governing the payment of dividends by regulated insurance companies (see note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8) and compliance with covenants in their respective loan agreements. claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will generally have priority as to the assets of such subsidiaries over our claims and those of our creditors and shareholders.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with item 1a, risk factors, and item 8, financial statements and supplementary data of this form 10-k. for a discussion of changes in results of operations comparing the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 for loews corporation and its subsidiaries see part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, filed with the sec on february 9, 2021.
results of operations consolidated financial results the following table summarizes net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation by segment and net income (loss) per share attributable to loews corporation for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020:
year ended december 31                                               2021                      2020
(in millions, except per share data)
cna financial                                                  $1,077                     $618
boardwalk pipelines                                               235                      206
loews hotels &amp; co                                                (14)                     (212)
corporate (a)                                                     280                       (1,067)
diamond offshore (b)                                                -                         (476)
net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation            $1,578                   $(931)
basic net income (loss) per share                               $6.08                  $(3.32)
diluted net income (loss) per share                             $6.07                  $(3.32)
(a)         includes a net investment gain of $555 million ($438 million after tax) related to the sale of 47% of altium packaging in 2021 and a net investment loss of $1.2 billion ($957 million after tax) caused by the write down of the carrying value of our interest in diamond offshore in 2020.
(b)         includes impairment charges of $774 million ($408 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) at diamond offshore in the first quarter of 2020, prior to deconsolidation.
2021 compared with 2020
net income attributable to loews corporation for 2021 was $1.6 billion, or $6.07 per share, compared to a net loss attributable to loews corporation of $931 million, or $3.32 per share, in 2020. excluding the items set forth in footnote (a) in the table above and diamond offshore's 2020 net loss in the table above, net income attributable to loews corporation for 2021 and 2020 was $1.1 billion and $502 million.
the improvement in loews corporation's results in 2021 compared to 2020 was driven by improved current accident year underwriting results, higher net investment income and investment gains in 2021 as compared to losses in 2020 for cna and the significant improvement in results for loews hotels due to the rebound in leisure travel, especially at resort destinations. boardwalk pipelines also contributed positively to loews corporation's year-over-year improvement due to higher revenues from growth projects recently placed into service. the parent company investment portfolio also generated higher gains in 2021 as compared to 2020.
44
cna financial the following table summarizes the results of operations for cna for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 as presented in note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8. for further discussion of net investment income and investment gains (losses), see the investments section of this md&a.
year ended december 31                                            2021                    2020
(in millions)
revenues:
insurance premiums                                          $8,175                   $7,649
net investment income                                        2,159                    1,935
investment gains (losses)                                      120                     (35)
non-insurance warranty revenue                               1,430                    1,252
other revenues                                                  24                       26
total                                                       11,908                   10,827
expenses:
insurance claims and policyholders' benefits                 6,349                    6,170
amortization of deferred acquisition costs                   1,443                    1,410
non-insurance warranty expense                               1,328                    1,159
other operating expenses                                     1,191                    1,125
interest                                                       113                      142
total                                                       10,424                   10,006
income before income tax                                     1,484                      821
income tax expense                                           (282)                    (131)
net income                                                   1,202                      690
amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests             (125)                     (72)
net income attributable to loews corporation                $1,077                     $618
2021 compared with 2020
net income attributable to loews corporation increased $459 million for 2021 as compared with 2020. the increase was primarily due to improved current accident year underwriting results. net catastrophe losses were $397 million ($280 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) for 2021 as compared to $550 million ($388 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) in 2020. net catastrophe losses for 2021 were driven by severe weather related events, primarily hurricane ida and winter storms uri and viola. net catastrophe losses for 2020 included $294 million related primarily to severe weather-related events, $195 million related to the covid-19 pandemic and $61 million related to civil unrest. results also reflect higher net investment income and investment gains in 2021 as compared with investment losses in 2020. higher net investment income was driven by limited partnership and common stock returns and the improvement in investment gains (losses) was driven by lower impairment losses. results for 2021 also reflect the absence of a $74 million charge ($52 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) related to the recognition of an active life reserve premium deficiency for long term care policies in 2020.
cna's property & casualty and other insurance operations cna's commercial property and casualty insurance operations ("property & casualty operations") include its specialty, commercial and international lines of business. cna's other insurance operations outside of property & casualty operations include its long term care business that is in run-off, certain corporate expenses, including interest on cna's corporate debt, and the results of certain property and casualty businesses in run-off, including cna re, asbestos and environmental pollution ("a&ep"), a legacy portfolio of excess workers' compensation ("ewc") policies and certain legacy mass tort reserves. cna's products and services are primarily marketed through independent agents, brokers and managing general underwriters to a wide variety of customers, including small, medium and large businesses, insurance companies, associations, professionals and other groups. we believe the presentation of cna as one reportable segment is appropriate in accordance with applicable accounting standards on segment reporting. however, for purposes of this discussion and analysis of the results of operations, we provide greater detail with respect to cna's property & casualty operations and other insurance operations to enhance the reader's understanding and to provide further transparency into key drivers of cna's financial results.
effective january 1, 2021, and in connection with the ceding of certain legacy reserves under a retroactive reinsurance agreement executed in february 2021, cna changed the presentation of a legacy portfolio of excess workers' compensation policies relating to business written in 2007 and prior. this business, which was previously reported as part of the commercial business, is now reported as part of the other insurance operations business. for further information on this retroactive reinsurance agreement see note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8. in addition, a determination was made to change the presentation of certain legacy mass tort reserves. similar to the aforementioned excess workers' compensation legacy business, these legacy mass tort reserves were previously reported in the commercial business and are now reported as part of the other insurance operations business. these changes were made to better reflect the manner in which cna is organized for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing performance. prior period information has been conformed to the new presentation.
in assessing its insurance operations, cna utilizes the core income (loss) financial measure. core income (loss) is calculated by excluding from net income (loss), investment gains or losses and any cumulative effects of changes in accounting guidance. in addition, core income (loss) excludes the effects of noncontrolling interests. the calculation of core income (loss) excludes investment gains or losses because investment gains or losses are generally driven by economic factors that are not necessarily reflective of cna's primary insurance operations. core income (loss) is deemed to be a non-gaap financial measure and management believes this measure is useful for investors to evaluate its insurance operations. please see the non-gaap reconciliation of core income (loss) to net income (loss) that follows in this md&a.
property & casualty operations in evaluating the results of property & casualty operations, cna utilizes the loss ratio, the loss ratio excluding catastrophes and development, the expense ratio, the dividend ratio, the combined ratio and the combined ratio excluding catastrophes and development. these ratios are calculated using gaap financial results. the loss ratio is the percentage of net incurred claim and claim adjustment expenses to net earned premiums. the loss ratio excluding catastrophes and development excludes net catastrophes losses and changes in estimates of claim and claim adjustment expense reserves, net of reinsurance, for prior years from the loss ratio. the expense ratio is the percentage of insurance underwriting and acquisition expenses, including the amortization of deferred acquisition costs, to net earned premiums. the dividend ratio is the ratio of policyholders' dividends incurred to net earned premiums. the combined ratio is the sum of the loss, expense and dividend ratios. the combined ratio excluding catastrophes and development is the sum of the loss ratio excluding catastrophes and development, the expense ratio and the dividend ratio. in addition, renewal premium change, rate, retention and new business are also utilized in evaluating operating trends. renewal premium change represents the estimated change in average premium on policies that renew, including rate and exposure changes. rate represents the average change in price on policies that renew excluding exposure change. for certain products within small business, where quantifiable, rate includes the influence of new business as well. exposure represents the measure of risk used in the pricing of the insurance product. retention represents the percentage of premium dollars renewed in comparison to the expiring premium dollars from policies available to renew. renewal premium change, rate and retention presented for the prior year are updated to reflect subsequent activity on policies written in the period. new business represents premiums from policies written with new customers and additional policies written with existing customers. gross written premiums, excluding third-party captives, excludes business which is ceded to third-party captives, including business related to large warranty programs.
the following tables summarize the results of cna's property & casualty operations for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020.
year ended december 31, 2021                          specialty                    commercial                 international                    total
(in millions, except %)
gross written premiums                             $7,665                        $4,445                       $1,297                     $13,407
gross written premiums excluding third-
party captives                                      3,672                         4,334                        1,297                       9,303
net written premiums                                3,225                         3,595                        1,101                       7,921
net earned premiums                                 3,076                         3,552                        1,057                       7,685
net investment income                                 497                           624                           57                       1,178
core income                                           704                           394                           86                       1,184
other performance metrics:
loss ratio excluding catastrophes and development                                      59.1     %                    61.0     %                   59.0      %                 60.0   %
effect of catastrophe impacts                         0.4                          10.0                          2.6                         5.1
effect of development-related items                 (1.4)                           0.5                          0.1                       (0.3)
loss ratio                                           58.1     %                    71.5     %                   61.7      %                 64.8   %
expense ratio                                        30.5                          31.1                         33.1                        31.1
dividend ratio                                        0.1                           0.5                                                      0.3
combined ratio                                       88.7     %                   103.1     %                   94.8      %                 96.2   %
combined ratio excluding catastrophes and development                                      89.7     %                    92.6     %                   92.1      %                 91.4   %
rate                                                   11     %                       7     %                     13      %                    9   %
renewal premium change                                 11                             8                           13                          10
retention                                              83                            82                           78                          82
new business                                         $551                          $843                         $274                      $1,668
year ended december 31, 2020
gross written premiums                             $7,180                      $4,086                      $1,133                     $12,399
gross written premiums excluding third-
party captives                                      3,296                       3,993                       1,133                       8,422
net written premiums                                3,040                       3,565                         961                       7,566
net earned premiums                                 2,883                       3,323                         940                       7,146
net investment income                                 449                         513                          58                       1,020
core income                                           535                         267                          38                         840
other performance metrics:
loss ratio excluding catastrophes and development                                      59.9   %                    60.4   %                    60.1   %                    60.2   %
effect of catastrophe impacts                         4.3                        10.7                         7.1                         7.7
effect of development-related items                 (2.1)                         0.5                       (0.3)                       (0.7)
loss ratio                                           62.1   %                    71.6   %                    66.9   %                    67.2   %
expense ratio                                        31.3                        33.0                        35.5                        32.6
dividend ratio                                        0.1                         0.5                                                     0.3
combined ratio                                       93.5   %                   105.1   %                   102.4   %                   100.1   %
combined ratio excluding catastrophes and development                                      91.3   %                    93.9   %                    95.6   %                    93.1   %
rate                                                   12   %                      10   %                      14   %                      11   %
renewal premium change                                 13                          10                          12                          11
retention                                              86                          84                          73                          83
new business                                         $389                        $761                        $245                      $1,395
2021 compared with 2020
gross written premiums, excluding third-party captives, for specialty increased $376 million in 2021 as compared with 2020 driven by rate and higher new business. net written premiums for specialty increased $185 million in 2021 as compared with 2020. the increase in net earned premiums in 2021 was consistent with the trend in net written premiums for specialty.
gross written premiums for commercial increased $359 million in 2021 as compared with 2020 driven by rate and higher new business. net written premiums for commercial increased $30 million in 2021 as compared with 2020. net written premiums for 2021 were unfavorably impacted by the june 1, 2021 written premium catch-up resulting from the addition of the quota share treaty to the property reinsurance program. excluding the impact of the june 1, 2021 written premium catch-up, net written premiums increased $142 million for 2021 as compared with 2020. net earned premiums for commercial increased $229 million in 2021 as compared with 2020. the increase in net earned premiums for 2021 was partially impacted by a reduction in estimated audit premiums related to covid-19 in 2020 for commercial.
gross written premiums for international increased $164 million in 2021 as compared with 2020. excluding the effect of foreign currency exchange rates, gross written premiums increased $104 million driven by rate and higher new business. net written premiums for international increased $140 million in 2021 as compared with 2020. excluding the effect of foreign currency exchange rates, net written premiums increased $85 million in 2021 as compared with 2020. the increase in net earned premiums in 2021 as compared with 2020 was consistent with the trend in net written premiums for international.
core income increased $344 million in 2021 as compared with 2020 primarily due to improved current accident year underwriting results and higher net investment income driven by limited partnership and common stock returns.
total net catastrophe losses were $397 million in 2021 as compared with $550 million in 2020. for 2021 and 2020 specialty had net catastrophe losses of $12 million and $125 million, commercial had net catastrophe losses of $358 million in both years and international had net catastrophe losses of $27 million and $67 million.
favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $49 million and $70 million was recorded in 2021 and 2020. in 2021 and 2020, specialty recorded favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $45 million and $61 million, commercial recorded favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $6 million and $7 million and international recorded unfavorable net prior year loss reserve development of $2 million as compared with favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $2 million. further information on net prior year loss reserve development is included in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
specialty's combined ratio improved 4.8 points in 2021 as compared with 2020 primarily due to a 4.0 point improvement in the loss ratio and a 0.8 point improvement in the expense ratio. the improvement in the loss ratio was primarily due to lower net catastrophe losses, which were 0.4 points of the loss ratio in 2021, as compared with 4.3 points of the loss ratio in 2020. the improvement in the expense ratio was driven by higher net earned premiums.
commercial's combined ratio improved 2.0 points in 2021 as compared with 2020 primarily due to a 1.9 point improvement in the expense ratio. the improvement in the expense ratio was primarily due to higher net earned premiums and lower acquisition costs. net catastrophe losses were 10.0 points of the loss ratio in 2021, as compared with 10.7 points of the loss ratio in 2020.
international's combined ratio improved 7.6 points in 2021 as compared with 2020 due to a 5.2 point improvement in the loss ratio and a 2.4 point improvement in the expense ratio. the improvement in the loss ratio was driven by lower net catastrophe losses, which were 2.6 points of the loss ratio in 2021, as compared with 7.1 points of the loss ratio in 2020, and improved non-catastrophe current accident year underwriting results. the improvement in the expense ratio was driven by lower acquisition costs.
other insurance operations the following table summarizes the results of cna's other insurance operations for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020.
years ended december 31              2021                  2020
(in millions)
net earned premiums              $491                   $504
net investment income             981                    915
core loss                        (78)                  (105)
2021 compared with 2020
core results improved $27 million in 2021 as compared with 2020 primarily due to higher net investment income driven by limited partnership returns. core results in 2021 included a $31 million favorable impact from the reduction in long term care claim reserves resulting from the annual claim reserve reviews in the third quarter of 2021. core results in 2020 included a $59 million charge related to the recognition of an active life reserve premium deficiency for long term care policies. the results for 2020 also included a $36 million charge related to an increase in the structured settlement claim reserves, partially offset by a $30 million favorable impact from the reduction in long term care claim reserves, both resulting from the annual claim reserve reviews in the third quarter of 2020.
core results for 2021 also included expenses related to the march 2021 cybersecurity attack, the recognition of a $12 million loss resulting from the legacy excess workers' compensation loss portfolio transfer ("ewc lpt") and higher unfavorable net prior year loss reserve development on legacy mass tort exposures as compared with 2020. the application of retroactive reinsurance accounting to additional cessions to the a&ep loss portfolio transfer ("lpt") in both periods resulted in charges of $25 million and $5 million in 2021 and 2020, which have no economic impact. for further information on the a&ep lpt, ewc lpt and net prior year loss reserve development see note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
non-gaap reconciliation of core income to net income the following table reconciles core income to net income attributable to loews corporation for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020:
year ended december 31                                                        2021                  2020
(in millions)
core income (loss):
property &amp; casualty operations                                      $1,184                   $840
other insurance operations                                                (78)                  (105)
total core income                                                        1,106                    735
investment gains (losses)                                                   96                   (30)
consolidating adjustments including noncontrolling interests             (125)                   (87)
net income attributable to loews corporation                            $1,077                   $618
boardwalk pipelines overview boardwalk pipelines operates in the midstream portion of the natural gas and natural gas liquids ("ngls") industry, providing transportation and storage for those commodities. boardwalk pipelines is not in the business of buying and selling natural gas and ngls other than for system management purposes, but changes in natural gas and ngls prices may impact the volumes of natural gas or ngls transported and stored by customers on its systems. due to the capital-intensive nature of its business, boardwalk pipelines' operating costs and expenses typically do not vary significantly based upon the amount of products transported, with the exception of costs recorded in fuel and transportation expense, which are netted with fuel retained on our consolidated statements of operations. for further information on boardwalk pipelines' revenue recognition policies see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
firm agreements a substantial portion of boardwalk pipelines' transportation and storage capacity is contracted for under firm agreements. for the year ended december 31, 2021, approximately 89% of boardwalk pipelines' revenues were derived from capacity reservation fees under firm contracts. the table below shows a rollforward of operating revenues under committed firm agreements in place as of december 31, 2020 to december 31, 2021, including agreements for transportation, storage and other services, over the remaining term of those agreements:
as of december 31, 2021
(in millions)
total projected operating revenues under committed firm agreements as of december 31, 2020            $9,450
adjustments for:
actual revenues recognized from firm agreements in 2021 (a)                                          (1,180)
firm agreements entered into in 2021                                                                     790
total projected operating revenues under committed firm agreements as of december 31, 2021            $9,060
(a)reflects an increase of $70 million in boardwalk pipelines' actual 2021 revenues recognized from fixed fees under firm agreements as compared with its expected 2021 revenues from fixed fees under firm agreements, including agreements for transportation, storage and other services as of december 31, 2020, primarily due to an increase from contract renewals that occurred in 2021.
during 2021, boardwalk pipelines entered into $790 million of new firm agreements, of which approximately 28% were from new growth projects executed in 2021. for firm agreements associated with new growth projects, the associated assets may not be placed into commercial service until sometime in the future. each year a portion of boardwalk pipelines' firm transportation and storage agreements expire. the rates boardwalk pipelines is able to charge customers are heavily influenced by market trends (both short and longer term), including the available supply, geographical location of natural gas production, the competition between producing basins, competition with other pipelines for supply and markets, the demand for gas by end-users such as power plants, petrochemical facilities and lng export facilities and the price differentials between the gas supplies and the market demand for the gas (basis differentials). as of december 31, 2021, boardwalk pipelines' top ten customers holding firm capacity under firm agreements comprised approximately 39% of its total projected operating revenues. additionally, the credit profile associated with boardwalk pipelines' customers comprising the total projected operating revenues under firm agreements as of december 31, 2021 was 74% rated as investment grade, 10% rated as non-investment grade and 16% not rated.
pipeline system maintenance boardwalk pipelines incurs substantial costs for ongoing maintenance of its pipeline systems and related facilities, including those incurred for pipeline integrity management activities, equipment overhauls, general upkeep and repairs. these costs are not dependent on the amount of revenues earned from its transportation services. phmsa has developed regulations that require transportation pipeline operators to implement integrity management programs to comprehensively evaluate certain high risk areas, known as hcas, and mcas, along pipelines and take additional safety measures to protect people and property in these areas. the hcas for natural gas pipelines are predicated on high-population density areas (which, for natural gas transmission lines, include class 3 and 4 areas and, depending on the potential impacts of a risk event, may include class 1 and 2 areas) whereas hcas along boardwalk pipelines' ngl pipelines are based on high-population density areas, areas near certain drinking water sources and unusually sensitive ecological areas. these regulations have resulted in an overall increase in boardwalk pipelines' ongoing maintenance costs, including maintenance capital and maintenance expense. in 2019, phmsa issued the first part of its gas mega rule, which became effective on july 1, 2020. this regulation imposed numerous requirements, including maop reconfirmation through re-verification of all historical records for pipelines in service, which re-certification process may require natural gas pipelines installed before 1970 (previously excluded from certain pressure testing obligations) to be pressure tested, the periodic assessment of additional pipeline mileage outside of hcas (in mcas as well as class 3 and class 4 areas), the reporting of exceedances of maop and the consideration of seismicity as a risk factor in integrity management. in 2021, phmsa issued a final rule that will impose safety regulations related to onshore gas gathering lines and in june 2021, phmsa issued an advisory bulletin advising pipeline and pipeline facility operators of applicable requirements to update their inspection and maintenance plans for the elimination of hazardous leaks and minimization of natural gas released from pipeline facilities. phmsa, together with state regulators, is expected to commence inspection of these plans in 2022. it is expected that these new rules will cause boardwalk pipelines to incur increased capital and operating costs, experience operational delays and result in potential adverse impacts to its ability to reliably serve its customers as described under item 1a. risk factors of this report.
maintenance costs may be capitalized or expensed, depending on the nature of the activities. for any given reporting period, the mix of projects that boardwalk pipelines undertakes will affect the amounts we record as property, plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheets or recognize as expenses, which impacts earnings. in 2022, boardwalk pipelines expects to spend approximately $400 million to maintain its pipeline systems and to comply with new regulatory initiatives previously mentioned, of which approximately $155 million is expected to be maintenance capital. in 2021, boardwalk pipelines spent $381 million to maintain its pipeline systems, of which $154 million was recorded as maintenance capital.
results of operations the following table summarizes the results of operations for boardwalk pipelines for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 as presented in note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8:
year ended december 31                                      2021                    2020
(in millions)
revenues:
operating revenues and other                          $1,349                   $1,302
total                                                  1,349                    1,302
expenses:
operating and other                                      885                      855
interest                                                 161                      170
total                                                  1,046                    1,025
income before income tax                                 303                      277
income tax expense                                      (68)                     (71)
net income attributable to loews corporation            $235                     $206
2021 compared with 2020
total revenues increased $47 million in 2021 as compared with 2020. including the effect of items in fuel and transportation expense and excluding net proceeds of approximately $34 million in 2020 as a result of drawing on a letter of credit due to a customer bankruptcy in 2020, operating revenues increased $77 million primarily driven by recently completed growth projects and higher utilization based revenues due to higher volumes.
operating expenses increased $30 million in 2021 as compared with 2020. excluding items offset with operating revenues, operating expenses increased $26 million, primarily due to an increase in maintenance project costs and an increased asset base from recently completed growth projects. interest expense decreased $9 million in 2021 as compared with 2020 primarily due to lower interest rates and lower average outstanding long term debt balances.
51
loews hotels & co the following table summarizes the results of operations for loews hotels & co for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 as presented in note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8:
year ended december 31                                    2021                    2020
(in millions)
revenues:
operating revenue                                     $337                     $167
other revenues                                          47                       37
revenues related to reimbursable expenses               96                       74
total                                                  480                      278
expenses:
operating and other:
operating                                              334                      273
asset impairments                                       10                       36
reimbursable expenses                                   96                       74
depreciation                                            63                       63
equity (income) loss from joint ventures              (47)                       73
interest                                                36                       33
total                                                  492                      552
loss before income tax                                (12)                    (274)
income tax (expense) benefit                           (2)                       62
net loss attributable to loews corporation           $(14)                   $(212)
2021 compared with 2020
loews hotels & co's results have been significantly impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. by april 2020, most hotel properties owned and/or operated by loews hotels & co had temporarily suspended operations. these hotel properties gradually resumed operations at various times, culminating with all hotels having resumed operations by june 30, 2021. during 2021, overall occupancy rates gradually improved, with hotel properties located in resort destinations improving sooner than hotel properties located in city centers. however, occupancy levels have not reached pre-pandemic levels at many hotels owned and/or operated by loews hotels & co, and business in certain markets continues to be adversely impacted by covid-19 variants.
operating revenues improved by $170 million and operating expenses increased by $61 million in 2021 as compared with 2020. this comparison is impacted by robust pre-pandemic business levels prior to mid-march 2020 followed by results that were significantly depressed by the pandemic for the remainder of 2020. through 2021, occupancy levels have gradually increased leading to improved revenues at all hotel properties, particularly those in resort areas, with operating expense also increasing to support the increased demand levels. as all properties have not resumed all levels of pre-pandemic service offerings, hotel operating expense, including staffing levels, will continue to increase as those resume.
equity (income) loss from joint ventures improved $120 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, driven by the resumption of operations and associated occupancy improvements primarily at joint venture hotels in resort destinations.
loews hotels & co considers events or changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying amount of its assets may not be recoverable. in 2021 and 2020, loews hotels & co recorded impairment charges of $10 million and $36 million to reduce the carrying value of certain assets to their estimated fair value.
other revenues for 2021 included $39 million related to the one-time acceleration of government grant payments, used to retire outstanding debt of an owned hotel prior to maturity and cover certain prepayment costs, and net gains of $8 million
52
related primarily to the sale of undeveloped land. other revenues for 2020 included gains of $37 million related to the sales of an owned hotel and an office building.
interest expense for 2021 increased $3 million as compared with 2020 primarily due to the write off of unamortized issuance costs and the prepayment premium associated with the debt retirement mentioned above.
corporate corporate operations consist primarily of investment income, interest expense and administrative costs at the parent company. investment income includes earnings on cash and short term investments held at the parent company to meet current and future liquidity needs, as well as results of the trading portfolio held at the parent company. corporate also includes the operating results of altium packaging through march 31, 2021 and the equity method accounting for altium packaging beginning on april 1, 2021, as a result of the sale of 47% of altium packaging and the resulting deconsolidation. see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8 for further information.
the following table summarizes the results of operations for corporate for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 as presented in note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8:
year ended december 31                                             2021                      2020
(in millions)
revenues:
net investment income                                           $99                        $59
investment gains (losses)                                       540                    (1,211)
operating revenues and other                                    281                      1,023
total                                                           920                      (129)
expenses:
operating and other                                             399                      1,098
interest                                                        114                        127
total                                                           513                      1,225
income (loss) before income tax                                 407                    (1,354)
income tax (expense) benefit                                  (127)                        287
net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation            $280                   $(1,067)
2021 compared with 2020
net investment income for the parent company increased $40 million in 2021 as compared with 2020 primarily due to improved results from equity based investments, partially offset by lower average yields on short term investments.
investment gains of $540 million in 2021 were primarily due to a gain of $555 million ($438 million after tax) on the sale of 47% of altium packaging. investment losses of $1.2 billion ($957 million after tax) for 2020 was due to the loss recognized upon deconsolidation of diamond offshore as a result of its chapter 11 filing.
operating revenues and other for 2021 include altium packaging revenues of $280 million prior to its deconsolidation on april 1, 2021 and $1,022 million for 2020.
operating and other expenses decreased in 2021 as compared with 2020 primarily due to the deconsolidation of altium packaging on april 1, 2021. operating and other expenses for altium packaging were $300 million in 2021 and $992 million in 2020. operating and other expenses also include legal and other corporate overhead expenses at the parent company.
interest expenses decreased $13 million in 2021 as compared with 2020, primarily due to the deconsolidation of altium packaging on april 1, 2021, partially offset by the may 2020 issuance of the parent company's $500 million 3.2% senior notes and a charge of approximately $14 million to write off debt issuance costs for the early retirement of debt at altium packaging in the first quarter of  2021.
income tax expense includes the recognition of a $40 million deferred tax liability related to the sale of altium packaging.
diamond offshore amounts presented for diamond offshore for 2020 only include the period through its deconsolidation on april 26, 2020. contract drilling revenues and contract drilling expenses were $287 million and $254 million for this 2020 period. results for 2020 also include an aggregate asset impairment charge of $774 million ($408 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) recognized in the first quarter of 2020. for more information on the deconsolidation of diamond offshore see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8 for further information.
liquidity and capital resources parent company parent company cash and investments, net of receivables and payables, totaled $3.4 billion at december 31, 2021 as compared to $3.5 billion at december 31, 2020. in 2021, we received $853 million in cash dividends from our subsidiaries, including a special cash dividend of $182 million from cna and a $199 million cash dividend from altium packaging in connection with a debt recapitalization prior to its deconsolidation on april 1, 2021. cash outflows in 2021 included the payment of $1.1 billion to fund treasury stock purchases, $65 million of cash dividends to our shareholders and $32 million of cash contributions to loews hotels & co. on april 1, 2021, we sold 47% of altium packaging to gic and received $420 million in cash consideration. in march of 2022, we will receive cash dividends of $584 million from cna. as a holding company we depend on dividends from our subsidiaries and returns on our investment portfolio to fund our obligations. we also have an effective shelf registration statement on file with the securities and exchange commission ("sec") registering the future sale of an unlimited amount of our debt and equity securities from time to time. we are not responsible for the liabilities and obligations of our subsidiaries and there are no parent company guarantees.
depending on market and other conditions, we may purchase our shares and shares of our subsidiaries outstanding common stock in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. in 2021, we purchased 21.1 million shares of loews corporation common stock. as of february 4, 2022, we had purchased an additional 0.2 million shares of loews corporation common stock in 2022 at an aggregate cost of $14 million. as of february 4, 2022, there were 248,202,443 shares of loews corporation common stock outstanding.
loews corporation has a corporate credit and senior debt rating of a with a stable outlook from s&p global ratings ("s&p"), a senior debt rating of a3 with a stable outlook from moody's investors service ("moody's") and a senior debt rating of a with a stable outlook from fitch ratings inc. ("fitch").
future uses of our cash may include investing in our subsidiaries, new acquisitions, dividends and/or repurchases of our and our subsidiaries' outstanding common stock. the declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on many factors, including our earnings, financial condition and business needs.
subsidiaries cna's cash provided by operating activities was $2.0 billion in 2021 and $1.8 billion in 2020. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was driven by an increase in net premiums collected and lower net claim payments, which were impacted by a slowdown in court dockets. these items were partially offset by the payment of the ewc lpt premium. for further information on the ewc lpt see note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
cna paid cash dividends of $2.27 per share on its common stock, including a special cash dividend of $0.75 per share in 2021. on february 4, 2022, cna's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per share and a special cash dividend of $2.00 per share payable march 10, 2022 to shareholders of record on february 22, 2022. cna's declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of its board of directors and will depend on many factors, including cna's earnings, financial condition, business needs and regulatory constraints. the payment of dividends by cna's insurance subsidiaries without prior approval of the insurance department of each subsidiary's domiciliary jurisdiction is limited by formula. dividends in excess of these amounts are subject to prior approval by the respective state insurance departments.
dividends from continental casualty company ("ccc"), a subsidiary of cna, are subject to the insurance holding company laws of the state of illinois, the domiciliary state of ccc. under these laws, ordinary dividends, or dividends that do not require prior approval by the illinois department of insurance (the "department"), are determined based on the greater of the prior year's statutory net income or 10% of statutory surplus as of the end of the prior year, as well as the timing and amount of dividends paid in the preceding 12 months. additionally, ordinary dividends may only be paid from earned surplus, which is calculated by removing unrealized gains from unassigned surplus. as of december 31, 2021, ccc was in a positive earned surplus position. the maximum allowable dividend ccc could pay during 2022 that would not be subject to the department's prior approval is $1.2 billion, less dividends paid during the preceding twelve months measured at that point in time. ccc paid dividends of $880 million in 2021. the actual level of dividends paid in any year is determined after an assessment of available dividend capacity, holding company liquidity and cash needs as well as the impact the dividends will have on the statutory surplus of the applicable insurance company.
cna has a financial strength rating of a and senior debt rating of bbb+ from a.m. best company ("a.m. best"), a financial strength rating of a2 and senior debt rating of baa2 from moody's, a financial strength rating of a+ and senior debt rating of a- from s&p and financial strength rating of a+ and senior debt rating of bbb+ from fitch. a.m. best, moody's, s&p and fitch maintain stable outlooks across cna's financial strength and senior debt credit ratings.
cna has an effective shelf registration statement on file with the sec under which it may publicly issue debt, equity or hybrid securities from time to time.
boardwalk pipelines' cash provided by operating activities decreased $12 million in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the timing of receivables partially offset by the change in net income.
for 2021 and 2020, boardwalk pipelines' capital expenditures were $349 million and $438 million, consisting primarily of a combination of growth and maintenance capital. boardwalk pipelines expects total capital expenditures to be approximately $360 million in 2022, including approximately $155 million for maintenance capital and $205 million related to growth projects.
boardwalk pipelines anticipates that its existing capital resources, including its revolving credit facility and cash flows from operating activities, will be adequate to fund its operations and capital expenditures for 2022. boardwalk pipelines may seek to access the debt markets to fund some or all capital expenditures for growth projects, acquisitions, to refinance maturing debt or for general corporate purposes. boardwalk pipelines has $300 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of its 4.0% notes maturing in june of 2022, which it expects to retire near or at maturity through available capital resources, including using available cash, borrowing under its revolving credit facility or publicly issuing debt securities. boardwalk pipelines has an effective shelf registration statement on file with the sec under which it may publicly issue debt securities, warrants or rights from time to time.
in december of 2021, boardwalk pipelines paid a distribution of $102 million to the company.
boardwalk pipelines has a senior debt rating of bbb- with a stable outlook from s&p, a senior debt rating of baa3 with a stable outlook from moody's and a senior debt rating of bbb- with a positive outlook from fitch.
certain of the hotels wholly or partially owned by subsidiaries of loews hotels & co are financed by debt facilities, with a number of different lenders. each of the loan agreements underlying these facilities contain a variety of financial and operational covenants. as a result of the impacts of covid-19, loews hotels & co has proactively requested certain lenders, where applicable, to (1) temporarily waive certain covenants to avoid an event of default and/or further restriction of the hotel's cash balances through the establishment of lockboxes and other measures; (2) temporarily allow funds previously restricted directly or indirectly under the hotel's underlying loan agreement for the renewal, replacement and addition of building improvements, furniture and fixtures to be used instead for hotel operations and maintenance; and/or (3) defer certain interest and/or principal payments while the hotels operations were temporarily suspended or significantly impacted by a decline in occupancy. loews hotels & co also continues to work with lenders on loans that are being reviewed for extension. these discussions with lenders are ongoing and may require loews hotels & co to make principal paydowns, establish restricted cash reserves or provide guaranties of a subsidiary's debt to otherwise avoid an event of default. through the date of this report, none of loews hotels & co's subsidiaries is in default on any of its loans.
as of december 31, 2021, loews hotels & co has loans that mature within twelve months and is actively working with lenders to refinance $93 million in current maturities of long-term debt.
in october 2021 loews hotels & co announced the development of the loews arlington hotel and convention center in arlington, texas. the hotel, for which loews hotels & co will serve as manager and hold a majority equity interest, is expected to open in early 2024 with approximately 888 guestrooms and over 250,000 square feet of function space. the approximately $550 million hotel project will be funded initially through a mix of partner contributions before drawing on a $300 million construction loan in the second half of 2022. based on the timing of construction relative to the seasonality of loews hotels & co's business and restrictions on certain cash held by loews hotels & co, a loews corporation capital contribution may be required to fund all or part loews hotels & co's partner contributions.
in 2021, loews hotels & co received capital contributions of $32 million from loews corporation.
contractual obligations we and our subsidiaries have contractual obligations which arise in the ordinary course of business. for a discussion regarding the obligations related to our and our subsidiaries long term debt see note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8. for contractual payment obligations related to the claim and claim adjustment expense reserves and future policy benefit reserves see the table below:
payments due by period december 31, 2021                         total                    less than 1 year                       1-3 years                  3-5 years            more than
5 years
(in millions)
claim and claim adjustment expense reserves (a)                              $24,955                  $6,015                              $6,719                     $3,401                  $8,820
future policy benefit reserves (b)        25,581                   (301)                   158                                       909                  24,815
(a)the claim and claim adjustment expense reserves reflected above are not discounted and represent cna's estimate of the amount and timing of the ultimate settlement and administration of gross claims based on its assessment of facts and circumstances known as of december 31, 2021. see the insurance reserves section of this md&a for further information.
(b)the future policy benefit reserves reflected above are not discounted and represent cna's estimate of the ultimate amount and timing of the settlement of benefits net of expected premiums, and are based on its assessment of facts and circumstances known as of december 31, 2021. additional information on future policy benefit reserves is included in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
further information on our commitments, contingencies and guarantees is provided in the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
investments investment activities of our non-insurance subsidiaries primarily consist of investments in fixed income securities, including short term investments. the parent company portfolio also includes equity securities, including short sales and derivative instruments, and investments in limited partnerships. certain of these types of investments generally have greater volatility, less liquidity and greater risk than fixed income investments and are included within results of operations - corporate.
the parent company enters into short sales and invests in certain derivative instruments that are used for asset and liability management activities, income enhancements to its portfolio management strategy and to benefit from anticipated future movements in the underlying markets. if such movements do not occur as anticipated, then significant losses may occur. monitoring procedures include senior management review of daily reports of existing positions and valuation fluctuations to seek to ensure that open positions are consistent with the portfolio strategy.
credit exposure associated with non-performance by counterparties to derivative instruments is generally limited to the uncollateralized change in fair value of the derivative instruments recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. the risk of non-performance is mitigated by monitoring the creditworthiness of counterparties and diversifying derivatives by using multiple counterparties. collateral is occasionally required from derivative investment counterparties depending on the amount of the exposure and the credit rating of the counterparty.
insurance cna maintains a large portfolio of fixed maturity and equity securities, including large amounts of corporate and government issued debt securities, residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, other asset-backed securities and investments in limited partnerships which pursue a variety of long and short investment strategies across a broad array
56
of asset classes. cna's investment portfolio supports its obligation to pay future insurance claims and provides investment returns which are an important part of cna's overall profitability.
net investment income the significant components of cna's net investment income are presented in the following table. fixed income securities, as presented, include both fixed maturity securities and non-redeemable preferred stock.
year ended december 31                                            2021                    2020
(in millions)
fixed income securities:
taxable fixed income securities                             $1,439                   $1,451
tax-exempt fixed income securities                             311                      319
total fixed income securities                                1,750                    1,770
limited partnership and common stock investments               402                      144
other, net of investment expense                                 7                       21
net investment income                                       $2,159                   $1,935
effective income yield for the fixed income securities portfolio                                                          4.3   %            4.5   %
limited partnership and common stock return                       22.3   %            8.3   %
cna's net investment income increased $224 million in 2021 as compared with 2020 driven by higher limited partnership and common stock returns partially offset by lower yields in the fixed income portfolio.
57
investment gains (losses)
the components of cna's investment gains (losses) are presented in the following table:
year ended december 31                                                   2021                  2020
(in millions)
investment gains (losses):
fixed maturity securities:
corporate and other bonds                                            $134                  $(71)
states, municipalities and political subdivisions                                             40
asset-backed                                                         (38)                     31
total fixed maturity securities                                        96                      -
non-redeemable preferred stock                                          4                    (3)
short term and other                                                   20                   (32)
total investment gains (losses)                                       120                   (35)
income tax (expense) benefit                                         (24)                      5
amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests                     (10)                      3
investment gains (losses) attributable to loews corporation           $86                  $(27)
cna's investment gains (losses) improved $155 million in 2021 as compared with 2020, driven by lower impairment losses.
further information on cna's investment gains and losses is set forth in note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
portfolio quality the following table presents the estimated fair value and net unrealized gains (losses) of cna's fixed maturity securities by rating distribution:
december 31, 2021                                                          december 31, 2020
estimated fair value                   net unrealized gains (losses)       estimated fair value                   net unrealized gains (losses)
(in millions)
u.s. government, government agencies and government-sponsored enterprises                         $2,600                                          $42                        $3,672                                         $117
aaa                                                       3,784                                          360                         3,627                                          454
aa                                                        7,665                                          823                         7,159                                        1,012
a                                                         9,511                                        1,087                         9,543                                        1,390
bbb                                                      18,458                                        2,043                        18,007                                        2,596
non-investment grade                                      2,362                                           91                         2,623                                          149
total                                                   $44,380                                       $4,446                       $44,631                                       $5,718
as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, 1% of cna's fixed maturity portfolio was rated internally. aaa rated securities included $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion of pre-refunded municipal bonds as of december 31, 2021 and 2020.
58
the following table presents cna's available-for-sale fixed maturity securities in a gross unrealized loss position by ratings distribution:
december 31, 2021                                   estimated fair value                gross unrealized losses
(in millions)
u.s. government, government agencies and government-sponsored enterprises                           $898                                    $8
aaa                                                         368                                     6
aa                                                          875                                    17
a                                                         1,516                                    23
bbb                                                       1,812                                    42
non-investment grade                                        596                                    16
total                                                    $6,065                                  $112
the following table presents the maturity profile for these available-for-sale fixed maturity securities. securities not due to mature on a single date are allocated based on weighted average life:
december 31, 2021                                estimated fair value                gross unrealized losses
(in millions)
due in one year or less                                 $144                                    $4
due after one year through five years                  1,191                                    22
due after five years through ten years                 2,803                                    44
due after ten years                                    1,927                                    42
total                                                 $6,065                                  $112
duration a primary objective in the management of cna's investment portfolio is to optimize return relative to the corresponding liabilities and respective liquidity needs. cna's views on the current interest rate environment, tax regulations, asset class valuations, specific security issuer and broader industry segment conditions as well as domestic and global economic conditions, are some of the factors that enter into an investment decision. cna also continually monitors exposure to issuers of securities held and broader industry sector exposures and may from time to time adjust such exposures based on its views of a specific issuer or industry sector.
a further consideration in the management of cna's investment portfolio is the characteristics of the corresponding liabilities and the ability to align the duration of the portfolio to those liabilities and to meet future liquidity needs, minimize interest rate risk and maintain a level of income sufficient to support the underlying insurance liabilities. for portfolios where future liability cash flows are determinable and typically long term in nature, cna segregates investments for asset/liability management purposes. the segregated investments support the long term care and structured settlement liabilities in other insurance operations.
the effective durations of cna's fixed income securities and short term investments are presented in the following table. amounts presented are net of payable and receivable amounts for securities purchased and sold, but not yet settled.
december 31, 2021                                              december 31, 2020
estimated                   effective duration (years)         estimated                   effective duration (years)
fair value                                                     fair value
(in millions of dollars)
investments supporting other insurance operations                                     $18,458                                                9.2     $18,518                                                9.2
other investments                               28,915                                                4.9      28,839                                                4.5
total                                          $47,373                                                6.6     $47,357                                                6.3
cna's investment portfolio is periodically analyzed for changes in duration and related price risk. certain securities have duration characteristics that are variable based on market interest rates, credit spreads and other factors that may drive variability in the amount and timing of cash flows. additionally, cna periodically reviews the sensitivity of the portfolio to the level of foreign exchange rates and other factors that contribute to market price changes. a summary of these risks and specific analysis on changes is included in the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk included under item 7a.
insurance reserves the level of reserves cna maintains represents its best estimate, as of a particular point in time, of what the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost based on cna's assessment of facts and circumstances known at that time. reserves are not an exact calculation of liability but instead are complex estimates that cna derives, generally utilizing a variety of actuarial reserve estimation techniques, from numerous assumptions and expectations about future events, both internal and external, many of which are highly uncertain. as noted below, cna reviews its reserves for each segment of its business periodically, and any such review could result in the need to increase reserves in amounts which could be material and could adversely affect our results of operations and equity and cna's equity, business and insurer financial strength and corporate debt ratings. further information on reserves is provided in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
property and casualty claim and claim adjustment expense reserves cna maintains loss reserves to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, including the estimated cost of the claims adjudication process, for claims that have been reported but not yet settled (case reserves) and claims that have been incurred but not reported ("ibnr"). ibnr includes a provision for development on known cases as well as a provision for late reported incurred claims. claim and claim adjustment expense reserves are reflected as liabilities and are included on the consolidated balance sheets under the heading "insurance reserves." adjustments to prior year reserve estimates, if necessary, are reflected in results of operations in the period that the need for such adjustments is determined. the carried case and ibnr reserves as of each balance sheet date are provided in the discussion that follows and in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
there is a risk that cna's recorded reserves are insufficient to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claims and claim adjustment expenses. unforeseen emerging or potential claims and coverage issues are also difficult to predict and could materially adversely affect the adequacy of cna's claim and claim adjustment expense reserves and could lead to future reserve additions.
in addition, cna's property and casualty insurance subsidiaries also have actual and potential exposures related to a&ep claims, which could result in material losses. to mitigate the risks posed by cna's exposure to a&ep claims and claim adjustment expenses, cna completed a transaction with national indemnity company ("nico"), under which substantially all of cna's legacy a&ep liabilities were ceded to nico effective january 1, 2010. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8 for further discussion about the transaction with nico, its impact on cna's results of operations and the deferred retroactive reinsurance gains and the amount of remaining reinsurance limit.
establishing property & casualty reserve estimates in developing claim and claim adjustment expense ("loss" or "losses") reserve estimates, cna's actuaries perform detailed reserve analyses that are staggered throughout the year. the data is organized at a reserve group level. a reserve group typically can be a line of business covering a subset of insureds such as commercial automobile liability for small or middle market customers, or it can be a particular type of claim such as construction defect. every reserve group is reviewed at least once during the year, but most are reviewed more frequently. the analyses generally review losses gross of ceded reinsurance and apply the ceded reinsurance terms to the gross estimates to establish estimates net of reinsurance. in addition to the detailed analyses, cna reviews actual loss emergence for all products each quarter.
most of cna's business can be characterized as long-tail. for long-tail business, it will generally be several years between the time the business is written and the time when all claims are settled. cna's long-tail exposures include commercial automobile liability, workers' compensation, general liability, medical professional liability, other professional liability and management liability coverages, assumed reinsurance run-off and products liability. short-tail exposures include property, commercial automobile physical damage, marine, surety and warranty. property & casualty operations contain both long-tail and short-tail exposures. other insurance operations contain long-tail exposures.
various methods are used to project ultimate losses for both long-tail and short-tail exposures.
the paid development method estimates ultimate losses by reviewing paid loss patterns and applying them to accident or policy years with further expected changes in paid losses. selection of the paid loss pattern may require consideration of several factors including the impact of economic, social and medical inflation on claim costs, the rate at which claims professionals make claim payments and close claims, the impact of judicial decisions, the impact of underwriting changes, the impact of large claim payments and other factors. claim cost inflation itself may require evaluation of changes in the cost of repairing or replacing property, changes in the cost of medical care, changes in the cost of wage replacement, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors. because this method assumes that losses are paid at a consistent rate, changes in any of these factors can affect the results. since the method does not rely on case reserves, it is not directly influenced by changes in their adequacy.
for many reserve groups, paid loss data for recent periods may be too immature or erratic for accurate predictions. this situation often exists for long-tail exposures. in addition, changes in the factors described above may result in inconsistent payment patterns. finally, estimating the paid loss pattern subsequent to the most mature point available in the data analyzed often involves considerable uncertainty for long-tail products such as workers' compensation.
the incurred development method is similar to the paid development method, but it uses case incurred losses instead of paid losses. since the method uses more data (case reserves in addition to paid losses) than the paid development method, the incurred development patterns may be less variable than paid patterns. however, selection of the incurred loss pattern typically requires analysis of all of the same factors described above. in addition, the inclusion of case reserves can lead to distortions if changes in case reserving practices have taken place, and the use of case incurred losses may not eliminate the issues associated with estimating the incurred loss pattern subsequent to the most mature point available.
the loss ratio method multiplies earned premiums by an expected loss ratio to produce ultimate loss estimates for each accident or policy year. this method may be useful for immature accident or policy periods or if loss development patterns are inconsistent, losses emerge very slowly or there is relatively little loss history from which to estimate future losses. the selection of the expected loss ratio typically requires analysis of loss ratios from earlier accident or policy years or pricing studies and analysis of inflationary trends, frequency trends, rate changes, underwriting changes and other applicable factors.
the bornhuetter-ferguson method using paid loss is a combination of the paid development method and the loss ratio method. this method normally determines expected loss ratios similar to the approach used to estimate the expected loss ratio for the loss ratio method and typically requires analysis of the same factors described above. this method assumes that future losses will develop at the expected loss ratio level. the percent of paid loss to ultimate loss implied from the paid development method is used to determine what percentage of ultimate loss is yet to be paid. the use of the pattern from the paid development method typically requires consideration of the same factors listed in the description of the paid development method. the estimate of losses yet to be paid is added to current paid losses to estimate the ultimate loss for each year. for long-tail lines, this method will react very slowly if actual ultimate loss ratios are different from expectations due to changes not accounted for by the expected loss ratio calculation.
the bornhuetter-ferguson method using incurred loss is similar to the bornhuetter-ferguson method using paid loss except that it uses case incurred losses. the use of case incurred losses instead of paid losses can result in development patterns that are less variable than paid patterns. however, the inclusion of case reserves can lead to distortions if changes in case reserving have taken place, and the method typically requires analysis of the same factors that need to be reviewed for the loss ratio and incurred development methods.
the frequency times severity method multiplies a projected number of ultimate claims by an estimated ultimate average loss for each accident or policy year to produce ultimate loss estimates. since projections of the ultimate number of claims are often less variable than projections of ultimate loss, this method can provide more reliable results for reserve groups where loss development patterns are inconsistent or too variable to be relied on exclusively. in addition, this method can more directly account for changes in coverage that affect the number and size of claims. however, this method can be difficult to apply to situations where very large claims or a substantial number of unusual claims result in volatile average claim sizes. projecting the ultimate number of claims may require analysis of several factors, including the rate at which policyholders report claims to cna, the impact of judicial decisions, the impact of underwriting changes and other factors. estimating the ultimate average loss may require analysis of the impact of large losses and claim cost trends based on changes in the cost of repairing or replacing property, changes in the cost of medical care, changes in the cost of wage replacement, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors.
stochastic modeling produces a range of possible outcomes based on varying assumptions related to the particular reserve group being modeled. for some reserve groups, cna uses models which rely on historical development patterns at an aggregate level, while other reserve groups are modeled using individual claim variability assumptions supplied by the claims department. in either case, multiple simulations using varying assumptions are run and the results are analyzed to produce a range of potential outcomes. the results will typically include a mean and percentiles of the possible reserve distribution which aid in the selection of a point estimate.
for many exposures, especially those that can be considered long-tail, a particular accident or policy year may not have a sufficient volume of paid losses to produce a statistically reliable estimate of ultimate losses. in such a case, cna's actuaries typically assign more weight to the incurred development method than to the paid development method. as claims continue to settle and the volume of paid loss increases, the actuaries may assign additional weight to the paid development method. for most of cna's products, even the incurred losses for accident or policy years that are early in the claim settlement process will not be of sufficient volume to produce a reliable estimate of ultimate losses. in these cases, cna may not assign much, if any, weight to the paid and incurred development methods. cna may use the loss ratio, bornhuetter-ferguson and/or frequency times severity methods. for short-tail exposures, the paid and incurred development methods can often be relied on sooner primarily because cna's history includes a sufficient number of years to cover the entire period over which paid and incurred losses are expected to change. however, cna may also use the loss ratio, bornhuetter-ferguson and/or frequency times severity methods for short-tail exposures.
for other more complex reserve groups where the above methods may not produce reliable indications, cna uses additional methods tailored to the characteristics of the specific situation.
periodic reserve reviews the reserve analyses performed by cna's actuaries result in point estimates. each quarter, the results of the detailed reserve reviews are summarized and discussed with cna's senior management to determine the best estimate of reserves. cna's senior management considers many factors in making this decision. cna's recorded reserves reflect its best estimate as of a particular point in time based upon known facts and circumstances, consideration of the factors cited above and its judgment. the carried reserve differs from the actuarial point estimate as discussed further below.
currently, cna's recorded reserves are modestly higher than the actuarial point estimate. for property & casualty operations, the difference between cna's reserves and the actuarial point estimate is primarily driven by uncertainty with respect to immature accident years, claim cost inflation, changes in claims handling, changes to the tort environment which may adversely affect claim costs and the effects from the economy. for cna's legacy a&ep liabilities, the difference between cna's reserves and the actuarial point estimate is primarily driven by the potential tail volatility of run-off exposures.
the key assumptions fundamental to the reserving process are often different for various reserve groups and accident or policy years. some of these assumptions are explicit assumptions that are required of a particular method, but most of the assumptions are implicit and cannot be precisely quantified. an example of an explicit assumption is the pattern employed in the paid development method. however, the assumed pattern is itself based on several implicit assumptions such as the impact of inflation on medical costs and the rate at which claim professionals close claims. as a result, the effect on reserve estimates of a particular change in assumptions typically cannot be specifically quantified, and changes in these assumptions cannot be tracked over time.
cna's recorded reserves are management's best estimate. in order to provide an indication of the variability associated with cna's net reserves, the following discussion provides a sensitivity analysis that shows the approximate estimated impact of variations in significant factors affecting cna's reserve estimates for particular types of business. these significant factors are the ones that cna believes could most likely materially affect the reserves. this discussion covers the major types of business for which cna believes a material deviation to its reserves is reasonably possible. there can be no assurance that actual experience will be consistent with the current assumptions or with the variation indicated by the discussion. in addition, there can be no assurance that other factors and assumptions will not have a material impact on cna's reserves.
the three areas for which cna believes a significant deviation to its net reserves is reasonably possible are (i) professional liability, management liability and surety products (ii) workers' compensation and (iii) general liability.
professional liability, management liability and surety products include u.s. professional liability coverages provided to various professional firms, including architects, real estate agents, small and mid-sized accounting firms, law firms and other professional firms. they also include d&o, employment practices, fiduciary, fidelity and surety coverages and medical liability. the most significant factor affecting reserve estimates for these liability coverages is claim severity. claim severity is driven by the cost of medical care, the cost of wage replacement, legal fees, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors. underwriting and claim handling decisions such as the classes of business written and individual claim settlement decisions can also affect claim severity. if the estimated claim severity increases by 9%, cna estimates that net reserves would increase by approximately $450 million. if the estimated claim severity decreases by 3%, cna estimates that net reserves would decrease by approximately $150 million. cna's net reserves for these products were approximately $5.0 billion as of december 31, 2021.
for workers' compensation, since many years will pass from the time the business is written until all claim payments have been made, the most significant factor affecting workers' compensation reserve estimates is claim cost inflation on claim payments. workers' compensation claim cost inflation is driven by the cost of medical care, the cost of wage replacement, expected claimant lifetimes, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors. if estimated workers' compensation claim cost inflation increases by 100 basis points for the entire period over which claim payments will be made, cna estimates that its net reserves would increase by approximately $350 million. if estimated workers' compensation claim cost inflation decreases by 100 basis points for the entire period over which claim payments will be made, cna estimates that its net reserves would decrease by approximately $350 million. net reserves for workers' compensation were approximately $3.9 billion as of december 31, 2021.
for general liability, the most significant factor affecting reserve estimates is claim severity. claim severity is driven by changes in the cost of repairing or replacing property, the cost of medical care, the cost of wage replacement, judicial decisions, legislation and other factors. if the estimated claim severity for general liability increases by 6%, cna estimates that its net reserves would increase by approximately $200 million. if the estimated claim severity for general liability decreases by 3%, cna estimates that its net reserves would decrease by approximately $100 million. net reserves for general liability were approximately $3.2 billion as of december 31, 2021.
given the factors described above, it is not possible to quantify precisely the ultimate exposure represented by claims and related litigation. as a result, cna regularly reviews the adequacy of its reserves and reassesses its reserve estimates as historical loss experience develops, additional claims are reported and settled and additional information becomes available in subsequent periods. in reviewing cna's reserve estimates, cna makes adjustments in the period that the need for such adjustments is determined. these reviews have resulted in cna's identification of information and trends that have caused cna to change its reserves in prior periods and could lead to cna's identification of a need for additional material increases or decreases in claim and claim adjustment expense reserves, which could materially affect our results of operations and equity and cna's business and insurer financial strength and corporate debt ratings positively or negatively. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8 for additional information about reserve development.
the following table summarizes gross and net carried reserves for cna's property & casualty operations:
december 31                                                                      2021   2020
(in millions)
gross case reserves                                                        $5,621                   $5,674
gross ibnr reserves                                                        11,982                   10,415
total gross carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves           $17,603                  $16,089
net case reserves                                                          $4,932                   $5,072
net ibnr reserves                                                          10,338                    9,123
total net carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves             $15,270                  $14,195
the following table summarizes the gross and net carried reserves for other insurance businesses in run-off, including cna re and a&ep:
december 31                                                                      2021                    2020
(in millions)
gross case reserves                                                        $1,551                   $1,614
gross ibnr reserves                                                         1,266                    1,260
total gross carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves            $2,817                   $2,874
net case reserves                                                            $146                     $560
net ibnr reserves                                                             148                      331
total net carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves                $294                     $891
life & group policyholder reserves cna's life & group business includes its run-off long term care business as well as structured settlement obligations not funded by annuities related to certain property and casualty claimants. long term care policies provide benefits for nursing homes, assisted living facilities and home health care subject to various daily and lifetime caps. generally, policyholders must continue to make periodic premium payments to keep the policy in force and cna has the ability to increase policy premiums, subject to state regulatory approval.
cna maintains both claim and claim adjustment expense reserves as well as future policy benefit reserves for policyholder benefits for its life & group business. claim and claim adjustment expense reserves consist of estimated reserves for long term care policyholders that are currently receiving benefits, including claims that have been incurred but are not yet reported. in developing the claim and claim adjustment expense reserve estimates for cna's long term care policies, its actuaries perform a detailed claim reserve review on an annual basis. the review analyzes the sufficiency of existing reserves for policyholders currently on claim and includes an evaluation of expected benefit utilization and claim duration. in addition, claim and claim adjustment expense reserves are also maintained for the structured settlement obligations. in developing the claim and claim adjustment expense reserve estimates for cna's structured settlement obligations, cna's actuaries monitor mortality experience on an annual basis. cna's recorded claim and claim adjustment expense reserves reflect cna's best estimate after incorporating the results of the most recent reviews. claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for long term care policies and structured settlement obligations are discounted as discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
future policy benefit reserves consist of the active life reserves related to cna's long term care policies for policyholders that are not currently receiving benefits and represent the present value of expected future benefit payments and expenses less expected future premium. the determination of these reserves requires management to make estimates and assumptions about expected investment and policyholder experience over the life of the contract. since many of these contracts may be in force for several decades, these assumptions are subject to significant estimation risk.
the actuarial assumptions that management believes are subject to the most variability are morbidity, persistency, discount rates and anticipated future premium rate increases. morbidity is the frequency and severity of injury, illness, sickness and diseases contracted. persistency is the percentage of policies remaining in force and can be affected by policy lapses, benefit reductions and death. discount rates are influenced by the investment yield on assets supporting long term care reserves which is subject to interest rate and market volatility and may also be affected by changes to the internal revenue code. future premium rate increases are generally subject to regulatory approval, and therefore the exact timing and size of the approved rate increases are unknown. as a result of this variability, cna's long term care reserves may be subject to material increases if actual experience develops adversely to its expectations.
annually, in the third quarter, cna assesses the adequacy of its long term care future policy benefit reserves by performing a gross premium valuation ("gpv") to determine if there is a premium deficiency. under the gpv, management estimates required reserves using best estimate assumptions as of the date of the assessment without provisions for adverse deviation. the gpv required reserves are then compared to the existing recorded reserves. if the gpv required reserves are greater than the existing recorded reserves, the existing assumptions are unlocked and future policy benefit reserves are increased to the greater amount. any such increase is reflected in cna's results of operations in the period in which the need for such adjustment is determined. if the gpv required reserves are less than the existing recorded reserves, the assumptions remain locked in and no adjustment is required.
the september 30, 2021 gpv indicated that the recorded reserves included a margin of approximately $72 million. a summary of the changes in the estimated reserve margin is presented in the table below:
(in millions)
long term care active life reserve - change in estimated reserve margin september 30, 2020 estimated margin                                                $-
changes in underlying discount rate assumptions (a)
changes in underlying morbidity assumptions                                       205
changes in underlying persistency assumptions                                   (233)
changes in underlying premium rate action assumptions                              27
changes in underlying expense and other assumptions                                 8
september 30, 2021 estimated margin                                               $72
(a) including cost of care inflation assumption.
the increase in the margin in 2021 was primarily driven by changes in discount rate assumptions due to higher near term expected reinvestment rates and favorable changes to underlying morbidity assumptions. these favorable drivers were partially offset by unfavorable changes to underlying persistency assumptions.
cna has determined that additional future policy benefit reserves for profits followed by losses are not currently required based on the most recent projection.
65
the table below summarizes the estimated pretax impact on cna's results of operations from various hypothetical revisions to its active life reserve assumptions. the annual gpv process involves updating all assumptions to management's then current best estimate, and historically all significant assumptions have been revised each year. in the table below, cna has assumed that revisions to such assumptions would occur in each policy type, age and duration within each policy group and would occur absent any changes, mitigating or otherwise, in the other assumptions. although such hypothetical revisions are not currently required or anticipated, cna believes they could occur based on past variances in experience and its expectations of the ranges of future experience that could reasonably occur. any required increase in the recorded reserves resulting from a hypothetical revision in the table below would first reduce the margin in the carried reserves before it would affect results from operations. any actual adjustment would be dependent on the specific policies affected and, therefore, may differ from the estimates summarized below. the estimated impacts to results of operations in the table below are after consideration of the existing margin.
2021 gpv         estimated reduction to pretax income
(in millions)
hypothetical revisions morbidity:
2.5% increase in morbidity                          $300
5% increase in morbidity                           600
persistency:
5% decrease in active life mortality and lapse                          $100
10% decrease in active life mortality and lapse                           300
discount rates:
25 basis point decline in new money interest rates                          $100
50 basis point decline in new money interest rates                           200
premium rate actions:
50% decrease in anticipated future premium rate increases                            $-
66
the following tables summarize policyholder reserves for cna's long term care operations:
december 31, 2021                             claim and claim adjustment expenses                           future                    total policy benefits
(in millions)
long term care                                               $2,905                                $10,012                      $12,917
structured settlement obligations                               526                                                                 526
other                                                            10                                                                  10
total                                                         3,441                                 10,012                       13,453
shadow adjustments (a)                                          200                                  2,936                        3,136
ceded reserves (b)                                              113                                    288                          401
total gross reserves                                         $3,754                                $13,236                      $16,990
december 31, 2020
long term care                                               $2,844                                 $9,762                      $12,606
structured settlement obligations                               543                                                                 543
other                                                            10                                                                  10
total                                                         3,397                                  9,762                       13,159
shadow adjustments (a)                                          218                                  3,293                        3,511
ceded reserves (b)                                              128                                    263                          391
total gross reserves                                         $3,743                                $13,318                      $17,061
(a)to the extent that unrealized gains on fixed maturity securities supporting structured settlements not funded by annuities were realized, or that unrealized gains on fixed maturity securities supporting long term care products would result in a premium deficiency if realized, a related increase in insurance reserves is recorded, after tax and noncontrolling interests, as a reduction of net unrealized gains through other comprehensive income ("shadow adjustments").
(b)ceded reserves relate to claim or policy reserves fully reinsured in connection with a sale or exit from the underlying business.
catastrophes and related reinsurance various events can cause catastrophe losses. these events can be natural or man-made, including hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, fires, floods, riots, strikes, civil unrest, cyber attacks, pandemics and acts of terrorism that produce unusually large aggregate losses. in most, but not all cases, cna's catastrophe losses from these events in the u.s. are defined consistent with the definition of the property claims service ("pcs"). pcs defines a catastrophe as an event that causes damage of $25 million or more in direct insured losses to property and affects a significant number of policyholders and insurers. for events outside of the u.s., cna defines a catastrophe as an industry recognized event that generates an accumulation of claims amounting to more than $1 million for the international line of business.
catastrophes are an inherent risk of the property and casualty insurance business and have contributed to material period-to-period fluctuations in cna's results of operations and/or equity. cna reported catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, of $397 million and $550 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020. net catastrophe losses for the year ended december 31, 2021 were driven by severe weather related events, primarily hurricane ida and winter storms uri and viola. net catastrophe losses for the year ended december 31, 2020 included $294 million related primarily to severe weather related events, $195 million related to the covid-19 pandemic and $61 million related to civil unrest.
cna uses various analyses and methods, including using one of the industry standard natural catastrophe models to estimate hurricane and earthquake losses at various return periods, to inform underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events. cna generally seeks to manage its exposure through the purchase of catastrophe reinsurance and has catastrophe reinsurance treaties that cover property and workers' compensation losses. cna conducts an ongoing review of its risk and catastrophe reinsurance coverages and from time to time makes changes as it deems appropriate.
during the second quarter of 2021, cna added a quota share treaty to its property reinsurance program, which covers policies written during the treaty term and in-force as of june 1, 2021. as a result of the coverage of in-force policies, net written premiums were reduced by $122 million during the second quarter for the one-time catch-up under the treaty of unearned premium on policies previously written as of the june 1, 2021 treaty inception. this ceded premium will earn in future quarters consistent with the underlying gross policies.
the following discussion summarizes cna's most significant catastrophe reinsurance coverage at january 1, 2022.
group north american property treaty cna purchased corporate catastrophe excess-of-loss treaty reinsurance covering its u.s. states and territories and canadian property exposures underwritten in its north american and european companies. exposures underwritten through hardy are excluded and covered under a separate treaty. the treaty has a term of june 1, 2021 to june 1, 2022 and provides coverage for the accumulation of covered losses from catastrophe occurrences above cna's per occurrence retention of $190 million up to $900 million for all losses other than earthquakes. earthquakes are covered up to $1.0 billion. losses stemming from terrorism events are covered unless they are due to a nuclear, biological or chemical attack. all layers of the treaty provide for one full reinstatement.
group workers' compensation treaty cna also purchased corporate workers' compensation catastrophe excess-of-loss treaty reinsurance for the period january 1, 2022 to january 1, 2023 providing $275 million of coverage for the accumulation of covered losses related to natural catastrophes above cna's per occurrence retention of $25 million. the treaty provides $475 million of coverage for the accumulation of covered losses related to terrorism events above cna's retention of $25 million. of the $475 million in terrorism coverage, $200 million is provided for nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation events. one full reinstatement is available for the first $275 million above the retention, regardless of the covered peril.
terrorism risk insurance program reauthorization act of 2019 ("tripra")
cna's principal reinsurance protection against large-scale terrorist attacks, including nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks, is the coverage currently provided through tripra which runs through the end of 2027. tripra provides a u.s. government backstop for insurance-related losses resulting from any "act of terrorism," which is certified by the secretary of treasury in consultation with the secretary of homeland security for losses that exceed a threshold of $200 million industry-wide for the calendar year 2022. under the current provisions of the program, in 2022 the federal government will reimburse 80% of cna's covered losses in excess of its applicable deductible up to a total industry program cap of $100 billion. cna's deductible is based on eligible commercial property and casualty earned premiums for the preceding calendar year. based on 2021 earned premiums, cna's estimated deductible under the program is $915 million for 2022. if an act of terrorism or acts of terrorism result in covered losses exceeding the $100 billion annual industry aggregate limit, congress would be responsible for determining how additional losses in excess of $100 billion will be paid.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. actual results could differ from those estimates.
the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with gaap, applied on a consistent basis. we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. in general, our estimates are based on historical experience, evaluation of current trends, information from third party professionals and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the known facts and circumstances.
we consider the accounting policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as their application places the most significant demands on our judgment. due to the inherent uncertainties involved with these types of judgments, actual results could differ significantly from estimates and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, equity, business and cna's insurer financial strength and corporate debt ratings.
insurance reserves insurance reserves are established for both short and long-duration insurance contracts. short-duration contracts are primarily related to property and casualty insurance policies where the reserving process is based on actuarial estimates of the amount of loss, including amounts for known and unknown claims. long-duration contracts are primarily related to long term care policies and are estimated using actuarial estimates about morbidity and persistency as well as assumptions about expected investment returns and future premium rate increases. the reserve for unearned premiums represents the portion of premiums written related to the unexpired terms of coverage. the reserving process is discussed in further detail in the insurance reserves section of this md&a.
long term care reserves future policy benefit reserves for cna's long term care policies are based on certain assumptions including morbidity, persistency, inclusive of mortality, discount rates and future premium rate increases. the adequacy of the reserves is contingent upon actual experience and cna's future expectations related to these key assumptions. if actual or cna's expected future experience differs from these assumptions, the reserves may not be adequate, requiring cna to add to reserves.
a prolonged period during which investment returns remain at levels lower than those anticipated in cna's reserving discount rate assumption could result in shortfalls in investment income on assets supporting cna's obligations under long term care policies, which may require increases to cna's reserves. in addition, cna may not receive regulatory approval for the level of premium rate increases it requests.
these changes to cna's reserves could materially adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and equity. the reserving process is discussed in further detail in the insurance reserves section of this md&a.
reinsurance and other receivables exposure exists with respect to the collectibility of ceded property and casualty and life reinsurance to the extent that any reinsurer is unable to meet its obligations or disputes the liabilities cna has ceded under reinsurance agreements. an allowance for doubtful accounts on reinsurance receivables is recorded on the basis of periodic evaluations of balances due from reinsurers, reinsurer financial strength rating and solvency, industry experience and current and forecast economic conditions. further information on cna's reinsurance receivables is included in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
additionally, exposure exists with respect to the collectibility of amounts due from customers on other receivables. an allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded on the basis of periodic evaluations of balances due, currently as well as in the future, historical reinsurer default data, management's experience and current and forecast economic conditions.
if actual experience differs from the estimates made by management in determining the allowances for doubtful accounts on reinsurance and other receivables, net receivables as reflected on our consolidated balance sheets may not be collected. therefore, our results of operations, financial condition and/or equity could be materially adversely affected. further information on cna's process for determining the allowance for doubtful accounts on reinsurance and insurance receivables is in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
valuation of investments and impairment of securities fixed maturity and equity securities are carried at fair value on the balance sheet. fair value represents the price that would be received in a sale of an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date, the determination of which may require us to make a significant number of assumptions and judgments. securities with the greatest level of subjectivity around valuation are those that rely on inputs that are significant to the estimated fair value and that are not observable in the market or cannot be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. these unobservable inputs are based on assumptions consistent with what we believe other market participants would use to price such securities. further information on fair value measurements is included in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
cna's fixed maturity securities are subject to market declines below amortized cost that may result in the recognition of impairment losses in earnings. factors considered in the determination of whether or not an impairment loss is recognized in earnings include a current intention or need to sell the security or an indication that a credit loss exists. significant judgment is required in the determination of whether a credit loss has occurred for a security. cna considers all available evidence when determining whether a security requires a credit allowance to be recorded, including the financial condition and expected near-term and long term prospects of the issuer, whether the issuer is current with interest and principal payments, credit ratings on the security or changes in ratings over time, general market conditions, industry, sector or other specific factors and whether cna expects to receive cash flows sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security.
cna's mortgage loan portfolio is subject to the expected credit loss model, which requires immediate recognition of estimated credit losses over the life of the asset and the presentation of the asset at the net amount expected to be collected. significant judgment is required in the determination of estimated credit losses and any changes in cna's expectation of the net amount to be collected are recognized in earnings.
further information on cna's process for evaluating impairments and expected credit losses is included in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
accounting standards update for a discussion of accounting standards updates that have been adopted or will be adopted in the future, please read note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
