item 1a.    risk factors.
the following are what we believe to be the principal risks that could materially affect us and our businesses.
market and economic risks demand for homes we build may be adversely affected by a variety of macroeconomic factors beyond our control.
demand for our homes is dependent on a variety of macroeconomic factors, such as employment levels, interest rates, changes in stock market valuations, consumer confidence, housing demand, availability of financing for home buyers, availability and prices of new homes compared to existing inventory, and demographic trends. these factors, in particular consumer confidence, can be significantly adversely affected by a variety of factors beyond our control.
negative publicity could negatively impact our reputation, which could cause our revenues or results of operations to decline.
our business success is dependent upon the reputation of the lennar brand and its association with quality and integrity. if we are unable to maintain the position of the lennar brand, our business may be adversely affected, which could result in lower sales and earnings. unfavorable media or investor and analyst reports related to our industry, company, brand, marketing, personnel, operations, business performance, or prospects may affect our stock price and the performance of our business, regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy. furthermore, the speed at which negative publicity is disseminated has increased dramatically through the use of electronic communication, including social media outlets, websites and other digital platforms. our success in maintaining and enhancing our brand depends on our ability to adapt to this rapidly changing media environment. adverse publicity or negative commentary from media outlets could damage our reputation and reduce the demand for our homes, which would adversely affect our business.
an announced spin off of some of our businesses may not achieve its goals.
we have announced our intention to transfer some of our non-core businesses into a newly formed company and to distribute at least most of the stock of that company to our stockholders. our hope is that doing that will result in the combined market value of our stock and the stock of the new company exceeding what the market value of our stock would be if we continued to conduct the businesses that we will transfer to the new company. however, there is no assurance that that will occur. among other things, making the new company a self-standing entity will lose some synergies the businesses it will own currently benefit from. therefore, it is possible that after the separation, the combined market value of our stock and the stock of the new company will be less, not more, than what the market value of our stock would be if we did not move some of our non-core businesses into a new company our business strategies for our homebuilding and mortgage finance businesses may not increase our value.
we cannot assure you that our strategies for our core homebuilding and mortgage finance businesses, and any related initiatives or actions, will be successful. principal among our current strategies is continuing to reduce our inventory of land we own (i.e., to become a land lighter company). we cannot provide any assurance that this strategy, or other strategies we will follow, will increase our value. it is possible that the land lighter or other strategies will reduce, rather than increase, the value and profitability of our core businesses.
a downturn in the homebuilding market could adversely affect our operations.
we saw the homebuilding industry stall from mid-march through april of 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. however, after that, demand for new homes grew steadily through the remainder of 2020 and throughout 2021. while the homebuilding industry only paused for a relatively brief period in 2020, a prior economic downturn in 2007-2010 severely affected for more than two years both the number of homes we could sell and the prices for which we could sell them. that required us to write down the carrying value of our land inventory and write off costs of land purchase options. it is possible that another downturn resulting from a health pandemic or other factors would result in a decline in demand for new homes for a significant period which would negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
supply shortages and continuing cost increases could adversely affect our operations.
during fiscal 2021, we experienced a significantly stressed supply of both labor and materials, and we expect this to continue well into fiscal 2022. the time it takes to build a home has increased as a result of supply issues, which has led to delayed home deliveries. in addition, the costs of construction materials and other components of homes, lumber in particular, and the costs of labor have been rising. we have been actively managing our sales pace so we do not sell homes until construction is ready to start, in order to avoid the possibility of costs increasing after we have committed to the prices at which we will sell homes. while we will continue to focus on cost controls, we may not be able to maintain our current level of direct construction costs as a percentage of average sales price. we continue to operate in a labor constrained market and we cannot predict future inflationary pressures or increases in tariffs on imported building materials. any inability to pass on future increased costs to homebuyers would put downward pressure on our operating margins in 2022 and subsequent years.
an increase in mortgage interest rates could reduce potential buyers' ability or desire to obtain financing with which to buy homes.
mortgage rates are very low as compared to most historical periods. however, they could increase in the future, particularly if the federal reserve board raises its benchmark rate. when interest rates increase, the cost of owning a new home increases, which usually reduces the number of potential buyers who can afford, or are willing, to purchase homes we build.
a decline in prices of new homes could require us to write down the carrying value of land we own and to write off option costs.
we are constantly purchasing land, or entering into arrangements to purchase land, for use in our homebuilding operations. the value of land suitable for residential development fluctuates depending on local and national market conditions and other factors that affect demand for new homes. when demand for homes fell during the 2007-2010 recession, we were required to take significant write-downs of the carrying value of our land inventory and we elected not to exercise many options to purchase land, which required us to forfeit deposits and write-off pre-acquisition costs. although we have reduced our exposure to costs of that type, a certain amount of exposure is inherent in our homebuilding business. if market conditions were to deteriorate significantly in the future, we could again be required to make significant write-downs of the carrying value of our land inventory and costs relating to land purchase options.
our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by public health issues, including the covid-19 pandemic, and resulting governmental actions.
the united states has experienced, and may experience in the future, outbreaks of contagious diseases that affect public health and public perception of health risk. the covid-19 pandemic caused the shutdown of large portions of our national economy. with the exception of a period in march and april of 2020, the covid-19 pandemic and its effects on the economy has not adversely affected our home sales. however, this may not continue to be the case. the extent to which covid-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the continuing severity of covid-19, whether there are additional outbreaks of covid-19 or other contagious diseases, and the actions taken to contain them or their impact. if covid-19 continues to cause, or another contagious disease causes, significant negative impacts to economic conditions or consumer confidence, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely impacted.
operational risks homebuilding, mortgage lending and multifamily rentals are very competitive industries, and competitive conditions could adversely affect our business or financial results.
homebuilding. the homebuilding industry is highly competitive. homebuilders compete not only for homebuyers, but also for desirable land, financing, raw materials, skilled management and labor resources. we compete in each of our markets with numerous national, regional and local homebuilders. we also compete with sellers of existing homes, including foreclosed homes, and with rental housing. these competitive conditions can reduce the number of homes we deliver, negatively impact our selling prices, reduce our profit margins, and cause impairments in the value of our inventory or other assets. competition can also affect our ability to acquire suitable land, raw materials and skilled labor at acceptable prices or other terms.
financial services. our financial services residential and commercial lending businesses compete with other residential and commercial mortgage lenders, including national, regional and local banks and other financial institutions. mortgage lenders who have greater access to low cost funds, superior technologies or different lending criteria than we do may be able to offer more attractive financing to potential customers than we can.
multifamily. our multifamily rental business competes with other multifamily apartment developers and operators at locations across the u.s. where we have investments in multifamily rental properties. we also compete in securing partners, equity capital and debt financing, and we compete for tenants with the large supply of already existing or newly built rental apartments, as well as with sellers of homes. these competitive conditions could negatively impact the ability of the ventures in which we are participating to find renters for the apartments they are building or the prices for which those apartments can be rented.
we may be subject to costs of warranty and liability claims in excess of the insurance coverage we can purchase.
as a homebuilder, we are subject in the ordinary course of our business to warranty and construction defect claims. we are also subject to claims for injuries that occur in the course of construction activities. we record warranty and other reserves for the homes we sell based on historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes we build. we have, and many of our subcontractors have, general liability, property, workers' compensation and other business insurance. these insurance policies are intended to protect us against risk of loss from claims, subject to self-insured retentions, deductibles and coverage limits. however, it is possible that this insurance will not be adequate to address all warranty, construction defect and liability claims to which we are subject.
additionally, the cost of insurance has increased significantly in recent years. also, the coverage offered and the availability of general liability insurance for construction defects are currently limited and policies that can be obtained often include exclusions based upon past losses those insurers suffered as a result of use of defective products in homes we and many other homebuilders built. as a result, an increasing number of our subcontractors are unable to obtain insurance, and we have in many cases had to waive our customary insurance requirements, which increases our and our insurers' exposure to claims and increases the possibility that our insurance will not be adequate to protect us against all the costs we incur. this increase in cost and limitation in coverage has also increased our self-insured retentions and decreased our total coverage. it is possible in the future that insurance would not be available at commercially reasonable rates, which may cause us to reduce or eliminate general liability insurance.
excessive health and safety incidents relating to our operations could be costly to us.
land development and construction are inherently dangerous. while safety is a priority on our land development and construction sites, we cannot always control the way work is performed by subcontractors, including whether they comply with laws and regulations designed to maximize the safety of construction workers. any failure in health and safety performance may result in penalties for non-compliance with relevant regulatory requirements, may result in our subcontractors having difficulty attracting the workers they need and may result in a negative impact to our reputation.
products supplied to us and work done by subcontractors can expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business.
we rely on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes, and in many cases, to select and obtain building materials. despite our detailed specifications and quality control procedures, in some cases, subcontractors may use improper construction processes or defective materials. defective products widely used by the homebuilding industry can result in the need to perform extensive repairs to large numbers of homes. the cost of complying with our warranty obligations may be significant if we are unable to recover the cost of repairs from subcontractors, materials suppliers and insurers.
we also can suffer damage to our reputation, and may be exposed to possible liability, if subcontractors fail to comply with applicable laws, including laws involving things that are not within our control. when we learn about possibly improper practices by subcontractors, we try to cause the subcontractors to discontinue them. however, we may not always be able to do that, and even when we can, it may not avoid claims against us relating to work the subcontractors already performed.
a reduced number of home sales would extend the time it takes us to recover land purchase and property development costs.
we incur many costs even before we begin to build homes in a community. depending on the stage of development a land parcel is in when we acquire it, these may include costs of preparing land, finishing and entitling lots, installing roads, sewers, water systems and other utilities, and taxes and other costs related to ownership of the land on which we plan to build homes. if the rate at which we sell and deliver homes slows, or if we delay the opening of new home communities, we may incur additional pre-construction costs and it may take longer for us to recover our costs.
increased interest rates would increase the cost of the homes we build.
our business requires us to finance much of the cost of developing our residential communities. one of the ways we do this is with bank borrowings. at november 30, 2021, we had a $2.5 billion revolving credit facility with a group of banks
(the "credit facility") maturing in 2024. it has a $300 million accordion feature, subject to additional commitments, thus the maximum borrowings could be $2.8 billion. we also had warehouse borrowing facilities totaling $2.3 billion to support our mortgage lending activities. the interest on borrowings under the credit facility is at rates based on prevailing short term rates from time to time. at november 30, 2021, we had no borrowings under the credit facility. however, if in the future we have a need for significant borrowings under the credit facility and interest rates increase, that would increase the cost of the homes we build, which either would make those homes more expensive for homebuyers, which is likely to reduce demand, or would lower our operating margins, or both.
increases in the rate of cancellations of home sale agreements could have an adverse effect on our business.
our backlog reflects agreements of sale with our homebuyers for homes that have not yet been delivered. we usually have received a deposit from our home buyer for each home reflected in our backlog, and generally we have the right to retain the deposit if the homebuyer does not complete the purchase. in some cases, however, a homebuyer may cancel the agreement of sale and receive a complete or partial refund of the deposit for reasons such as state and local laws, the homebuyer's inability to obtain mortgage financing, their inability to sell their current home or our inability to complete and deliver the home within the specified time. if there is a downturn in the housing market, or if mortgage financing becomes less available than it currently is, more homebuyers may cancel their agreements of sale with us, which would have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
our success to a substantial extent depends on our ability to acquire land that is suitable for residential homebuilding and meets our land investment criteria.
there is strong competition among homebuilders for land that is suitable for residential development. the future availability of finished and partially finished developed lots and undeveloped land that meet our internal criteria depends on a number of factors outside our control, including land availability in general, competition with other homebuilders and land buyers for desirable property, inflation in land prices, zoning, allowable housing density, and other regulatory requirements. should suitable lots or land become less available, the number of homes we could build and sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could be increased, perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact our results of operations.
we could be hurt by refusals of owners of land to honor options or contracts to sell the land to us.
we have made a strategic decision to increase the portion of our potential land inventory that we control through options or contracts and reduce the portion we own. this substantially reduces our investment in land. however, if landowners who are parties to the options or contracts were to refuse to honor them, we could lose access to land at the time we want to use it in our homebuilding activities.
the loss of the services of members of our senior management or a significant number of our operating employees could negatively affect our business.
our success depends to a significant extent upon the performance and active participation of our senior management, many of whom have been with us for 20 or more years. if we were to lose members of our senior management, we might not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely basis and our operations could be negatively affected. also, the loss of a significant number of operating employees and our inability to hire qualified replacements could have a material adverse effect on our business.
natural disasters and severe weather conditions could delay deliveries and increase costs of new homes in affected areas, which could harm our sales and results of operations.
many of our homebuilding operations are conducted in areas that are subject to natural disasters, including hurricanes, earthquakes, droughts, floods, wildfires and severe weather. the occurrence of natural disasters or severe weather conditions can delay new home deliveries, increase costs by damaging inventories and lead to shortages of labor and materials in areas affected by the disasters, and can negatively impact the demand for new homes in affected areas. our insurance may not cover business interruptions or losses resulting from these events and our results of operations could be adversely affected by these events.
if our homebuyers are not able to obtain suitable financing, that would reduce demand for our homes and our home sales revenues.
most purchasers of our homes obtain mortgage loans to finance a substantial portion of the purchase price of the homes they purchase. while the majority of our homebuyers obtain their mortgage financing from our financial services segment, others obtain mortgage financing from banks and other independent lenders. disruptions in the mortgage markets and increased government regulation could adversely affect the ability of potential homebuyers to obtain financing for home purchases, making it difficult for them to purchase our homes. among other things, changes made by fannie mae, freddie mac, ginnie mae and fha/va to sponsored mortgage programs, as well as changes made in recent years by private mortgage insurance companies, have reduced the ability of a number of potential homebuyers to qualify for mortgages. principal among these are higher income requirements, larger required down payments, increased reserves and higher required credit scores. in addition, there has been uncertainty regarding the future of fannie mae, freddie mac and ginnie mae, including proposals that they reduce or terminate their role as the principal sources of liquidity in the secondary market for mortgage loans. it is not clear how, if fannie mae, freddie mac and ginnie mae were to curtail their secondary market mortgage loan purchases, the liquidity they provide would be replaced. there is a substantial possibility that substituting an alternate source of liquidity would increase mortgage interest rates, which would increase the buyers' effective costs of paying for the homes we sell, and therefore could reduce demand for our homes and adversely affect our results of operations.
our financial services segment can be adversely affected by reduced demand for our homes.
approximately 97% of the residential mortgage loans made by our financial services segment in 2021 were made to buyers of homes we built. therefore, a decrease in the demand for our homes would adversely affect the revenues of this aspect of our business.
if our ability to sell mortgages into the secondary market is impaired, that could significantly reduce our ability to sell homes unless we are willing to become a long-term investor in loans we originate.
substantially all of the residential mortgage loans we originate are sold within a short period in the secondary mortgage market on a servicing released, non-recourse basis. if we became unable to sell residential mortgage loans into the secondary mortgage market or directly to fannie mae, freddie mac and ginnie mae, we would have to either curtail our origination of residential mortgage loans, which among other things, could significantly reduce our ability to sell homes, or commit our own funds to long term investments in mortgage loans, which, in addition to requiring us to deploy substantial amounts of our own funds, could delay the time when we recognize revenues from home sales on our statements of operations.
we may be liable for certain limited representations and warranties we make in connection with the sale of loans.
while substantially all of the residential mortgage loans we originate are sold within a short period in the secondary mortgage market on a servicing released, non-recourse basis, we remain responsible for certain industry standard limited representations and warranties we make in connection with such sales. mortgage investors sometimes seek to have us buy back mortgage loans or compensate them for losses incurred on mortgage loans that we have sold based on claims that we breached our limited representations and warranties. in addition, when lmf commercial sells loans to securitization trusts or other purchasers, it gives limited industry standard representations and warranties about the loans, which, if incorrect, may require it to repurchase the loans, replace them with substitute loans or indemnify persons for losses or expenses incurred as a result of breaches of representations and warranties. if we have significant liabilities with respect to such claims, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, and possibly our financial condition.
financing risks failure to comply with the covenants and conditions imposed by our borrowing facilities could restrict future borrowing or cause our debt to become immediately due and payable.
the agreement governing our credit facility (the "credit agreement") makes it a default if we fail to pay principal or interest when it is due (subject in some instances to grace periods) or to comply with various covenants, including covenants regarding financial ratios. in addition, our financial services residential mortgage companies have warehouse facilities to finance their mortgage lending activities and our lmf commercial lending group has warehouse facilities to finance its mortgage origination activities. if we default under the credit agreement or our warehouse facilities, the lenders will have the right to terminate their commitments to lend and to require immediate repayment of all outstanding borrowings. this could reduce our available funds at a time when we are having difficulty generating all the funds we need from our operations, in capital markets or otherwise, and restrict our ability to obtain financing in the future. in addition, if we default under the credit agreement or our warehouse facilities, it could cause the amounts outstanding under our senior notes to become immediately due and payable, which would seriously adversely impact our consolidated financial condition.
we have a substantial level of indebtedness, which may have an adverse effect on our business or limit our ability to take advantage of business, strategic or financing opportunities.
as of november 30, 2021, we had outstanding senior notes which we had sold into the capital markets over a number of years totaling $4.2 billion. the indentures governing our senior notes do not restrict our incurrence of future secured or unsecured debt, and the agreement governing our credit facility allows us to incur a substantial amount of future unsecured debt. we reduced our outstanding senior notes during fiscal 2021 by $1.2 billion, but we still have a significant amount outstanding. sales of senior debt into the capital markets has, until recently, been a significant source of funding for our operations and acquisitions. our use of capital markets debt to help support our operations exposes us to a number of risks, including:
•we may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and homebuilding industry conditions;
•we may have to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing indebtedness if interest rates rise, thereby reducing our earnings and cash flows;
•we may find it difficult, or may be unable, to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements that would be in our best long-term interests;
•we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, reducing the cash flow available to fund operations and investments and reducing the amount we can return to our stockholders;
•we may have reduced flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses or the industries in which they are conducted;
•[we may have a competitive disadvantage relative to other companies in our industry that are less leveraged]; and
•we may be required to sell debt or equity securities or sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, in order to meet payment obligations.
our access to capital and our ability to obtain additional financing could be affected by any downgrade of our credit ratings.
our corporate credit rating and ratings of our senior notes affect, among other things, our ability to access new capital, especially debt, and the costs of that new capital. for a number of years, a substantial portion of our access to capital has been through the issuance of senior notes, of which we have approximately $4.2 billion outstanding, net of debt issuance costs, as of november 30, 2021. among other things, we have often relied on proceeds of debt issuances to pay the principal of existing senior notes when they mature. negative changes in the ratings of our senior notes could make it difficult for us to sell senior notes in the future and could result in more stringent covenants and higher interest rates with regard to new senior notes we issue.
our financial services segment, including lmf commercial, has warehouse facilities that mature in fiscal year 2022, and if we could not renew or replace these facilities, we probably would have to reduce our mortgage lending and origination activities.
during fiscal year 2022, we will have to replace or renew a total of $2.9 billion of warehouse lines used by financial services, including lmf commercial, as they mature. we expect these facilities to be renewed or replaced with other facilities when they mature. if we were unable to renew or replace these facilities on favorable terms or at all when they mature, that could seriously impede the activities of our financial services segment, which would have a material adverse impact on our financial results.
an inability to obtain performance bonds or post letters of credit could adversely affect our operations.
we often are required to provide surety bonds to secure our performance of obligations under construction contracts, development agreements and other arrangements. at november 30, 2021, we had outstanding surety bonds of $3.6 billion including performance surety bonds related to site improvements at various projects (including certain projects of our joint ventures) and financial surety bonds. although significant development and construction activities have been completed related to these site improvements, these bonds are generally not released until all development and construction activities to which they relate are completed. our ability to obtain surety bonds primarily depends upon our credit rating, financial condition, past performance and similar factors, the capacity of the surety market and the underwriting practices of surety bond issuers. our ability to obtain surety bonds also can be impacted by the willingness of insurance companies to issue performance bonds for construction and development activities. if we were unable to obtain surety bonds when required, our operations could be adversely affected.
we conduct some of our operations through joint ventures with independent third parties and we can be adversely impacted by our joint venture partners' failures to fulfill their obligations or decisions to act contrary to our wishes.
in our homebuilding and multifamily segments, we participate in joint ventures in order to help us acquire attractive land positions, to manage our risk profile and to leverage our capital base. in certain circumstances, joint venture participants, including us, are required to provide guarantees of obligations relating to the joint ventures, such as completion and environmental guarantees. if a joint venture partner does not perform its obligations, we may be required to bear more than our proportional share of the cost of fulfilling the joint venture's obligations. for example, in connection with our multifamily business, and its joint ventures, we and the other venture participants have guaranteed obligations to complete construction of multifamily residential buildings at agreed upon costs, which could make us and the other venture participants responsible for cost over-runs. although all the participants in a venture are normally responsible for sharing the costs of fulfilling obligations of that type, if some of the venture participants are unable or unwilling to meet their share of the obligations, we may be held responsible for some or all of the defaulted payments. in addition, because we do not have a controlling interest in most of the joint ventures in which we participate, we may not be able to cause joint ventures to sell assets, return invested capital or take other actions when such actions might be in our best interest.
several of the joint ventures in which we participate will in the relatively near future be required to repay, refinance, renegotiate or extend their borrowings. if any of those joint ventures are unable to do this, we could be required to provide at least a portion of the funds the joint ventures need to be able to repay the borrowings and to finance the activities for which they were incurred, which could adversely impact our financial position.
regulatory risks changes in u.s. trade policies and retaliatory responses from other countries may substantially increase the costs or limit supplies of building materials and products used in our homes.
during the past several years, the u.s. government has imposed new, or increased existing, tariffs on an array of imported materials and products that are used in the homes we build, including lumber, steel, aluminum, solar panels and washing machines, which increases the costs of those items. the tariffs that have been imposed or increased have impacted our construction costs and caused disruptions in our supply chains, and new or increased tariffs could result in further cost increases. these cost increases will either require us to increase prices or negatively impact our profit margins. new or increased tariffs could also negatively affect u.s. national or regional economies, which could affect the demand for the homes we build.
we may be adversely impacted by legal and regulatory changes.
we are subject with regard to almost all of our activities to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations. laws and regulations, and policies under or interpretations of existing laws and regulations, change frequently. our businesses could be adversely affected by changes in laws, regulations, policies or interpretations or by our inability to comply with them without making significant changes in our businesses.
governmental regulations regarding land use and environmental matters could increase the cost and limit the availability of our development and homebuilding projects and adversely affect our business or financial results.
we are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that affect land development, homebuilding and apartment development processes, including laws and regulations related to zoning, permitted land uses, levels of density, building design, elevation of properties, water and waste disposal and use of open spaces. these regulations often provide broad discretion to the administering governmental authorities as to the conditions that must be met prior to development or construction being approved, if they are approved at all. we are also subject to determinations by governmental authorities as to the adequacy of water or sewage facilities, roads and other local services with regard to particular residential communities. new housing developments may also be subject to various assessments for schools, parks, streets and other public improvements. in addition, in many markets government authorities have implemented no growth or growth control initiatives. any of these can limit, delay, or increase the costs of land development or home construction. government restrictions, standards, or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions or potential climate change impacts are likely to result in restrictions on land development in certain areas and may increase energy, transportation, or raw material costs, which could reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations. this is a particular concern in the western united states, where some of the most extensive and stringent environmental laws and residential building construction standards in the country have been enacted, and where we have substantial homebuilding and multifamily operations.
we are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal laws and regulations concerning protection of the environment. in some of the markets where we operate, we are required by law to pay environmental impact fees, use energy-saving construction materials and give commitments to municipalities to provide infrastructure such as roads and sewage systems. we generally are required to obtain permits, entitlements and approvals from local authorities to commence and carry out residential development or home construction. these permits, entitlements and approvals sometimes are opposed or challenged by local governments, environmental advocacy groups, neighboring property owners or other possibly interested parties, adding delays, costs and risks of non-approval to the process. violations of environmental laws and regulations can result in injunctions, civil penalties, remediation expenses, and other costs. in addition, some environmental laws impose strict liability, which means that we may be held liable for unlawful environmental conditions on property we own which we did not create.
we are also subject to laws and regulations related to workers' health and safety, and there are efforts to subject homebuilders like us to other labor related laws or rules, some of which may make us responsible for things done by our subcontractors over which we have little or no control.
in addition, our residential mortgage subsidiary is subject to various state and federal statutes, rules and regulations, including those that relate to lending operations and other areas of mortgage origination and loan servicing. the impact of those statutes, rules and regulations can increase our homebuyers' costs of financing, and our cost of doing business, as well as restricting our homebuyers' access to some types of loans.
our obligation to comply with the laws and regulations under which we operate, and our need to ensure that our associates, subcontractors and other agents comply with these laws and regulations, could result in delays in construction and land development, cause us to incur substantial costs and prohibit or restrict land development and homebuilding activity in certain areas in which we operate. budget reductions by state and local governmental agencies may increase the time it takes to obtain required approvals and therefore may aggravate the delays we encounter. shutdowns of government offices in response to the covid-19 pandemic have further delayed the time it is taking to obtain required approvals. government agencies also routinely initiate audits, reviews or investigations of our business practices to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, which can cause us to incur costs or create other disruptions in our businesses that can be significant.
we can be injured by improper acts of persons over whom we do not have control.
although we expect all of our associates (i.e., employees), officers and directors to comply at all times with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, there may be instances in which subcontractors or others through whom we do business engage in practices that do not comply with applicable laws, regulations or governmental guidelines. when we learn of practices that do not comply with applicable laws or regulations, including practices relating to homes, buildings or multifamily rental properties we build or finance, we move actively to stop the non-complying practices as soon as possible and we have taken disciplinary action with regard to associates of ours who were aware of non-complying practices and did not take steps to address them, including in some instances terminating their employment. however, regardless of the steps we take after we learn of practices that do not comply with applicable laws or regulations, we can in some instances be subject to fines or other governmental penalties, and our reputation can be injured, due to the practices having taken place.
we could be held responsible for obligations of, and labor law violations by, our subcontractors and other contract parties.
the homes we sell are built by employees of subcontractors and other contract parties. we do not have the ability to control what these contract parties pay their employees or the work rules they impose on their employees. however, various governmental agencies have sought, and in the future may seek, to hold contract parties like us responsible for violations of wage and hour laws, workers' compensation and other work-related laws by firms whose employees are performing contracted for services. while the future of joint employer liability remains uncertain, if we were deemed to be a joint employer of our subcontractors' employees, we could become responsible for collective bargaining obligations of, and labor law violations by, our subcontractors. governmental rulings that make us responsible for labor practices by our subcontractors could create substantial exposures for us in situations that are not within our control.
other risks we have substantial investments in real estate related businesses in which we are a minority investor.
we have investments in funds and other investment vehicles managed by rialto capital management, a company we sold in november 2018, investments in a number of companies that are applying technology to various aspects of building and marketing homes and real estate related aspects of the financial services industry, and investments in fivepoint holdings, a publicly traded company that has ownership interests in, and is managing the development of, three large multi-use master planned communities in california. as a minority investor, we have limited influence over decisions made with regard to these funds and businesses. however, we could suffer significant losses of our investments as a result of decisions that are made by the funds and businesses.
our results of operations could be adversely affected if legal claims against us are not resolved in our favor.
in the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to legal claims by homebuyers, borrowers against whom we have instituted foreclosure proceedings, persons with whom we have land purchase contracts and a variety of other claimants. we establish reserves against legal claims and we believe that, in general, the outcome of legal claims will not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. however, if the amounts we are required to pay as a result of claims against us substantially exceed the sums anticipated by our reserves, the need to pay those amounts could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods when we are required to make the payments.
information technology failures and data security breaches could harm our business.
we rely extensively on information technology ("it") systems, including internet sites, data hosting facilities and other hardware and software platforms, some of which are hosted by third parties, to assist in conducting our businesses. our it systems, like those of most companies, may be vulnerable to a variety of disruptions, including, but not limited to, those caused by natural disasters, telecommunications failures, hackers, and other security issues. moreover, our computer systems, like those of most companies, are subject to the possibility of computer viruses or other malicious codes, and to cyber or phishing-attacks. we have installed and continually upgrade an array of protections against cyber intrusions. the risk of cyber intrusion is one of the areas of risk as to which there are regular periodic presentations to our board. however, cyber intrusion efforts are becoming increasingly sophisticated, and it is possible that the controls we have installed could at some time be breached in a material respect. further, there has been a surge in widespread cyber-attacks during the covid-19 pandemic. the increase in the frequency and scope of cyber-attacks during the pandemic exacerbates data security risks. our increased use of remote work environments and virtual platforms in response to covid-19 may also increase our risk of cyber-attack or data security breaches. while, to date, we have not had a significant cybersecurity breach or attack that had a material impact on our business or results of operations, if we were to be subject to a material successful cyber intrusion, that could result in remediation or service restoration costs, increased cyber protection costs, lost revenues or loss of customers, litigation or regulatory actions by governmental authorities, increased insurance premiums, reputational damage and damage to our competitiveness, our stock price and our long-term stockholder value.
failure to maintain the security of personally identifiable information could adversely affect us.
in connection with our business we collect and retain personally identifiable information (e.g., information regarding our customers, suppliers and employees), and there is an expectation that we will adequately protect that information. the u.s. regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding. a significant theft, loss or fraudulent use of the personally identifiable information we maintain, or of our data, by cyber-criminals or otherwise could adversely impact our reputation and could result in significant costs, fines and litigation.
international activities subject us to risks inherent in international operations.
while there has been a pause as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, we historically have sold significant numbers of homes in communities in the united states to people who are not residents of the united states, and some large investors in our multifamily development and single-family rental ventures are located outside the united states. dealings with people or institutions located outside the united states create risks related to currencies and to political affairs in various countries. in some instances, the government may review the possible effects of investments by non-u.s. entities on u.s. national security. we must also be careful to comply with u.s. anti-corruption laws. also, we have to be aware of tax issues involved in doing business outside the united states or with people who are not residents of the united states, both under u.s. tax laws and under the tax laws of the countries in which we do business.
we experience variability in our operating results on a quarterly basis.
our homebuilding business is seasonal in nature and generally reflects higher levels of new home order activity in our second fiscal quarter and increased deliveries in the second half of our fiscal year. however, a variety of factors, such as the shutdown of large portions of our national economy in the second quarter of 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, can change seasonal patterns. our quarterly results of operations may continue to fluctuate in the future as a result of a variety of factors, including, among others, seasonal home buying patterns, the timing of home closings and land sales and weather-related problems.
we could suffer significant losses if there are reductions in the market value of our investments in publicly traded companies.
we have made investments in companies that are engaged in applying technology to improve the homebuilding industry and real estate related aspects of the financial services industry. our investments in opendoor technologies, inc. ("opendoor"), sunnova, hippo holdings, inc. ("hippo"), smartrent, inc. ("smartrent") and blend labs, inc. ("blend") are carried on our books at their fair values, which will change depending on the value of the company's share holdings on the last day of each quarter. as a result, the company's net earnings could be significantly affected by mark to market gains or losses on the company's investments.
changes in global or regional environmental conditions and governmental actions in response to such changes may adversely affect us by increasing the costs of or restricting our planned or future growth activities.
there is growing concern from many members of the scientific community and the general public that an increase in global average temperatures due to emissions of greenhouse gases and other human activities have caused, or will cause, significant changes in weather patterns and increase the frequency and severity of natural disasters. government mandates, standards or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions or projected climate change impacts have resulted, and are likely to continue to result, in restrictions on land development in certain areas and increased energy, transportation and raw material costs. we have tried to reduce the effect of the homes we build on the climate by installing solar power systems and other energy saving devices in many of those homes. nonetheless, governmental requirements directed at reducing effects on climate could cause us to incur expenses that we cannot recover or that will require us to increase the price of homes we sell to the point that it affects demand for those homes.
risks related to ownership of our stock we have a stockholder who can exercise significant influence over matters that are brought to a vote of our stockholders.
stuart miller, our executive chairman, through family and personal holdings of class b, and to a lesser extent class a, common stock, has the power to cast approximately 35% of the votes that can be cast by the holders of all our outstanding class a and class b common stock combined. this gives mr. miller substantial influence regarding the election of our directors and the approval of most other matters that are presented to our stockholders. mr. miller's voting power might discourage someone from making a significant equity investment in us, even if we needed the investment to meet our obligations or to operate our business. also, because of his voting power, mr. miller may be able to cause our stockholders to approve actions that are contrary to many of our other stockholders' desires.
the trading price of our class b common stock has been substantially lower than that of our class a common stock.
the only significant difference between our class a common stock and our class b common stock is that the class b common stock entitles the holders to ten votes per share, while the class a common stock entitles holders to only one vote per share. however, for many years, the trading price of the class b common stock on the nyse has been substantially lower than the nyse trading price of our class a common stock. we believe this is because only a relatively small number of shares of class b common stock are available for trading, which reduces the liquidity of the market for our class b common stock to a point where many large investors are reluctant to invest in it. the limited liquidity could make it difficult for a holder of even a relatively small number of shares of our class b common stock to dispose of the stock without materially reducing the trading price of the class b common stock.
general risk factors the risk factors described above are those that we think may be material with regard to an investment in us that are not applicable generally to all business enterprises. however, we are subject to the many risks that affect all or most business enterprises in the united states or internationally, and our business or financial condition could be materially affected by those risks.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "selected financial data" and our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report. it also should be read in conjunction with the disclosure under "special note regarding forward-looking statements" in part i of this form 10-k.
outlook while supply chain challenges continued to dominate both the homebuilding and the broader economic narrative in 2021, we were extremely pleased with our performance this year. the demand for housing continues to be strong, while the supply of new and existing homes continues to be constrained. new home construction cannot ramp up quickly enough to fill the void of the underproduction of homes for the past decade, and short supply is likely to remain for some time to come. even though home prices have moved much higher, overall affordability remains strong as interest rates are still very attractive. personal savings for deposits are strong and wages seem to be rising faster than monthly payments. however, those higher wages are starting to be reflected in government numbers and, unfortunately, in inflation as well. millennials are moving out of their parents' homes and forming families, while large numbers of apartment dwellers are seeking first-time single-family homes. first-time homes are selling at higher prices, and appreciated equity is enabling first-time move-ups. the ibuyer and single-family for rent participants are providing additional liquidity to the marketplace for homes, as they evolve and provide ever more frictionless transactions.
while the housing market remains very strong in all of our major markets, our ability to actually execute and deliver results has been tested by the supply chain challenges for both land and construction, the workforce that is short in numbers while driven to produce more, and the never-ending competition for scarce entitled land assets. the supply chain issues will continue into the first quarter of 2022 and beyond. but we expect that as we enter the second half of the year, we will be less affected by supply chain disruptions, in part because of the greater number of homes we are starting, the lessons learned and incorporated in our builder of choice relationships with suppliers and trades, and the simplicity embedded in our everything's included® home offerings. we remain focused on orderly, targeted growth, with our sales pace tightly matched with the numbers of homes we can build, which enables price appreciation to offset future cost escalations and therefore maximize margins.
although there have been some headwinds throughout the year, fiscal 2021 was an extraordinary year for our company. we established an operating plan that included cash flow generation and debt reduction in order to improve returns on capital and equity. we expect our first quarter community count to be about 5% lower than year-end 2021 because of the shortages both of land and construction materials. however, we expect community count to start to increase in the second quarter, and we expect to end 2022 with a low double-digit increase in community count year-over-year. we expect our deliveries for the first quarter of 2022 will be approximately 12,500 homes. we expect our gross margin to be about 26.75%, which reflects the impact of peak lumber prices from last year and less field expense leverage. we have remained focused on our optioned versus owned land strategy. we ended the year with a 3.0 years supply of land owned, compared to a 3.5 years supply of land owned at the same time last year, and our homesites controlled percentage increased to 59% from 39% in the prior year. among other things, this has enabled us to reduce debt, such that our homebuilding debt-to-total capital ratio improved to 18.3% at year end, from 24.9% in the prior year.
we have articulated a drive and desire to have a strong focus on new technology-driven efficiencies in our core business. we invested in numerous new technologies, while eight prior investments were either sold or went public, which resulted in significant profits for the company in 2021. perhaps more importantly, we have invested in companies that have enabled improvement in our core business, while we have benefited both through the investments and through incorporation in our core. we are working to address the issues in supply chain, labor shortages, and production, using innovative technology in innovative ways.
we have continued to work on the structural components and organization of our proposed spin-off company as we focus on the strategy of becoming a pure-play homebuilding company. we have sufficient excess capacity and balance sheet to be able to spin off our well-established ancillary businesses, and we expect to complete a tax-free spin-off by the second or third quarter of 2022. to that end, in november 2021, we took our first significant step to complete the spin-off by formally filing a request for a private letter ruling from the internal revenue service confirming that the spin-off would not result in taxation either to us or to our stockholders. we have concluded that the spin company will be an asset-light asset management business that will have a limited balance sheet. three core verticals have been identified for the spin, and they are multifamily, single-family for rent, and land strategies. each of these verticals already has raised third-party capital, and we are active asset managers.
we believe we have never been better positioned financially, organizationally and technologically to thrive and grow in this evolving high demand housing market. while difficulties in the supply chain present challenges for lennar and the industry, the housing market remains strong, and supply of new and existing homes is very limited. we remain focused on an orderly, targeted growth strategy, with our sales pace tightly matched with our pace of production. we focus on gross margin by selling in step with production, while controlling costs, and reducing our sg&a, and therefore driving our net margin. as we look to 2022, we see continued strength in the market and double-digit growth for lennar.
results of operations overview our net earnings attributable to lennar were $4.4 billion, or $14.27 per diluted share ($14.28 per basic share) in 2021 and $2.5 billion, or $7.85 per diluted share ($7.88 per basic share) in 2020.
financial information relating to our operations was as follows:
year ended november 30, 2021
(in thousands)                                                                                                                              homebuilding            financial                  multifamily                lennar                    corporate                                total services                                              other revenues:
sales of homes                                                                                                                        $25,348,105                   -                          -                          -                         -                               25,348,105
sales of land                                                                                                                             167,913                   -                          -                          -                         -                                  167,913
other revenues                                                                                                                             29,224                   898,745                    665,232                    21,457                    -                                1,614,658
total revenues                                                                                                                         25,545,242                   898,745                    665,232                    21,457                    -                               27,130,676
costs and expenses:
costs of homes sold                                                                                                                    18,562,213                   -                          -                          -                         -                               18,562,213
costs of land sold                                                                                                                        143,631                   -                          -                          -                         -                                  143,631
selling, general and administrative                                                                                                     1,796,697                   -                          -                          -                         -                                1,796,697
other costs and expenses                                                                                                                        -                   407,731                    652,810                    30,955                    -                                1,091,496
total costs and expenses                                                                                                               20,502,541                   407,731                    652,810                    30,955                    -                               21,594,037
equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities, multifamily other gain and lennar other other income (expense), net              (14,205)                   -                          9,031                      61,957                    -                                   56,783
homebuilding other income, net                                                                                                              3,266                   -                          -                          -                         -                                    3,266
lennar other realized and unrealized gains                                                                                                      -                   -                          -                          680,576                   -                                  680,576
operating earnings                                                                                                                      5,031,762                   491,014                    21,453                     733,035                   -                                6,277,264
corporate general and administrative expenses                                                                                                   -                   -                          -                          -                         398,381                            398,381
charitable foundation contribution                                                                                                              -                   -                          -                          -                         59,825                              59,825
earnings before income taxes                                                                                                           $5,031,762                   491,014                    21,453                     733,035                   (458,206)                        5,819,058
year ended november 30, 2020
(in thousands)                                                                                                                              homebuilding            financial                  multifamily                lennar                      corporate                                total services                                              other revenues:
sales of homes                                                                                                                        $20,840,159                   -                          -                          -                           -                               20,840,159
sales of land                                                                                                                             123,365                   -                          -                          -                           -                                  123,365
other revenues                                                                                                                             17,612                   890,311                    576,328                    41,079                      -                                1,525,330
total revenues                                                                                                                         20,981,136                   890,311                    576,328                    41,079                      -                               22,488,854
costs and expenses:
costs of homes sold                                                                                                                    16,092,069                   -                          -                          -                           -                               16,092,069
costs of land sold                                                                                                                        172,480                   -                          -                          -                           -                                  172,480
selling, general and administrative                                                                                                     1,697,095                   -                          -                          -                           -                                1,697,095
other costs and expenses                                                                                                                        -                   470,777                    575,581                    6,744                       -                                1,053,102
total costs and expenses                                                                                                               17,961,644                   470,777                    575,581                    6,744                       -                               19,014,746
equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities, multifamily other gain and lennar other other income (expense), net                 (836)                   -                          21,934                     (44,669)                    -                                 (23,571)
financial services gain on deconsolidation                                                                                                      -                   61,418                     -                          -                           -                                   61,418
homebuilding other expense, net                                                                                                          (29,749)                   -                          -                          -                           -                                 (29,749)
operating earnings                                                                                                                      2,988,907                   480,952                    22,681                     (10,334)                    -                                3,482,206
corporate general and administrative expenses                                                                                                   -                   -                          -                          -                           333,446                            333,446
charitable foundation contribution                                                                                                              -                   -                          -                          -                           24,972                              24,972
earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                                                                    $2,988,907                   480,952                    22,681                     (10,334)                    (358,418)                        3,123,788
2021 versus 2020
revenues from home sales increased 22% in the year ended november 30, 2021 to $25.3 billion from $20.8 billion in the year ended november 30, 2020. revenues were higher primarily due to a 13% increase in the number of home deliveries and an 8% increase in the average sales price. new home deliveries increased to 59,825 homes in the year ended november 30, 2021 from 52,925 homes in the year ended november 30, 2020 as a result of an increase in home deliveries in all our homebuilding segments. the average sales price of homes delivered was $424,000 in the year ended november 30, 2021, compared to $395,000 in the year ended november 30, 2020 as a result of price appreciation in all of our homebuilding segments as a result of the current market conditions.
gross margins on home sales were $6.8 billion, or 26.8%, in the year ended november 30, 2021, compared to $4.7 billion, or 22.8%, in the year ended november 30, 2020. the gross margin percentage on home sales increased primarily as a result of price appreciation as the increase in revenues per square foot outpaced the increase in costs per square foot.
selling, general and administrative expenses were $1.8 billion in the year ended november 30, 2021, compared to $1.7 billion in the year ended november 30, 2020. as a percentage of revenues from home sales, selling, general and administrative expenses improved to 7.1% in the year ended november 30, 2021, from 8.1% in the year ended november 30, 2020, primarily due to a decrease in broker commissions and benefits of the company's technology efforts.
operating earnings for our financial services segment were $491.0 million ($490.4 million net of noncontrolling interests) in the year ended november 30, 2021, compared to $481.0 million ($495.0 million net of noncontrolling interests) in the year ended november 30, 2020. the year ended november 30, 2020 included a $61.4 million gain on the deconsolidation of a previously consolidated entity. excluding this fiscal 2020 gain, the improvement in operating earnings during the year ended november 30, 2021 was primarily due to an increase in volume and margin in our title businesses, partially offset by lower mortgage net margins driven by a more competitive mortgage market.
operating earnings for our multifamily segment were $21.5 million in the year ended november 30, 2021, compared to $22.7 million in the year ended november 30, 2020. operating earnings for our lennar other segment were $733.0 million in the year ended november 30, 2021, compared to an operating loss of $10.3 million in the year ended november 30, 2020. the operating earnings for the year ended november 30, 2021 were primarily due to mark to market gains on our strategic technology investments that went public during the year and the sale of our solar business.
during the year ended november 30, 2021, we retired $1.15 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes which included $600 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.125% senior notes due january 2022 at par, retired early, at a premium, $250 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.375% senior notes due october 2022 and $300 million aggregate principal amount of our 6.25% senior notes due december 2021.
for the years ended november 30, 2021 and 2020, we had a tax provision of $1.4 billion and $656.2 million, respectively, which resulted in an overall effective income tax rate of 23.5% and 21.0%, respectively. the overall effective income tax rate was lower in 2020 primarily due to the retroactive extension of the new energy efficient home tax credit during the first quarter of 2020.
homebuilding segments at november 30, 2021, our homebuilding operating segments and homebuilding other consisted of homebuilding divisions located in:
east: florida, new jersey, pennsylvania and south carolina central: georgia, illinois, indiana, maryland, minnesota, north carolina, tennessee and virginia texas: texas west: arizona, california, colorado, idaho, nevada, oregon, utah and washington other: urban divisions and other homebuilding related investments primarily in california, including fivepoint the following tables set forth selected financial and operational information related to our homebuilding operations for the years indicated:
selected financial and operational data year ended november 30, 2021
gross margins                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       operating earnings (loss)
(dollars in thousands)              sales of homes                  costs of sales                gross margin %                  net margins on sales of homes (1)                  gross margins on sales of land                other revenues                  equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities                  other income (expense), net                 operating earnings (loss)
revenues                        of homes east                             $6,814,578                       4,858,456                          28.7      %                           $1,432,242                                           10,835                               7,161          308                                                                                              4,886                                  1,455,432
central                           4,807,194                       3,731,567                          22.4      %                              713,229                                            4,271                               1,977                                                     1,088                                                 (146)                                    720,419
texas                             3,204,609                       2,238,204                          30.2      %                              725,065                                            6,347                               1,630          498                                                                                            (3,075)                                    730,465
west                             10,503,305                       7,694,870                          26.7      %                            2,179,980                                            1,394                               4,778                                                     5,388                        906                                                             2,192,446
other (2)                            18,419                          39,116                       (112.4)      %                             (61,321)                                            1,435                              13,678                                                  (21,487)                        695                                                              (67,000)
totals                          $25,348,105                      18,562,213                          26.8      %                           $4,989,195                                           24,282                              29,224                                                  (14,205)                                                 3,266                                  5,031,762
year ended november 30, 2020
gross margins                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             operating earnings (loss)
(dollars in thousands)              sales of homes                  costs of sales                gross margin %                  net margins on sales of homes (1)                 gross margins (loss) on sales of land                other revenues                  equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities                  other income (expense), net                 operating earnings (loss)
revenues                        of homes east                             $5,689,419                       4,269,452                          25.0      %                             $929,181                                                2,587                                 6,404                                                     4,189                                               (9,064)                                    933,297
central                           4,084,514                       3,265,086                          20.1      %                              481,697                                                (544)                                 2,787          792                                                                                            (1,803)                                    482,929
texas                             2,640,762                       1,974,375                          25.2      %                              416,520                                                6,994                                 1,292          782                                                                                            (3,994)                                    421,594
west                              8,400,942                       6,535,718                          22.2      %                            1,268,716                                             (34,713)                                 6,083                                                     4,635                                               (3,227)                                  1,241,494
other (2)                            24,522                          47,438                        (93.5)      %                             (45,119)                                             (23,439)                                 1,046                                                  (11,234)                                              (11,661)                                   (90,407)
$20,840,159                      16,092,069                          22.8      %                           $3,050,995                                             (49,115)                                17,612                                                     (836)                                              (29,749)                                  2,988,907
(1)net margins on sales of homes include selling, general and administrative expenses.
(2)negative gross and net margins were due to period costs in urban divisions that impact costs of homes sold without sufficient sales of homes revenues to offset those costs.
summary of homebuilding data deliveries:
years ended november 30, homes            dollar value (in thousands)                                                                     average sales price
2021                          2020                                               2021                                    2020                                                        2021                      2020
east              18,879                  16,976                                                      $6,846,153                      5,725,481                                                  $363,000                 337,000
central           12,138                  10,684                                                       4,807,195                      4,084,514                                                   396,000                 382,000
texas             10,939                   9,425                                                       3,204,609                      2,640,762                                                   293,000                 280,000
west              17,850                  15,814                                                      10,503,304                      8,400,943                                                   588,000                 531,000
other                 19      26                                                                          18,419                         24,522                                                   969,000                 943,000
total             59,825                  52,925                                                     $25,379,680                     20,876,222                                                  $424,000                 394,000
of the total homes delivered listed above, 95 homes with a dollar value of $31.6 million and an average sales price of $332,000 represent home deliveries from unconsolidated entities for the year ended november 30, 2021, compared to 112 home deliveries with a dollar value of $36.1 million and an average sales price of $322,000 for the year ended november 30, 2020.
new orders (1):
at november 30,                                                                                                                                                       years ended november 30, active communities                                           homes            dollar value (in thousands)                                                                     average sales price
2021                                                 2020                    2021   2020                                               2021                                    2020                                                        2021                      2020
east               345                           323                    20,566                  17,299                                                      $7,908,164                      6,010,047                                                  $385,000                 347,000
central            302                           285                    12,871                  11,905                                                       5,366,197                      4,602,720                                                   417,000                 387,000
texas              241                           213                    12,382                  10,078                                                       3,833,294                      2,752,008                                                   310,000                 273,000
west               372                           353                    18,703                  16,868                                                      11,725,035                      9,005,958                                                   627,000                 534,000
other                3                             3                        21      19                                                                          20,513                         17,917                                                   977,000                 943,000
total            1,263                         1,177                    64,543                  56,169                                                     $28,853,203                     22,388,650                                                  $447,000                 399,000
of the total new orders listed above, 136 homes with a dollar value of $48.8 million and an average sales price of $359,000 represent new orders from unconsolidated entities for the year ended november 30, 2021, compared to 119 new orders with a dollar value of $37.3 million and an average sales price of $314,000 for the year ended november 30, 2020.
(1)new orders represent the number of new sales contracts executed with homebuyers, net of cancellations, during the years ended november 30, 2021 and 2020.
backlog:
at november 30, homes                                                            dollar value (in thousands)                                                           average sales price
2021                          2020                                      2021                           2020                                                    2021                        2020
east (1)           7,932                   6,013                                    $3,448,719                             2,310,935                                       $435,000                         384,000
central            5,104                   4,371                                     2,321,174                             1,762,172                                        455,000                         403,000
texas              4,266                   2,823                                     1,453,270                               824,584                                        341,000                         292,000
west               6,465                   5,612                                     4,135,161                             2,913,432                                        640,000                         519,000
other                  4      2                                                          3,942                                 1,848                                        986,000                         924,000
total             23,771                  18,821                                   $11,362,266                             7,812,971                                       $478,000                         415,000
of the total homes in backlog listed above, 79 homes with a backlog dollar value of $28.6 million and an average sales price of $363,000 represent the backlog from unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2021, compared to 38 homes with a backlog dollar value of $11.5 million and an average sales price of $302,000 at november 30, 2020.
(1)during the year ended november 30, 2021, we acquired 232 homes in backlog.
backlog represents the number of homes under sales contracts. homes are sold using sales contracts, which are generally accompanied by sales deposits. in some instances, purchasers are permitted to cancel sales if they fail to qualify for financing or under certain other circumstances. we do not recognize revenue on homes under sales contracts until the sales are closed and title passes to the new homeowners.
homebuilding east: revenues from home sales increased in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries in all the states of the segment except for pennsylvania and an increase in the average sales price in all the states of the segment. the increase in the number of home deliveries was primarily due to higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. the decrease in the number of home deliveries in pennsylvania was primarily due to a decrease in the number of communities as a result of the timing of opening and closing of communities. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due to favorable market conditions. gross margin percentage on home sales for the year ended november 30, 2021 increased compared to the same period last year primarily due to price appreciation as the increase in revenues per square foot of homes delivered outpaced the increase in costs per square foot.
homebuilding central: revenues from home sales increased in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries in all the states of the segment and an increase in the average sales price in all the states of the segment, except in virginia. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily due to higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due to favorable market conditions. the decrease in the average sales price of homes delivered in virginia was primarily driven by a change in product mix due to a higher percentage of deliveries in lower-priced communities. gross margin percentage on home sales for the year ended november 30, 2021 increased compared to the same period last year primarily due to price appreciation as the increase in revenues per square foot of homes delivered outpaced the increase in costs per square foot.
homebuilding texas: revenues from home sales increased in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries and an increase in the average sales price. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily due to higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due to favorable market conditions. gross margin percentage on home sales for the year ended november 30, 2021 increased compared to the same period last year primarily due to price appreciation as the increase in revenues per square foot of homes delivered outpaced the increase in costs per square foot.
homebuilding west: revenues from home sales increased in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries and average sales price in all the states of the segment. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily due to higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due to favorable market conditions. gross margin percentage on home sales for the year ended november 30, 2021 increased compared to the same period last year primarily due to price appreciation as the increase in revenues per square foot of homes delivered outpaced the increase in costs per square foot.
financial services segment our financial services reportable segment primarily provides mortgage financing, title and closing services primarily for buyers of our homes, as well as property and casualty insurance. the segment also originates and sells into securitizations commercial mortgage loans through its lmf commercial business. our financial services segment sells substantially all of the residential loans it originates within a short period in the secondary mortgage market, the majority of which are sold on a servicing released, non-recourse basis. after the loans are sold, we retain potential liability for possible claims by purchasers that we breached certain limited industry-standard representations and warranties in the loan sale agreements.
the following table sets forth selected financial and operational information related to the residential mortgage and title activities of our financial services:
years ended november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                                 2021   2020
dollar value of mortgages originated                       $13,247,100                          12,939,200
number of mortgages originated                                  38,100                              40,000
mortgage capture rate of lennar homebuyers                              75%                                 80%
number of title and closing service transactions                67,500                              61,100
at november 30, 2021 and 2020, the carrying value of financial services' commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs") was $157.8 million and $164.2 million, respectively. details of these securities and related debt are within note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
lmf commercial lmf commercial originates and sells into securitizations first mortgage loans, which are secured by income producing commercial properties. lmf commercial originated commercial loans as follows:
november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                   2021                        2020
originations (1)                 $770,107                     703,777
sold                              931,023                     705,089
securitizations                         6                           5
multifamily segment we have been actively involved, primarily through unconsolidated entities, in the development, construction and property management of multifamily rental properties. our multifamily segment focuses on developing a geographically diversified portfolio of institutional quality multifamily rental properties in select u.s. markets.
originally, our multifamily segment focused on building multifamily properties and selling them shortly after they were completed. however, more recently we have focused on creating and participating in ventures that build multifamily properties with the intention of retaining them after they are completed.
the following tables provide information related to our investment in the multifamily segment:
balance sheet                                                                           november 30,
(in thousands)                                                      2021   2020
multifamily investments in unconsolidated entities          $654,029                     724,647
lennar's net investment in multifamily                       976,676                     906,632
statement of operations                                                                                    november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                                                 2021                        2020
number of operating properties/investments sold through joint ventures                1                           5
lennar's share of gains on the sale of operating properties/investments         $14,784                      21,114
the multifamily segment includes multifamily venture fund i (the "lmv i") and multifamily venture fund ii lp (the "lmv ii"), which are long-term multifamily development investment vehicles involved in the development, construction and ownership of class-a multifamily rental properties. details of each as of and during the year ended november 30, 2021 are included below:
november 30, 2021
(in thousands)                                                                    lmv i                         lmv ii lennar's carrying value of investments                                     $254,732                       320,565
equity commitments                                                        2,204,016                     1,257,700
equity commitments called                                                 2,149,357                     1,201,475
lennar's equity commitments                                                 504,016                       381,000
lennar's equity commitments called                                          499,031                       362,913
lennar's remaining commitments                                                4,985                        18,087
distributions to lennar during the year ended november 30, 2021              67,197                         9,672
our multifamily segment had equity investments in unconsolidated entities. the details of the multifamily segment's equity investments in unconsolidated entities and the development activities as of november 30, 2021 were as follows:
(dollars in thousands)                        november 30, 2021
under construction/owned                             17
partially completed and leasing                       6
completed and operating                              43
total unconsolidated joint ventures                  66
total development costs                      $7,900,000
as of november 30, 2021, our multifamily segment also had a pipeline of potential future projects, which were under contract or had letters of intent, totaling approximately $8.5 billion in anticipated development costs across a number of states that will be developed primarily by unconsolidated entities.
despite widespread reductions in economic activity due to the covid-19 pandemic, the properties in which the multifamily segment has investments did not, overall, experience significant increases in vacancies or in delinquent rent payments to date.
lennar other segment our lennar other segment includes fund investments we retained subsequent to the sale of the rialto investment and asset management platform as well as strategic investments in technology companies that are looking to improve the homebuilding and financial services industries to better serve homebuyers and homeowners and increase efficiencies. as of november 30, 2021 and 2020, our balance sheet had $1.5 billion and $521.7 million, respectively, of assets in the lennar other segment, which included investments in unconsolidated entities of $346.3 million and $387.1 million, respectively. the increase in assets during the year ended november 30, 2021 was due to an increase in the value of our strategic technology investments in equity securities, primarily managed by our lenx subsidiary. this increase was largely related to our strategic investments in opendoor, hippo, and smartrent. for the years ended november 30, 2020 and 2019, there were no mark to market gains on our strategic investments in technology companies. during the year ended november 30, 2021, we completed the sale of our residential solar business to sunnova for shares in sunnova. the following is a detail of lennar other realized and unrealized gains (losses):
year ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                              2021
opendoor (open) mark to market                                          $239,312
hippo (hipo) mark to market                                              207,634
smartrent (smrt) mark to market                                           79,483
sunnova (nova) mark to market                                            (8,883)
blend labs (blnd) mark to market                                         (6,744)
gain on sale of solar business                                           158,069
other realized gains                                                      11,705
$680,576
at november 30, 2021 and 2020, the carrying value of lennar other's commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs") was $41.7 million and $53.5 million, respectively. these securities were purchased at discount rates ranging from 33% to 55% with coupon rates ranging from 2.8% to 3.4%, stated and assumed final distribution dates between september 2025 and october 2026, and stated maturity dates between november 2049 and march 2059. we review changes in estimated cash flows periodically to determine if an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred on our cmbs. based on management's assessment, no impairment charges were recorded during the years ended november 30, 2021 and 2020. we classify these securities as held-for-sale at november 30, 2021 and 2020.
financial condition and capital resources at november 30, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash related to our homebuilding, financial services, multifamily and other operations of $3.0 billion, compared to $2.9 billion at november 30, 2020.
we finance all of our activities including homebuilding, financial services, multifamily, other and general operating needs primarily with cash generated from our operations, debt issuances and investor funds as well as cash borrowed under our warehouse lines of credit and our unsecured revolving credit facility (the "credit facility"). at november 30, 2021, we had $2.7 billion of homebuilding cash and cash equivalents and no outstanding borrowings under our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, thereby providing $5.2 billion of available capacity.
operating cash flow activities during 2021 and 2020, cash provided by operating activities totaled $2.5 billion and $4.2 billion, respectively. during 2021, cash provided by operating activities was positively impacted by our net earnings, net of lennar other unrealized/realized gains of $681 million primarily due to mark to market gains on strategic investments that went public during the year ended november 30, 2021 (opendoor, hippo and smartrent) and the sale of our solar business to sunnova. in addition, there was an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities of $881 million, partially offset by an increase in inventories due to strategic land purchases, land development and construction costs of $2.0 billion and an increase in receivables of $290 million.
during 2020, cash provided by operating activities was positively impacted by our net earnings, a decrease in inventories of $781 million, an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities of $266 million and a decrease in loans held-for-sale of $177 million primarily related to the sale of loans originated by financial services.
investing cash flow activities during 2021 and 2020, cash used in investing activities totaled $105 million and $280 million, respectively. during 2021, our cash used in investing activities was primarily due to cash contributions of $408 million to unconsolidated entities, which primarily included (1) $251 million to homebuilding unconsolidated entities (2) $72 million to multifamily unconsolidated entities, and (3) $83 million to strategic technology investments included in the lennar other segment. in addition, we had $128 million of purchases of investment securities related to strategic technology investments in the lennar other segment. this was partially offset by distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities of $362 million, which primarily included (1) $177 million from homebuilding unconsolidated entities (2) $128 million from multifamily unconsolidated entities, and (3) $57 million from our lennar other segment, which included our unconsolidated rialto real estate funds and distributions from strategic investments.
during 2020, our cash used in investing activities was primarily due to cash contributions of $486 million to unconsolidated entities and the deconsolidation of a previously consolidated entity, which included (1) $167 million to multifamily unconsolidated entities, (2) $104 million to homebuilding unconsolidated entities, (3) $63 million to the strategic technology investments included in the lennar other segment; and (4) the derecognition of $152 million of cash as of the date of deconsolidation of a previously consolidated financial services entity. this was partially offset by distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities of $221 million, which primarily included (1) $93 million from multifamily unconsolidated entities, (2) $75 million from homebuilding unconsolidated entities, (3) $1 million from strategic technology ventures, and (4) $44 million from the unconsolidated rialto real estate funds included in our lennar other segment.
financing cash flow activities during 2021 and 2020, our cash used in financing activities totaled $2.4 billion and $2.4 billion, respectively. during 2021, our cash used in financing activities was primarily impacted by (1) redemption of $600 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.125% senior notes due january 2022 at par, (2) retired early, at a premium, $250 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.375% senior notes due october 2022, (3) $300 million aggregate principal amount of our 6.25% senior notes due december 2021, (4) $195 million principal payments on notes payable and other borrowings, (5) repurchase of our common stock for $1.4 billion, which included $1.4 billion of repurchases of our stock under our repurchase program and $65 million of repurchases related to our equity compensation plan, and (6) $310 million of dividend payments. these were partially offset by (1) $344 million of net proceeds from liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned due to land sales to land banks, (2) $262 million of net borrowings under our financial services warehouse facilities, and (3) receipts related to noncontrolling interests of $70 million.
during 2020, our cash used in financing activities was primarily impacted by (1) redemption of $300 million aggregate principal amount of our 2.95% senior notes due november 2020, (2) redemption of $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 8.375% senior notes due january 2021, (3) redemption of $500 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.75% senior notes due april 2021, (4) redemption of $300 million aggregate principal amount of our 6.625% senior notes due may 2020, (5) $605 million principal payments on notes payable and other borrowings, (6) repurchase of our common stock for $322 million, which included $289 million of repurchases of our stock under our repurchase program and $33 million of repurchases related to our equity compensation plan, (7) $282 million of net repayments under our financial services warehouse facilities, and (8) $195 million of dividend payments. this was partially offset by (1) $346 million of proceeds from liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned due to land sales to land banks, (2) $177 million of receipts related to noncontrolling interests, and (3) $93 million of proceeds from other borrowings.
debt to total capital ratios are financial measures commonly used in the homebuilding industry and are presented to assist in understanding the leverage of our homebuilding operations. homebuilding debt to total capital and net homebuilding debt to total capital were calculated as follows:
november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                          2021                            2020
homebuilding debt                                     $4,652,338                       5,955,758
stockholders' equity                                  20,816,425                      17,994,856
total capital                                        $25,468,763                      23,950,614
homebuilding debt to total capital                             18.3%                           24.9%
homebuilding debt                                     $4,652,338                       5,955,758
less: homebuilding cash and cash equivalents           2,735,213                       2,703,986
net homebuilding debt                                 $1,917,125                       3,251,772
net homebuilding debt to total capital (1)                      8.4%                           15.3%
(1)net homebuilding debt to total capital is a non-gaap financial measure defined as net homebuilding debt (homebuilding debt less homebuilding cash and cash equivalents) divided by total capital (net homebuilding debt plus stockholders' equity). our management believes the ratio of net homebuilding debt to total capital is a relevant and a useful financial measure to investors in understanding the leverage employed in our homebuilding operations. however, because net homebuilding debt to total capital is not calculated in accordance with gaap, this financial measure should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to financial measures prescribed by gaap. rather, this non-gaap financial measure should be used to supplement our gaap results.
at november 30, 2021, homebuilding debt to total capital was lower compared to november 30, 2020, primarily as a result of a decrease in homebuilding debt due to debt pay downs and an increase in stockholders' equity due to net earnings, partially offset by share repurchases.
we are continually exploring various types of transactions to manage our leverage and liquidity positions, take advantage of market opportunities and increase our revenues and earnings. these transactions may include the issuance of additional indebtedness, the repurchase of our outstanding indebtedness, the repurchase of our common stock, the acquisition of homebuilders and other companies, the purchase or sale of assets or lines of business, the issuance of common stock or securities convertible into shares of common stock, and/or the pursuit of other financing alternatives. in connection with some of our non-homebuilding businesses, we are also considering other types of transactions such as sales, restructurings, joint ventures, spin-offs or initial public offerings as we continue to move back towards being a pure play homebuilding company. we have announced an intention to spin off our multifamily and single family rental asset management businesses and some of our investment assets.
our homebuilding senior notes and other debts payable are summarized within note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
at november 30, 2021, we had an unsecured revolving credit facility (the "credit facility") with maximum borrowings of $2.5 billion maturing in 2024, that included a $300 million accordion feature, subject to additional commitments, thus the maximum borrowings could be $2.8 billion. the credit agreement provides that up to $500 million in commitments may be used for letters of credit. as of both november 30, 2021 and 2020, we had no outstanding borrowings under the credit facility. under the credit facility agreement, we are required to maintain a minimum consolidated tangible net worth, a maximum leverage ratio and either a liquidity or an interest coverage ratio. these ratios are calculated per the credit facility agreement, which involves adjustments to gaap financial measures. we believe we were in compliance with our debt covenants at november 30, 2021. in addition to the credit facility, we have other letter of credit facilities with different financial institutions.
we often post letters of credit instead of making cash deposits for option contracts and for similar purposes. we often are required to post surety bonds to guarantee completion of projects, particularly when municipal authorities are involved. our outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds are described below:
november 30,
(in thousands)                                                                                                2021   2020
performance letters of credit                                                                         $924,584                       752,096
financial letters of credit                                                                            425,843                       283,193
surety bonds                                                                                         3,553,047                     3,087,711
anticipated future costs primarily for site improvements related to performance surety bonds         1,690,861                     1,584,642
our homebuilding average debt outstanding and the average rates of interest were as follows:
november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                    2021   2020
homebuilding average debt outstanding           $5,711,100                     7,594,961
average interest rate                                     4.9%                          4.9%
interest incurred                                 $275,091                       353,403
under our credit facility agreement (the "credit agreement"), we are required to maintain a minimum consolidated tangible net worth, a maximum leverage ratio and either a liquidity or an interest coverage ratio. these ratios are calculated per the credit agreement, which involves adjustments to gaap financial measures. as of the end of each fiscal quarter, we are required to maintain minimum consolidated tangible net worth of approximately $7.1 billion plus the sum of 50% of the cumulative consolidated net income for each completed fiscal quarter subsequent to february 28, 2019, if positive, and 50% of the net cash proceeds from any equity offerings from and after february 28, 2019, minus the lesser of 50% of the amount paid after april 11, 2019 to repurchase common stock and $375 million. we are required to maintain a leverage ratio that shall not exceed 65% and may be reduced by 2.5% per quarter if our interest coverage ratio is less than 2.25:1.00 for two consecutive fiscal calendar quarters. the leverage ratio will have a floor of 60%. if our interest coverage ratio subsequently exceeds 2.25:1.00 for two consecutive fiscal calendar quarters, the leverage ratio we will be required to maintain will be increased by 2.5% per quarter to a maximum of 65%. as of the end of each fiscal quarter, we are also required to maintain either (1) liquidity in an amount equal to or greater than 1.00x consolidated interest incurred for the last twelve months then ended or (2) an interest coverage ratio equal to or greater than 1.50:1.00 for the last twelve months then ended. we believe that we were in compliance with our debt covenants at november 30, 2021.
the following summarizes our required debt covenants and our actual levels or ratios with respect to those covenants as calculated per the credit agreement as of november 30, 2021:
(dollars in thousands)              covenant level                   level achieved as of november 30, 2021
minimum net worth test          $10,416,935                                       13,758,218
maximum leverage ratio                       65.0%                                                    12.5%
liquidity test (1)                     1.00          10.85
(1)we are only required to maintain either (1) liquidity in an amount equal to or greater than 1.00x consolidated interest incurred for the last twelve months then ended or (2) an interest coverage ratio of equal to or greater than 1.50:1.00 for the last twelve months then ended. although we are in compliance with our debt covenants for both calculations, we have only disclosed our liquidity test.
at november 30, 2021, the financial services segment had warehouse facilities, all of which were 364-day repurchase facilities and were used to fund residential mortgages or commercial mortgages for lmf commercial as follows:
(in thousands)                                 maximum aggregate commitment residential facilities maturing:
december 2021 (1)                                      $500,000
april 2022                                              700,000
july 2022                                               600,000
october 2022                                            500,000
total - residential facilities                       $2,300,000
lmf commercial facilities maturing:
december 2021 (1)                                      $400,000
november 2022                                           100,000
july 2023                                                50,000
total - lmf commercial facilities                      $550,000
total                                                $2,850,000
(1)subsequent to november 30, 2021, the maturity date was extended to december 2022.
the financial services segment uses the residential warehouse facilities to finance its residential lending activities until the mortgage loans are sold to investors and the proceeds are collected. the facilities are non-recourse to us and are expected to be renewed or replaced with other facilities when they mature. the lmf commercial facilities finance lmf commercial loan originations and securitization activities and were secured by up to 80% interests in the originated commercial loans financed.
borrowings and collateral under the facilities and their prior year predecessors were as follows:
november 30,
(in thousands)                                                     2021   2020
borrowings under the residential facilities              $1,482,258                         1,185,797
collateral under the residential facilities               1,539,641                         1,231,619
borrowings under the lmf commercial facilities               96,294                           124,617
if the facilities are not renewed or replaced, the borrowings under the lines of credit will be repaid by selling the mortgage loans held-for-sale to investors and by collecting receivables on loans sold but not yet paid for. without the facilities, the financial services segment would have to use cash from operations and other funding sources to finance its lending activities.
changes in capital structure in january 2021, our board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program, which replaced a january 2019 stock repurchase program, under which we were authorized to purchase up to the lesser of $1.0 billion in value, or 25.0 million in shares, of our outstanding class a or class b common stock. the repurchase authority had no expiration date. in october 2021, the board of directors authorized an increase to the stock repurchase program to enable us to repurchase up to the lesser of an additional $1.0 billion in value, or 25.0 million in shares, of our outstanding class a or class b common stock. the repurchase authority has no expiration date. shortly after the new authorization, the january 2021 stock repurchase program was completed as we had purchased the $1.0 billion in value authorized under that stock repurchase program. the following table provides information about our repurchases of class a and class b common stock for the years ended november 30, 2021 and 2020:
years ended november 30, 2021                                          november 30, 2020
(dollars in thousands, except price per share)        class a                          class b                   class a                        class b shares repurchased                                    13,910,000                       100,000                   4,250,000                      115,000
principal                                             $1,357,081                       $8,197                    $282,274                       $6,155
average price per share                               $97.56                           $81.97                    $66.42                         $53.52
during the year ended november 30, 2021, treasury stock increased by 14.7 million shares of class a common stock and 0.1 million shares of class b common stock primarily due to 14.0 million shares of common stock repurchased during the year through our stock repurchase program. during the year ended november 30, 2020, treasury stock increased by 4.9 million shares of class a common stock and 0.1 million shares of class b common stock primarily due to 4.4 million shares of common stock repurchased during the year through our stock repurchase program.
during the years ended november 30, 2021 and 2020, our class a and class b common stockholders received an aggregate per share annual dividend of $1.00 and $0.625, respectively. on january 12, 2022, our board of directors increased the annual dividend rate to $1.50 per share, resulting in a quarterly cash dividend of $0.375 per share on both our class a and class b common stock. the dividend is payable on february 10, 2022 to holders of record at the close of business on january 27, 2022.
based on our current financial condition and credit relationships, we believe that, assuming the effects of the covid-19 pandemic and resulting governmental actions on our operations do not significantly worsen for a protracted period, our operations and borrowing resources will provide for our current and long-term capital requirements at our anticipated levels of activity.
supplemental financial information currently, substantially all of our 100% owned homebuilding subsidiaries are guaranteeing all our senior notes (the "guaranteed notes"). the guarantees are full and unconditional. however, they will be suspended as to a subsidiary any time it is not directly or indirectly guaranteeing at least $75 million of lennar corporation debt (other than senior notes) and be released when the subsidiary is sold. these guarantees are outlined in the supplemental financial information below.
the indentures governing our senior notes require that, if any of our 100% owned subsidiaries, other than our finance company subsidiaries and foreign subsidiaries, directly or indirectly guarantee at least $75 million principal amount of debt of lennar corporation (other than senior notes), those subsidiaries must also guarantee lennar corporation's obligations with regard to its senior notes. included in the following tables as part of "obligors" together with lennar corporation are subsidiary entities that are not finance company subsidiaries or foreign subsidiaries and were guaranteeing the senior notes because at november 30, 2021 they were guaranteeing lennar corporation's letter of credit facilities and its credit facility, disclosed in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. the guarantees are full, unconditional and joint and several and the guarantor subsidiaries are 100% directly or indirectly owned by lennar corporation. a subsidiary's guarantee of lennar senior notes will be suspended at any time when it is not directly or indirectly guaranteeing at least $75 million principal amount of debt of lennar corporation (other than senior notes), and a subsidiary will be released from its guarantee and any other obligations it may have regarding the senior notes if all or substantially all its assets, or all of its capital stock, are sold or otherwise disposed. if the proposed spin-off of our multifamily and single family rental asset management businesses takes place, the subsidiaries involved in those businesses will no longer guarantee our senior notes.
supplemental information for the obligors, which excludes non-guarantor subsidiaries and intercompany transactions, at november 30, 2021 is included in the following tables. intercompany balances and transactions within the obligors have been eliminated and amounts attributable to the obligor's investment in consolidated subsidiaries that have not issued or guaranteed the senior notes have been excluded. amounts due from and transactions with non-guarantor subsidiaries and related parties are separately disclosed:
(in thousands)                                november 30, 2021       november 30, 2020
due from non-guarantor subsidiaries          $4,187,044               2,655,503
equity method investments                       937,920                 951,579
total assets                                 30,750,296              27,695,067
total liabilities                             9,631,796               9,599,718
year ended
(in thousands)                                november 30, 2021
total revenues                              $25,711,448
operating earnings                            5,143,250
earnings before income taxes                  4,690,105
net earnings attributable to lennar           3,592,305
off-balance sheet arrangements homebuilding - investments in unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2021, we had equity investments in 41 active homebuilding and land unconsolidated entities (of which four had recourse debt, 11 had non-recourse debt and 26 had no debt), compared to 38 active homebuilding and land unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2020. historically, we have invested in unconsolidated entities that acquired and developed land (1) for our homebuilding operations or for sale to third parties or (2) for the construction of homes for sale to third-party homebuyers. through these entities, we have primarily sought to reduce and share our risk by limiting the amount of our capital invested in land, while obtaining access to potential future homesites and allowing us to participate in strategic ventures. the use of these entities also, in some instances, has enabled us to acquire land to which we could not otherwise obtain access, or could not obtain access on as favorable terms, without the participation of a strategic partner. participants in these joint ventures have been land owners/developers, other homebuilders and financial or strategic partners. joint ventures with land owners/developers have given us access to homesites owned or controlled by our partners. joint ventures with other homebuilders have provided us with the ability to bid jointly with our partners for large land parcels. joint ventures with financial partners have allowed us to combine our homebuilding expertise with access to our partners' capital. joint ventures with strategic partners have allowed us to combine our homebuilding expertise with the specific expertise (e.g. commercial or infill experience) of our partner. each joint venture is governed by an executive committee consisting of members from the partners. details regarding these investments, balances and debt are included in note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we regularly monitor the results of our unconsolidated joint ventures and any trends that may affect their future liquidity or results of operations. we also monitor the performance of joint ventures in which we have investments on a regular basis to assess compliance with debt covenants. for those joint ventures not in compliance with the debt covenants, we evaluate and assess possible impairment of our investment. we believe all of the joint ventures were in compliance with their debt covenants at november 30, 2021.
the following table summarizes the principal maturities of our homebuilding unconsolidated entities ("jvs") debt as per current debt arrangements as of november 30, 2021. it does not represent estimates of future cash payments that will be made to reduce debt balances. many jv loans have extension options in the loan agreements that would allow the loans to be extended into future years.
principal maturities of homebuilding unconsolidated jvs debt by period
(in thousands)                                         total jv debt   2022                            2023                            2024                                           thereafter                       other debt without recourse to lennar                    $1,218,174                           260,829                       68,335                          252,052                         636,958                          -
land seller and cdd debt                                5,102                                 -                       -                               -                               -                                5,102
maximum recourse debt exposure to lennar                5,307                             3,599                       -                               -                               1,708                            -
debt issuance costs                                  (11,862)                                 -                       -                               -                               -                                (11,862)
total                                              $1,216,721                           264,428                       68,335                          252,052                         638,666                          (6,760)
multifamily - investments in unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2021, multifamily had equity investments in 17 unconsolidated entities that are engaged in multifamily residential developments (of which 11 had non-recourse debt and 6 had no debt), compared to 22 unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2020. we invest in unconsolidated entities that acquire and develop land to construct multifamily rental properties. through these entities, we are focusing on developing a geographically diversified portfolio of institutional quality multifamily rental properties in select u.s. markets. participants in these joint ventures have been financial partners. joint ventures with financial partners have allowed us to combine our development and construction expertise with access to our partners' capital. each joint venture is governed by an operating agreement that provides significant substantive participating voting rights on major decisions to our partners.
the multifamily segment includes lmv i and lmv ii, which are long-term multifamily development investment vehicles involved in the development, construction and ownership of class-a multifamily rental properties. details of each as of and during the year ended november 30, 2021 are included in note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we regularly monitor the results of our unconsolidated joint ventures and any trends that may affect their future liquidity or results of operations. we also monitor the performance of joint ventures in which we have investments on a regular basis to assess compliance with debt covenants. for those joint ventures not in compliance with the debt covenants, we evaluate and assess possible impairment of our investment. we believe all of the joint ventures were in compliance with their debt covenants at november 30, 2021.
the following table summarizes the principal maturities of our multifamily unconsolidated entities debt as per current debt arrangements as of november 30, 2021. it does not represent estimates of future cash payments that will be made to reduce debt balances.
principal maturities of multifamily unconsolidated jvs debt by period
(in thousands)                                total jv debt   2022                            2023                              2024                                           thereafter                         other debt without recourse to lennar           $3,430,807                           586,964                         1,034,645                         682,946                       1,126,252                          -
debt issuance costs                         (23,445)                                 -                                 -                               -                       -                                  (23,445)
total                                     $3,407,362                           586,964                         1,034,645                         682,946                       1,126,252                          (23,445)
lennar other - investments in unconsolidated entities as part of the sale of the rialto investment and asset management platform, we retained our ability to receive a portion of payments with regard to carried interests if funds meet specified performance thresholds. we periodically receive advance distributions related to the carried interests in order to cover income tax obligations resulting from allocations of taxable income to the carried interests. these distributions are not subject to clawbacks but will reduce future carried interest payments to which we become entitled and have been recorded as revenues.
as of november 30, 2021 and 2020, we had strategic technology investments in unconsolidated entities of $145.6 million and $196.6 million, respectively, accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
option contracts we often obtain access to land through option contracts, which generally enable us to control portions of properties owned by third parties (including land funds) and unconsolidated entities until we have determined whether to exercise the options. since fiscal year 2020, we have been increasing the percentage of our total homesites that we control through options rather than own.
as part of our focus on strategic relationships to further enhance our land lighter strategy, at the end of fiscal year 2020 we entered into an arrangement with a land bank investor group. the arrangement has a specified time land holding of 12 to 18 months. under the arrangement, in most instances when we want to acquire a property for use in our for-sale single family home business, we will offer the investor group the opportunity to acquire the property and give us an option to purchase all or a portion of it in the future back, if it is mutually beneficial to both parties. the maximum amount the investor group is committed to spend is $3.1 billion. to the extent the investor group does not elect to purchase properties we identify, we can utilize our other investor relationships to have other investor groups purchase the land or we can purchase it directly. the arrangement with the investor group, together with existing and other strategic partnerships we are discussing, are significant steps in our strategy to migrate to a higher percentage of our homesites which we control but do not own, which we expect will result in greater cash flow and higher returns on assets and equity.
the table below indicates the number of homesites owned and homesites to which we had access through option contracts with third parties ("optioned") or unconsolidated jvs (i.e., controlled homesites) at november 30, 2021 and 2020:
controlled homesites november 30, 2021                optioned               jvs                               total                      owned             total            years of supply owned (1)
homesites         homesites east                          87,083                    -                            87,083                   51,041           138,124
central                       30,682                    -                            30,682                   41,872            72,554
texas                         75,027                    -                            75,027                   37,946           112,973
west                          58,631                    -                            58,631                   49,059           107,690
other                              -                    6,086                         6,086                    2,043             8,129
total homesites              251,423                    6,086                       257,509                  181,961           439,470                                  3.0
% of total homesites                                                  59                      %                   41     %
controlled homesites november 30, 2020                optioned                         jvs                       total                      owned             total            years of supply owned (1)
homesites         homesites east                          33,877                        8,397                      42,274                   58,561           100,835
central                       17,525                          110                      17,635                   41,950            59,585
texas                         23,156                            -                      23,156                   34,497            57,653
west                          24,714                        2,848                      27,562                   49,357            76,919
other                          1,137                        7,519                       8,656                    2,242            10,898
total homesites              100,409                       18,874                     119,283                  186,607           305,890                                  3.5
% of total homesites                                                                       39   %                   61     %
(1)based on trailing twelve months of home deliveries.
details on option contracts and related consolidated inventory not owned and exposure are included in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table summarizes certain of our contractual obligations at november 30, 2021:
payments due by period
(in thousands)                                                             total           less than                         1 to 3                         3 to 5                       more than
1 year                          years                          years                         5 years homebuilding - senior notes and other debts payable (1)           $4,641,511           718,279                       1,634,364                        994,226                      1,294,642
financial services - notes and other debts payable                 1,726,026         1,574,226                           4,326                              -                        147,474
interest commitments under interest bearing debt (2)                 831,237           230,272                         352,409                        182,234                         66,322
operating leases obligations                                         184,145            40,387                          52,109                         32,767                         58,882
other contractual obligations (3)                                    129,158            75,935                          53,223                              -                              -
total contractual obligations (4)                                 $7,512,077         2,639,099                       2,096,431                      1,209,227                      1,567,320
(1)the amounts presented in the table above exclude debt issuance costs and any discounts/premiums and purchase accounting adjustments.
(2)interest commitments on variable interest-bearing debt are determined based on the interest rate as of november 30, 2021.
(3)amounts include $5.0 million and $18.1 million remaining equity investment commitments to lmv i and lmv ii, respectively, for future expenditures related to the construction and development of the projects and $106.1 million remaining equity investment commitment to the upward america venture.
(4)total contractual obligations exclude our gross unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties totaling $72.2 million as of november 30, 2021, because we are unable to make reasonable estimates as to the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities.
we are subject to the usual obligations associated with entering into contracts (including option contracts) for the purchase, development and sale of real estate in the routine conduct of our business. option contracts for the purchase of land generally reduces our financial risk and costs of capital associated with land holdings. at november 30, 2021, we had access to
257,509 homesites through option contracts with third parties and unconsolidated entities in which we have investments. at november 30, 2021, we had $1.2 billion of non-refundable option deposits and pre-acquisition costs related to certain of these homesites and had posted $175.9 million of letters of credit in lieu of cash deposits under certain land and option contracts.
at november 30, 2021, we had letters of credit outstanding in the amount of $1.4 billion (which included the $175.9 million of letters of credit discussed above). details on our letters of credit outstanding and outstanding surety bonds are included in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our financial services segment had a pipeline of loan applications in process of $5.6 billion at november 30, 2021. loans in process for which interest rates were committed to the borrowers totaled approximately $833.1 million as of november 30, 2021. substantially all of these commitments were for periods of 60 days or less. since a portion of these commitments is expected to expire without being exercised by the borrowers or borrowers may not meet certain criteria at the time of closing, the total commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.
our financial services segment uses mandatory mortgage-backed securities ("mbs") forward commitments, option contracts, futures contracts and investor commitments to hedge our mortgage-related interest rate exposure. these instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk. credit risk associated with mbs forward commitments, option contracts, futures contracts and loan sales transactions is managed by limiting our counterparties to investment banks, federally regulated bank affiliates and other investors meeting our credit standards. our risk, in the event of default by the purchaser, is the difference between the contract price and fair value of the mbs forward commitments and the option contracts. at november 30, 2021, we had open commitments amounting to $1.9 billion to sell mbs with varying settlement dates through february 2022 and there were no open futures contracts.
the following sections discuss market and financing risk, seasonality and interest rates and changing prices that may have an impact on our business:
market and financing risk we finance our contributions to jvs, land acquisition and development activities, construction activities, financial services activities, multifamily activities and general operating needs primarily with cash generated from operations and debt, as well as borrowings under our credit facility and warehouse repurchase facilities. we also purchase land under option agreements, which enables us to control homesites until we have determined whether to exercise the options. we try to manage the financial risks of adverse market conditions associated with land holdings by what we believe to be prudent underwriting of land purchases in areas we view as desirable growth markets, careful management of the land development process and limitation of risks by using partners to share the costs of purchasing and developing land as well as obtaining access to land through option contracts. although we believed our land underwriting standards were conservative, we did not anticipate the severe decline in land values and the sharply reduced demand for new homes encountered in the 2008 - 2010 economic downturn.
seasonality we historically have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, variability in quarterly results. our homebuilding business is seasonal in nature and generally reflects higher levels of new home order activity in our second and third fiscal quarters and increased deliveries in the second half of our fiscal year. however, a variety of factors can alter seasonal patterns. for example, in 2020, the shutdown of large portions of our national economy in march and april due to the covid-19 pandemic temporarily reduced our home sales, and therefore altered our normal seasonal pattern.
interest rates and changing prices inflation can have a long-term impact on us because increasing costs of land, materials and labor result in a need to increase the sales prices of homes. in addition, inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which can have a negative impact on housing demand and increase the costs of financing land development activities and housing construction. rising interest rates as well as increased material and labor costs, may reduce gross margins. an increase in materials and labor costs would be particularly a problem during a period of declining home prices. conversely, deflation can impact the value of real estate and make it difficult for us to recover our land costs. therefore, either inflation or deflation could adversely impact our future results of operations.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for a comprehensive list of new accounting pronouncements.
critical accounting policies and estimates our accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this document. as discussed in note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. future events and their effects cannot be determined with absolute certainty. therefore, the determination of estimates requires the exercise of judgment. actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences may be material to our consolidated financial statements. listed below are those policies and estimates that we believe are critical and require the use of significant judgment in their application.
goodwill we have recorded a significant amount of goodwill in connection with the 2018 acquisition of calatlantic. we record goodwill associated with acquisitions of businesses when the purchase price of the business exceeds the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable assets acquired. in accordance with asc topic 350, intangibles-goodwill and other ("asc 350"), we evaluate goodwill for potential impairment on at least an annual basis. we have the option to perform a qualitative or quantitative assessment to determine whether the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value. qualitative factors may include, but are not limited to, economic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance of the reporting units and other entity and reporting unit specific events. we believe that the accounting estimate for goodwill is a critical accounting estimate because of the judgment required in assessing the fair value of each of our reporting units. we estimate fair value through various valuation methods, including the use of discounted expected future cash flows of each reporting unit. the expected future cash flows for each segment are significantly impacted by current market conditions. if these market conditions and resulting expected future cash flows for each reporting unit decline significantly, the actual results for each segment could differ from our estimate, which would cause goodwill to be impaired. our accounting for goodwill represents our best estimate of future events.
homebuilding revenue recognition homebuilding revenues and related profits from sales of homes are recognized at the time of the closing of a sale, when title to and possession of the property are transferred to the homebuyer. our performance obligation, to deliver the agreed-upon home, is generally satisfied in less than one year from the original contract date. cash proceeds from home closings held in escrow for our benefit, typically for approximately three days, are included in homebuilding cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets and disclosed in the notes to consolidated balance sheets. contract liabilities include customer deposits liabilities related to sold but undelivered homes that are included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. we periodically elect to sell parcels of land to third parties. cash consideration from land sales is typically due on the closing date, which is generally when performance obligations are satisfied, and revenue is recognized as title to and possession of the property are transferred to the buyer.
multifamily revenue recognition our multifamily segment provides management services with respect to the development, construction and property management of rental projects in joint ventures in which we have investments. as a result, our multifamily segment earns and receives fees, which are generally based upon a stated percentage of development and construction costs and a percentage of gross rental collections. these fees are recorded over the period in which the services are performed using an input method, which properly depicts the level of effort required to complete the management services. in addition, our multifamily segment provides general contractor services for the construction of some of its rental projects and recognizes the revenue over the period in which the services are performed using an input method, which properly depicts the level of effort required to complete the construction services. these customer contracts require us to provide management and general contractor services which represents a performance obligation that we satisfy over time. management fees and general contractor services in the multifamily segment are included in multifamily revenue.
inventories inventories are stated at cost unless the inventory within a community is determined to be impaired, in which case the impaired inventory is written down to fair value. inventory costs include land, land development and home construction costs, real estate taxes, deposits on land purchase contracts and interest related to development and construction. we review our inventory for indicators of impairment by evaluating each community during each reporting period. if the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by a community are less than its carrying amount, an impairment charge is recorded to write down the carrying amount of such community to its estimated fair value.
in conducting our review for indicators of impairment on a community level, we evaluate, among other things, the margins on homes that have been delivered, margins on homes under sales contracts in backlog, projected margins with regard to future home sales over the life of the community, projected margins with regard to future land sales, and the estimated fair value of the land itself.
we estimate the fair value of our communities using a discounted cash flow model. the projected cash flows for each community are significantly impacted by estimates related to market supply and demand, product type by community, homesite sizes, sales pace, sales prices, sales incentives, construction costs, sales and marketing expenses, the local economy, competitive conditions, labor costs, costs of materials and other factors for that particular community. every division evaluates the historical performance of each of its communities as well as current trends in the market and economy impacting the community and its surrounding areas. these trends are analyzed for each of the estimates listed above.
since the estimates and assumptions included in our cash flow models are based upon historical results and projected trends, they do not anticipate unexpected changes in market conditions or strategies that may lead to us incurring additional impairment charges in the future.
using all the available information, we calculate our best estimate of projected cash flows for each community. while many of the estimates are calculated based on historical and projected trends, all estimates are subjective and change from market to market and community to community as market and economic conditions change. the determination of fair value also requires discounting the estimated cash flows at a rate we believe a market participant would determine to be commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow streams. the discount rate used in determining each asset's fair value depends on the community's projected life and development stage.
we estimate the fair value of inventory evaluated for impairment based on market conditions and assumptions made by management at the time the inventory is evaluated, which may differ materially from actual results if market conditions or our assumptions change.
we believe that the accounting related to inventory valuation and impairment is a critical accounting policy because: (1) assumptions inherent in the valuation of our inventory are highly subjective and susceptible to change and (2) the impact of recognizing impairments on our inventory has been and could continue to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
product warranty although we subcontract virtually all aspects of construction to others and our contracts call for the subcontractors to repair or replace any deficient items related to their trades, we are primarily responsible to homebuyers to correct any deficiencies. additionally, in some instances, we may be held responsible for the actions of or losses incurred by subcontractors. warranty and similar reserves for homes are established at an amount estimated to be adequate to cover potential costs for materials and labor with regard to warranty-type claims expected to be incurred subsequent to the delivery of a home. reserves are determined based upon historical data and trends with respect to similar product types and geographical areas. we believe the accounting estimate related to the reserve for warranty costs is a critical accounting estimate because the estimate requires a large degree of judgment. while we believe that the reserve for warranty costs is adequate, there can be no assurances that historical data and trends will accurately predict our actual warranty costs. additionally, there can be no assurances that future economic or financial developments might not lead to a significant change in the reserve.
investments in unconsolidated entities we strategically invest in unconsolidated entities that acquire and develop land (1) for our homebuilding operations or for sale to third parties, (2) for construction of homes for sale to third-party homebuyers or (3) for the construction and sale of multifamily rental properties. our homebuilding partners generally are unrelated homebuilders, land owners/developers and financial or other strategic partners. additionally, in recent years, we have invested in technology companies that are looking to improve the homebuilding and financial services industry in order to better serve homebuyers and homeowners and increase efficiencies. our multifamily partners are all financial partners.
most of the unconsolidated entities through which we acquire and develop land are accounted for by the equity method of accounting because we are not the primary beneficiary or a de-facto agent, and we have a significant, but less than controlling, interest in the entities. we record our investments in these entities in our consolidated balance sheets as investments in unconsolidated entities and our pro-rata share of the entities' earnings or losses in our consolidated statements of operations as equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities within each of the respective segments. for most unconsolidated entities, we generally have the right to share in earnings and distributions on a pro-rata basis based upon ownership percentages. however, certain homebuilding unconsolidated entities and all of our multifamily unconsolidated entities provide for a different allocation of profit and cash distributions if and when cumulative results of the joint venture exceed specified targets (such as a specified internal rate of return). advances to these entities are included in the investment balance.
management looks at specific criteria and uses its judgment when determining if we are the primary beneficiary of, or have a controlling interest in, an unconsolidated entity. factors considered in determining whether we have significant influence, or we have control include risk and reward sharing, experience and financial condition of the other partners, voting rights, involvement in day-to-day capital and operating decisions and continuing involvement. the accounting policy relating to the use of the equity method of accounting is a critical accounting policy due to the judgment required in determining whether the entity is a vie or a voting interest entity and then whether we are the primary beneficiary or have control or significant influence. we believe that the equity method of accounting is appropriate for our investments in unconsolidated entities where we are not the primary beneficiary and we do not have a controlling interest, but rather share control with our partners.
we evaluate the long-lived assets in unconsolidated entities for indicators of impairment during each reporting period. a series of operating losses of an investee or other factors may indicate that a decrease in the fair value of our investment in the unconsolidated entity below its carrying amount has occurred which is other-than-temporary. the amount of impairment recognized is the excess of the investment's carrying amount over its estimated fair value.
the evaluation of our investment in unconsolidated entities for other-than-temporary impairment includes certain critical assumptions: (1) projected future distributions from the unconsolidated entities, (2) discount rates applied to the future distributions and (3) various other factors. our assumptions on the projected future distributions from unconsolidated entities are dependent on market conditions.
we believe our assumptions on discount rates are critical accounting policies because the selection of the discount rates affects the estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities. a higher discount rate reduces the estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities, while a lower discount rate increases the estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities. because of changes in economic conditions, actual results could differ materially from management's assumptions and may require material valuation adjustments to our investments in unconsolidated entities to be recorded in the future.
consolidation of variable interest entities gaap requires the assessment of whether an entity is a vie and, if so, if we are the primary beneficiary at the inception of the entity or at a reconsideration event. additionally, gaap requires the consolidation of vies in which we have a controlling financial interest. a controlling financial interest will have both of the following characteristics: (a) the power to direct the activities of a vie that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie or the right to receive benefits from the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie.
our variable interest in vies may be in the form of (1) equity ownership, (2) contracts to purchase assets, (3) management services and development agreements between us and a vie, (4) loans provided by us to a vie or other partner and/or (5) guarantees provided by members to banks and other third parties. we examine specific criteria and use our judgment when determining if we are the primary beneficiary of a vie. factors considered in determining whether we are the primary beneficiary include risk and reward sharing, experience and financial condition of other partner(s), voting rights, involvement in day-to-day capital and operating decisions, representation on a vie's executive committee, existence of unilateral kick-out rights or voting rights, level of economic disproportionality between us and the other partner(s) and contracts to purchase assets from vies.
generally, all major decision making in our joint ventures is shared among all partners. in particular, business plans and budgets are generally required to be unanimously approved by all partners. usually, management and other fees earned by us are nominal and believed to be at market and there is no significant economic disproportionality between us and other partners. generally, we purchase less than a majority of the jv's assets and the purchase prices under our option contracts are believed to be at market.
generally, our unconsolidated entities become vies and consolidate when the other partner(s) lack the intent and financial wherewithal to remain in the entity. as a result, we continue to fund operations and debt paydowns through partner loans or substituted capital contributions. the accounting policy relating to variable interest entities is a critical accounting policy because the determination of whether an entity is a vie and, if so, whether we are primary beneficiary may require us to exercise significant judgment.
