item 1a.    risk factors covid-19 risks the covid-19 pandemic, including associated variants, has materially and adversely affected, and could continue to materially and adversely affect, the company's results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.
the covid-19 pandemic, including associated variants, has materially and adversely affected passenger demand and bookings for both business and leisure travel, thereby materially and adversely affecting operating income and cash flows from operations. the extent of the continued impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the company's business and its financial and operational performance will depend on future developments, including (i) the duration, spread, severity, or any recurrence of the covid-19 pandemic, including through any new variant strains of the underlying virus; (ii) the effectiveness, availability, and usage of vaccines; (iii) the duration and scope of governmental orders and restrictions related to the covid-19 pandemic; (iv) the extent of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on overall demand for air travel and the company's related business plans and decisions; (v) the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the company's ability to retain employees; and (vi) the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the company's access to capital, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused public health officials to recommend precautions to mitigate the spread of the virus. since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, federal, state, and local authorities have at various times instituted measures such as imposing testing and self-quarantine requirements, issuing directives forcing businesses to reduce operations or temporarily close, restricting international air travel, and issuing shelter-in-place and similar orders limiting the movement of individuals. additionally, businesses have restricted non-essential travel for their employees. such measures have depressed demand for air travel, disrupted the company's operations, and materially adversely affected the company's business. the company will continue to be adversely affected if businesses continue to restrict travel for their employees.
moreover, the ability to attract and retain passengers depends, in part, upon the perception and reputation of the company and the public's concerns regarding the health and safety of travel generally, especially regarding airline travel. actual or perceived risk of infection on company flights could have a material adverse effect on the public's comfort with air travel, which could harm the company's reputation and business. the company expects it will continue to incur covid-19 related costs as it continues to take other actions to limit infection among its employees and passengers. in addition, the industry may be subject to further health and hygiene requirements designed to counteract future outbreaks, which requirements may be costly and take a significant amount of time to implement.
the covid-19 pandemic may also materially and adversely affect the company's supply chain. for example, the company is dependent on boeing as its sole supplier for many of its aircraft parts. the company is also dependent on (i) sole or limited suppliers for aircraft engines and certain other aircraft parts, equipment, and services; (ii) third party vendors; and (iii) service providers. the covid-19 pandemic has resulted, and could continue to result, in delays and other performance issues, ceased operations, or even bankruptcies among these suppliers, third party vendors, and service providers. further failures of suppliers, third party vendors, or service providers to timely provide adequate products or support for their products, or otherwise fulfill their commitments to the company, could materially adversely affect the company's operations.
the effects of the covid-19 pandemic on the financial markets may materially and adversely affect the company's access to capital and cost of capital, including its ability to raise funds through equity or debt financings. for example, as a result of the economic effects of the covid-19 pandemic, in the first half of 2020, moody's, s&p global, and fitch downgraded the company's senior unsecured debt ratings and issuer ratings. if the company's credit ratings were to be further downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to the company's rating levels, the airline industry, or the company, the company's access to capital and the cost of any debt financing would be negatively affected. the terms of future debt agreements could include more restrictive covenants or require incremental collateral, which could further restrict the company's business operations. there is no guarantee that debt or equity financings will be available in the future to fund the company's obligations, or that they will be available on terms consistent with the company's expectations.
even once the pandemic and fears of travel subside, demand for air travel may remain weak for a significant period of time. in particular, consumer behavior related to traveling may be negatively impacted by adverse changes in business travel patterns or adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, including declines in income levels and/or loss of wealth resulting from the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. the covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve. the ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to change.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, federal, state, and local agencies have issued laws, regulations, and orders relating to health and occupational safety. laws, regulations, orders, or other government actions requiring that employees be vaccinated could materially adversely affect the company's operations.
in september 2021, the president of the united states issued an executive order establishing a vaccination requirement for employees of covered federal contractors. the federal government required that federal contractors have their workforce vaccinated (or request an accommodation) by december 8, 2021. the deadline was later extended to january 4, 2022. the company started an active campaign to notify employees of the need to submit proof of covid-19 vaccination, or apply for an accommodation, by january 4, 2022. on december 3, 2021, the company announced that 93 percent of its employees were vaccinated, or had requested an accommodation. due to legal challenges to the vaccine mandate, the company announced on december 20, 2021, that it is no longer targeting a january 4, 2022, deadline for compliance. however, if the vaccine mandate is revived, the company expects to resume efforts to work with employees who have not yet either submitted proof of vaccination or requested an accommodation.
the extent to which the company's employees choose not to get vaccinated or do not qualify for an accommodation could result in a negative impact to the company's operations. furthermore, the company's ability to effectively hire and retain new employees could be negatively impacted if potential candidates are unable or unwilling to comply with the vaccination requirement. federal agencies employing personnel critical to the company's operations, such as air traffic control, security, and customs staffing, could be similarly impacted by the executive order requiring the vaccination of federal employees. a reduction in the number of federal employees available to support the company's operations could materially adversely affect the company's operations.
the company is also dependent on third party vendors and service providers to support its operations. to the extent third party vendors or service providers are subject to vaccination laws, regulations, orders, or other government actions and they or their employees are unable or unwilling to comply with applicable requirements, the company's arrangements with those vendors or providers could be adversely impacted, the company might not be able to maintain its arrangement with such parties, or at competitive terms, and the company's operations could be materially adversely affected.
the company has entered into agreements with treasury with respect to funding support; pursuant to these agreements the company has agreed to certain restrictions on how it operates its business and uses its cash, which could limit the ability of the company to take actions that it otherwise might have determined were in the best interests of the company and its shareholders.
since the start of the pandemic, the company entered into definitive documentation with treasury with respect to payroll support pursuant to three separate payroll support programs: the "psp1 payroll support program" in april 2020 under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act; the "psp2 payroll support program" in january 2021 under the consolidated appropriations act, 2021; and the "psp3 payroll support program" in april 2021 under the american rescue plan act of 2021. pursuant to these agreements, the company has agreed to certain ongoing restrictions on, and requirements with respect to, its business and operations, including the following:
•the company is prohibited from repurchasing its common stock and from paying dividends or making capital contributions with respect to its common stock through september 30, 2022;
•the company must place certain restrictions on certain higher-paid employee and executive pay, including limiting pay increases and severance pay or other benefits upon terminations, until april 1, 2023; and
•the company must maintain certain internal controls and records relating to the payroll support funds, and is subject to additional reporting requirements.
these restrictions and requirements may necessitate that the company take, or limit taking, actions it might otherwise believe to be in the best interests of the company and its shareholders. for example, the restrictions could require that the company change certain of its business practices, risk the company's ability to retain key personnel, and expose the company to additional costs (including increased compliance costs).
financial risks the airline industry is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions; in the event of continued or future unfavorable economic conditions or economic uncertainty, the company's results of operations could be further negatively affected, which could require the company to further adjust its business strategies.
the airline industry, which is subject to relatively high fixed costs and highly variable and unpredictable demand, is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions. historically, unfavorable u.s. economic conditions have driven changes in travel patterns and have resulted in reduced spending for both leisure and business travel. for some consumers, leisure travel is a discretionary expense, and short-haul travelers, in particular, have the option to replace air travel with surface travel. as has become particularly evident as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, businesses and other travelers are able to forego air travel by using communication alternatives such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the internet. in addition, to the extent businesses continue to permit air travel during the covid-19 pandemic, they are more likely to require the purchase of less expensive tickets to reduce costs. this, in turn, can result in a decrease in average revenue per seat. also, as has become particularly evident as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, unfavorable economic conditions, when low fares are often used to stimulate traffic, hamper the ability of airlines to raise fares to counteract any increases in fuel, labor, and other costs. any continuing or future u.s. or global economic uncertainty could further negatively affect the company's results of operations and could cause the company to further adjust its business strategies. additionally, because expenses of a flight do not vary significantly with the number of passengers carried, a relatively small change in the number of passengers can have a disproportionate effect on an airline's operating and financial results. therefore, any general reduction in airline passenger traffic could adversely affect the company's results of operations.
the company's business can be significantly impacted by high and/or volatile fuel prices, and the company's operations are subject to disruption in the event of any delayed supply of fuel; therefore, the company's strategic plans and future profitability are likely to be impacted by the company's ability to effectively address fuel price increases and fuel price volatility and availability.
airlines are inherently dependent upon energy to operate, and jet fuel and oil represented approximately 23.5 percent of the company's operating expenses for 2021. as discussed above under "business - cost structure," fuel and oil expense for 2021 increased significantly compared with 2020, primarily due to higher market jet fuel prices, and in part due to higher capacity in response to consumer demand. the cost of fuel can be extremely volatile and unpredictable, and even a small change in market fuel prices can significantly affect profitability. furthermore, volatility in fuel prices can be due to many external factors that are beyond the company's control. for example, fuel prices can be impacted by political, environmental, and economic factors, such as (i) dependency on foreign imports of crude oil and the potential for hostilities or other conflicts in oil producing areas; (ii) limitations and/or disruptions in domestic refining or pipeline capacity due to weather, natural disasters, or other factors; (iii) worldwide demand for fuel, particularly in developing countries, which can result in inflated energy prices; (iv) changes in u.s. governmental policies on fuel production, transportation, taxes, and marketing; and (v) changes in currency exchange rates.
the company's ability to effectively mitigate the impact of fuel price increases could be limited by factors such as its historical low-fare reputation, the portion of its customer base that purchases travel for leisure purposes, the competitive nature of the airline industry generally, and the risk that higher fares will drive a decrease in demand. the company attempts to manage its risk associated with volatile jet fuel prices by utilizing over-the-counter fuel derivative instruments to hedge a portion of its future jet fuel purchases. however, energy prices can fluctuate significantly in a relatively short amount of time. because the company uses a variety of different derivative instruments at different price points, the company is subject to the risk that the fuel derivatives it uses will not provide adequate protection against significant increases in fuel prices and in some cases could in fact result in hedging losses, which could result in the company effectively paying higher than market prices for fuel, thus creating additional volatility in the company's earnings.
in addition, the company is subject to the risk that its fuel derivatives will no longer qualify for hedge accounting under applicable accounting standards, which can create additional earnings volatility. adjustments in the company's overall fuel hedging strategy, as well as the ability of the commodities used in fuel hedging to qualify for special hedge accounting, could continue to affect the company's results of operations. in addition, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to cost-effectively hedge against increases in fuel prices.
the company's fuel hedging arrangements and the various potential impacts of hedge accounting on the company's financial position, cash flows, and results of operations are discussed in more detail under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," and in note 1 and note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
the company is also reliant upon the readily available supply and timely delivery of jet fuel to the airports that it serves. a disruption in that supply could present significant challenges to the company's operations and could ultimately cause the cancellation of flights and/or the inability of the company to provide service to a particular airport. the airline industry faces potential fuel shortages in 2022 due to pipeline shipping space constraints resulting from the shifting of allocations during the covid-19 pandemic as well as a national shortage of interstate trucking capacity. the company is working with aviation industry stakeholders to address these issues. however, unless there is additional jet fuel distribution capacity, whether by pipeline and/or by truck, there could be temporary disruptions (e.g., flight cancellations or passenger lids) at one or more of the company's airports in 2022, especially during peak travel periods.
the company's low-cost structure has historically been one of its primary competitive advantages, and many factors have affected and could continue to affect the company's ability to control its costs.
the company's low-cost structure has historically been one of its primary competitive advantages, as it has enabled it to offer low fares, drive traffic volume, grow market share, and, prior to 2020, protect profits; however, as has been the case for the company, the covid-19 pandemic has forced the company's competitors to implement significant cost reduction measures. competitor cost reduction measures such as accelerated fleet retirements, capacity cuts, and network reductions, could have a negative impact on the company's relative cost position.
even before the pandemic, the company's low-cost position had been challenged by the significant growth of "ultra-low cost carriers" ("ulccs"), which in some cases have surpassed the company's cost advantage with larger aircraft, increased seat density, and lower wages. ulccs have further introduced "unbundled" service offerings which appeal to price-sensitive travelers through promotion to consumers of an extremely low relative base fare for a seat, while separately charging for related services and products. in response, most major u.s. airlines now offer expanded cabin segmentation fare products, such as "basic economy" and "premium economy" products. a basic economy product provides for a lower base fare to compete with a ulcc base fare, but may include significant additional restrictions on amenities such as seat assignments (including restrictions on group and family seating), order of boarding, checked baggage and use of overhead bin space, flight changes and refunds, and eligibility for upgrades. a "premium economy" fare targets consumers willing to pay a premium for certain amenities that were previously included in the carriers' base fare (e.g., more favorable seating locations in the main cabin). also in response to competitive ulcc pricing, some carriers removed fare floors for certain routes, leading to a lower fare offering across the industry.
the company's low-cost structure can also be negatively impacted by costs over which the company has limited control. these include costs such as fuel, labor, airport, and regulatory compliance costs. jet fuel and oil constituted approximately 23.5 percent of the company's operating expenses during 2021, and the company's ability to control the cost of fuel is subject to the external factors discussed in the fifth risk factor above.
salaries, wages, and benefits constituted approximately 55.0 percent of the company's operating expenses during 2021. the company's ability to control labor costs is limited by the terms of its collective-bargaining agreements, and this limited control has negatively impacted the company's low-cost position, in particular in the context of the company's cost reduction efforts during the covid-19 pandemic. as discussed further under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," the company's unionized workforce, which makes up approximately 82 percent of its employees, has had pay scale increases as a result of contractual rate increases, which has put pressure on the company's labor costs. additionally, as indicated above under "business - employees," the majority of southwest's unionized employee work groups, including its pilots; flight attendants; ramp, operations, provisioning, and freight agents; customer service agents, customer representatives, and source of support representatives; aircraft appearance technicians; dispatchers; meteorologists; facilities maintenance technicians; and flight instructors are in unions currently in negotiations for labor agreements or have labor agreements that become amendable in 2022, which could result in additional pressure on the company's low-cost structure. further, during 2021, in response to staffing challenges, the company increased the minimum pay for certain of its workforce, and provided incentive pay in certain instances.
as discussed above under "business - regulation," the airline industry is heavily regulated, and the company's regulatory compliance costs are subject to potentially significant increases from time to time based on actions by regulatory agencies that are out of the company's control. additionally, because of airport infrastructure updates and other factors, the company has experienced increased space rental rates at various airports in its network. further, the company cannot control decisions by other airlines to reduce their capacity. when this occurs, as it has at times during the pandemic, certain fixed airport costs are allocated among a fewer number of total flights, which can result in increased landing fees and other costs for the company.
the company is reliant upon third party vendors and service providers, and the company's low-cost advantage is dependent in part on its ability to obtain and maintain commercially reasonable terms with those parties. disruptions to capital markets, shortages of skilled personnel, supply chain disruptions, geopolitical developments, and/or adverse economic conditions could subject certain of the company's third party vendors and service providers to significant financial pressures, which could lead to delays and other performance issues, ceased operations, or even bankruptcies among these third party vendors and service providers. if a third party vendor or service provider is unable to fulfill its commitments to the company, the company may be unable to replace that third party vendor or service provider in a short period of time, or at competitive terms, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations.
as discussed above under "business - insurance," the company carries insurance of types customary in the airline industry. although the company has been able to purchase aviation, property, liability, and professional insurance via the commercial insurance marketplace, available commercial insurance could be more expensive in the future and/or have material differences in coverage than insurance that has historically been provided and may not be adequate to protect against the company's risk of loss from future events, including acts of terrorism. further, available cyber-security insurance with regards to data protection and business interruption could be more expensive in the future and/or have material differences in coverage than insurance that has historically been provided and may not be adequate to protect the company's risk of loss. with respect to any insurance claims, policy coverages and claims are subject to acceptance by the many insurers involved and may require arbitration and/or mediation to effectively settle the claims over prolonged periods of time. in addition, an accident or other incident involving southwest aircraft could result in costs in excess of its related insurance coverage, which costs could be substantial. any aircraft accident or other incident, even if fully insured, could also have a material adverse effect on the public's perception of the company, which could harm its reputation and business.
as discussed below under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," the company experienced significant unit cost pressure in 2020 and 2021 following the onset of the covid-19 pandemic. historically, except for changes in the price of fuel, changes in operating expenses for airlines have been largely driven by changes in capacity. however, the company's operating expenses are largely fixed once flight schedules are published; and the company experienced capacity lower than 2019 during 2020 and 2021 due to the covid-19 pandemic, which has continued to pressure unit costs. during the covid-19 pandemic, the company has made schedule adjustments based on consumer demand, booking trends, and available crew resources. the continued impact of the covid-19 pandemic, and the availability of crew resources, is expected to continue to require the company to make additional schedule adjustments and could have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations.
the company's results of operations could be adversely impacted if it is unable to effectively execute its strategic plans.
the company is reliant on the success of its revenue strategies and other strategic plans and initiatives to grow and to help offset increasing costs. the execution of the company's strategic plans has been significantly negatively affected by the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, and the company cannot predict the duration or scope of continued impacts from the pandemic. nevertheless, the company began to take actions in 2021 to add staffing and increase the starting wage rate for certain workgroups, manage its fleet and fleet order book, and better optimize its network in an effort to position itself to opportunistically recover and grow as the pandemic subsides. the timely and effective execution of the company's strategies is dependent upon, among other factors, (i) the company's ability to balance its network schedule and capacity with the availability and location of its crew resources; (ii) the company's ability to effectively balance its investment of incremental operating expenses and capital expenditures related to its strategies against the need to effectively control costs; (iii) the company's ability to timely and effectively implement, transition, and maintain related information technology systems and infrastructure; (iv) as discussed below, the company's ability to maintain satisfactory relations with its employees or its employees'
representatives; and (v) the company's dependence on third parties with respect to the execution of its strategic plans.
the airline industry is intensely competitive.
as discussed in more detail above under "business - competition," the airline industry is intensely competitive. the company's primary competitors include other major domestic airlines, as well as regional and new entrant airlines, surface transportation, and alternatives to transportation such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the internet. the company's revenues are sensitive to the actions of other carriers with respect to pricing, routes, loyalty programs, scheduling, capacity, customer service, operational reliability, comfort and amenities, cost structure, aircraft fleet, strategic alliances, and code-sharing and similar activities.
information technology risks the company is increasingly dependent on technology to operate its business and continues to implement substantial changes to its information systems; any failure, disruption, breach, or delay in implementation of the company's information systems could materially adversely affect its operations.
the company is increasingly dependent on the use of complex technology and systems to run its ongoing operations and support its strategic objectives. these technologies and systems include, among others, the company's website and reservation system; flight dispatch and tracking systems; flight simulators; check-in kiosks; aircraft maintenance, planning, and record keeping systems; telecommunications systems; flight planning and scheduling systems; crew scheduling systems; human resources systems; and financial planning, management, and accounting systems. the performance, reliability, and security of the company's technology infrastructure and supporting systems are critical to the company's operations and initiatives.
implementation and integration of complex systems and technology present significant challenges in terms of costs, human resources, and development of effective internal controls. implementation and integration require a balancing between the introduction of new capabilities and the managing of existing systems, and present the risk of operational or security inadequacy or interruption, which could materially affect the company's ability to effectively operate its business and/or could negatively impact the company's results of operations.
the company is also reliant upon the performance of its third party vendors for timely and effective implementation and support of many of its technology initiatives and for maintaining adequate information security measures within the services and/or software they deliver. if any of the company's significant technologies or automated systems were to cease functioning, or if its third party vendor service providers were to fail to adequately and timely provide technical support, system maintenance, security, or software upgrades for any of the company's existing systems, the company could experience service interruptions, delays, and loss of critical data, which could harm its operations, and result in financial losses and reputational damage.
in the ordinary course of business, the company's systems will continue to require modification and refinements to address growth and changing business requirements. in addition, the company's systems may require modification to enable the company to comply with changing regulatory requirements. modifications and refinements to the company's systems have been and are expected to continue to be expensive to implement and can divert management's attention from other matters. in particular, during 2020, in connection with the company's efforts to reduce capital and operating expenditures in response to the covid-19 pandemic, the company deferred a significant number of technology projects. in addition, the company's operations could be adversely affected, or the company could face imposition of regulatory penalties, if it were unable to timely or effectively modify its systems as necessary or appropriately balance the introduction of new capabilities with the management of existing systems.
the company has experienced system interruptions and delays that have made its websites and operational systems unavailable or slow to respond, which has prevented the company from efficiently processing customer transactions or providing services. any future system interruptions or delays could reduce the company's operating revenues and the attractiveness of its services, as well as increase the company's costs.
the company's technologies and systems and functions could be damaged or interrupted by catastrophic events beyond its control such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, power loss, computer and telecommunications failures, acts of war or terrorism, computer viruses, security breaches, and similar events or disruptions. any of these events could cause system interruptions, delays, and loss of critical data, and could prevent the company from processing customer transactions or providing services, which could make the company's business and services less attractive and subject the company to liability. any of these events could damage the company's reputation and be expensive to remedy.
developing and expanding data security and privacy requirements could increase the company's operating costs, and any failure of the company to maintain the security of certain customer, employee, and business-related information could result in damage to the company's reputation and could be costly to remediate.
the company must receive information related to its customers and employees in order to run its business, and the company's operations depend upon secure retention and the secure transmission of information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. this information is subject to the continually evolving risk of intrusion, tampering, and theft. although the company maintains systems to prevent or defend against these risks, these systems require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change, and security could be compromised, personal or confidential information could be misappropriated, or system disruptions could occur. in the ordinary course of its business, the company also provides certain confidential, proprietary, and personal information to third parties. while the company seeks to obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk the security of data held by third parties could be breached. a compromise of the company's security systems could adversely affect the company's reputation and disrupt its operations and could also result in litigation against the company or the imposition of penalties. in addition, it could be costly to remediate. although the company has not experienced cyber incidents that are individually, or in the aggregate, material, the company has experienced cyber-attacks in the past, which have thus far been mitigated by preventative, detective, and responsive measures put in place by the company.
in addition, in response to these types of threats, there has been heightened legislative and regulatory focus on data privacy and security in the united states and elsewhere. as a result, the company must monitor a growing and fast-evolving set of legal requirements in this area. this regulatory environment is increasingly challenging and may present material obligations and risks to the company's business, including significantly expanded compliance requirements, costs, and enforcement risks.
the company has a dedicated cyber-security team and program that focuses on current and emerging data security matters. the company continues to assess and invest in the growing needs of the cyber-security team through the allocation of skilled personnel, ongoing training, and support of the adoption and implementation of technologies coupled with cyber-security risk management frameworks.
during the majority of 2020, and continuing through 2021, the company has offered the ability to work remotely to most of the company's office and clerical employees, including the vast majority of its employees at the company's headquarters campus. maintaining a remote work force significantly increases the risk of cyber incidents and events, such as computer viruses and security breaches, due to increased targeted attacks, which have thus far been mitigated by preventative, detective, and responsive measures put in place by the company.
the company carries a cyber-security insurance policy with regards to data protection and business interruption associated with both security breaches from malicious parties and from certain system failures. however, available cyber-security insurance with regards to data protection and business interruption could be more expensive in the future and/or have material differences in coverage than insurance that has historically been provided and may not be adequate to protect the company's risk of loss.
operational risks the company is currently dependent on boeing as the sole manufacturer of the company's aircraft. prolonged delays in the faa issuing required certifications or approvals for the -7, or further regulatory actions by the faa with respect to the max aircraft, could materially and adversely affect the company's business plans, strategies, and results of operations.
the boeing 737 max aircraft are crucial to the company's growth plans and fleet modernization initiatives. the company's contractual delivery schedule for the -7 is dependent on the faa issuing required certifications and approvals to boeing and the company. the faa will ultimately determine the timing of the -7 certification and entry into service, and the company therefore offers no assurances that current estimations and timelines are correct.
boeing no longer manufactures versions of the 737 other than the 737 max family of aircraft. if the 737 max aircraft were to again become unavailable for the company's flight operations, the company's growth would be restricted unless and until it could procure and operate other types of aircraft from boeing or another manufacturer, seller, or lessor, and the company's operations would be materially adversely affected. in particular, if the company's growth were to be dependent upon the introduction of a new aircraft make and model to the company's fleet, the company would need to, among other things, (i) develop and implement new maintenance, operating, and training programs; (ii) secure extensive regulatory approvals; and (iii) implement new technologies. the requirements associated with operating a new aircraft make and model could take an extended period of time to fulfill and would likely impose substantial costs on the company. a shift away from a single fleet type could also add complexity to the company's operations, present operational and compliance risks, and materially increase the company's costs. any of these events would have a material, adverse effect on the company's business, operating results, and financial condition. the company could also be materially adversely affected if the pricing or operational attributes of its aircraft were to become less competitive.
the company's business is labor intensive; therefore, the company could be materially adversely affected in the event of conflict with its employees or its employees' representatives.
the airline business is labor intensive, and for the year ended december 31, 2021, salaries, wages, and benefits expense represented approximately 55.0 percent of the company's operating expenses. as of december 31, 2021, approximately 82 percent of the company's employees were represented for collective bargaining purposes by labor unions, making the company particularly exposed in the event of labor-related job actions. employment-related matters (some of which relate to negotiated items) that have impacted the company's results of operations include hiring/retention rates, attendance, pay rates, outsourcing, work rules, health care costs, and retirement benefits. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic has heightened the company's exposure and demonstrated the risk that the company's results could be materially adversely affected in the event of conflicts with its employees or its employees' representatives.
the company's business is labor intensive; therefore, the company would continue to be adversely affected if it were to continue to be unable to employ sufficient numbers of qualified employees to maintain its operations.
the company's success depends on its ability to attract and retain skilled personnel. in connection with the drastic reduction in travel demand due to the pandemic, in 2020 the company offered voluntary separation and extended time-off programs to employees. as a result, as of december 31, 2021, the company had a significantly smaller workforce than it did prior to the covid-19 pandemic. this negatively impacted the company's ability to staff appropriately when demand for leisure travel returned in 2021. at the same time, competition for skilled personnel became fierce, which along with covid-19 decreases in employees available to support the operations, led to operational challenges that have continued into 2022. in addition, the company has been required to provide incentive pay and increase certain starting wage rates to address these challenges. staffing-related challenges could continue to intensify and limit the company's ability to optimally adjust capacity. the inability to recruit and retain skilled personnel or the unexpected loss of key skilled personnel could continue to adversely affect the company's operations.
the company is currently dependent on a single engine supplier, as well as single suppliers of certain other aircraft parts and equipment; therefore, the company could be materially adversely affected (i) if it were unable to obtain timely or sufficient delivery of aircraft parts or equipment from boeing or other suppliers or adequate maintenance or other support from any of these suppliers, or (ii) in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with the company's aircraft parts or equipment.
the company is dependent on boeing as its sole supplier for many of its aircraft parts. the company is also dependent on sole or limited suppliers for aircraft engines and certain other aircraft parts, equipment, and services. if boeing, or other suppliers, were unable or unwilling to timely provide adequate products or support for their products, or in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with engines or other parts, the company's operations could be materially adversely affected. the company could also be materially adversely affected if the pricing or operational attributes of its aircraft equipment were to become less competitive.
the airline industry has faced on-going security concerns and related cost burdens; further threatened or actual terrorist attacks, or other hostilities, even if not made directly on the airline industry, could significantly harm the airline industry and the company's operations.
terrorist attacks or other crimes and hostilities, actual and threatened, have from time to time materially adversely affected the demand for air travel and also have necessitated increased safety and security measures and related costs for the company and the airline industry generally. safety and security measures can create delays and inconveniences, which in turn can reduce the company's competitiveness against surface transportation for short-haul routes and alternatives to transportation such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the internet. additional terrorist attacks or other hostilities, even if not made directly on the airline industry, or the fear of such attacks or other hostilities (including elevated national threat warnings, government travel warnings to certain destinations, travel restrictions, or selective cancellation or redirection of flights due to terror threats) would likely have a further significant negative impact on the company and the airline industry.
the airline industry is affected by many conditions that are beyond its control, which can impact the company's business strategies and results of operations.
in addition to the unpredictable economic conditions and fuel costs discussed above, the company, like the airline industry in general, is affected by conditions that are largely unforeseeable and outside of its control, including, among others:
•adverse weather and natural disasters;
•changes in consumer preferences, perceptions, spending patterns, or demographic trends (including, without limitation, changes in travel patterns due to government shutdowns or sequestration);
•actual or potential disruptions in the air traffic control system (including, for example, as a result of inadequate faa staffing levels due to government shutdowns or sequestration);
•actual or perceived delays at various airports resulting from government shutdowns (including, for example, longer wait-times at tsa checkpoints due to inadequate tsa staffing levels);
•changes in the competitive environment due to industry consolidation, industry bankruptcies, and other factors;
•delays in deliveries of new aircraft (including, without limitation, due to delays in faa certification or due to the closure of the faa's aircraft registry during government shutdowns);
•outbreaks of disease such as the covid-19 pandemic; and
•actual or threatened war, terrorist attacks, government travel warnings to certain destinations, travel restrictions, and political instability.
legal, regulatory, compliance, and reputational risks the company is subject to extensive faa regulation that may necessitate modifications to the company's operations, business plans, and strategies.
the faa promulgates and enforces regulations affecting the airline industry, and exercises extensive regulatory oversight of the company's operations. the faa from time to time also issues orders or directives relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft. faa orders and directives can be issued with little or no notice, and in certain instances, require the temporary grounding of aircraft and/or the responsive investment of operational and financial resources. the issuance of new faa regulations, regulatory amendments, or orders or directives, such as faa restrictions associated with certain wireless telecommunications systems, could result in flight schedule adjustments and groundings or delays in aircraft deliveries, as well as lower operating revenues, operating income, and net income due to a variety of factors, including, among others, (i) lost revenue due to flight cancellations and disruptions as a result of a smaller operating aircraft fleet, (ii) the lack of ability to make corresponding reductions in expenses because of the fixed nature of many expenses, and (iii) possible negative effects on customer confidence and airline choice. government regulation affecting the company is discussed in more detail in the below risk factor and above under "business - regulation."
airport capacity constraints and air traffic control inefficiencies have limited and could continue to limit the company's growth; changes in or additional governmental regulation could increase the company's operating costs or otherwise limit the company's ability to conduct business.
almost all commercial service airports are owned and/or operated by units of local or state governments. airlines are largely dependent on these governmental entities to provide adequate airport facilities and capacity at an affordable cost. in order to operate efficiently, as well as to add service in current and new markets, the company must be able to maintain and/or obtain space and facilities at desirable airports with adequate infrastructure. airport space, facility, and infrastructure constraints may prevent the company from maintaining existing service and/or implementing new service in a commercially viable manner.
similarly, the federal government singularly controls all u.s. airspace, and airlines are dependent on the faa controlling that airspace in a safe and efficient manner. the current air traffic control system is mainly radar-based, supported in large part by antiquated equipment and technologies, and heavily dependent on skilled personnel. as a result, the air traffic control system may not be able to effectively keep pace with future air traffic growth. the faa's protracted transition to modernized air traffic control systems and newer technologies could adversely impact airspace capacity and the overall efficiency of the system, resulting in limited opportunities for the company to grow, longer scheduled flight times, increased delays and cancellations, and increased fuel consumption and aircraft emissions. the continuation of these air traffic control constraints or the faa's inability to meet staffing needs on a long-term basis may have a material adverse effect on the company's operations.
as discussed above under "business - regulation," airlines are also subject to other extensive regulatory requirements. these requirements often impose substantial costs on airlines. the company's strategic plans and results of operations could be negatively affected by changes in law and future actions taken by domestic and foreign governmental agencies having jurisdiction over its operations, including, but not limited to:
•increases in airport rates and charges;
•limitations on airport gate capacity or use of other airport facilities;
•limitations on route authorities;
•actions and decisions that create difficulties in obtaining access at slot-controlled airports (a "slot" is the right of an air carrier, pursuant to regulations of the faa or local authorities, to operate a takeoff or landing at certain airports);
•actions and decisions that create difficulties in obtaining operating permits and approvals;
•changes to environmental regulations;
•new or increased taxes or fees, including with respect to potential increases to the federal corporate income tax rate or potential new taxes imposed on share repurchases;
•changes to laws that affect the services that can be offered by airlines in particular markets and at particular airports;
•restrictions on competitive practices;
•changes in laws that increase costs for safety, security, compliance, or other customer service standards;
•changes in laws that may limit the company's ability to enter into fuel derivative contracts to hedge against increases in fuel prices;
•changes in laws that may limit or regulate the company's ability to promote the company's business or fares;
•airspace closures or restrictions, such as restrictions on operations in markets where certain wireless telecommunications systems may cause interference with certain aircraft avionics;
•grounding of commercial air traffic by the faa; and
•the adoption of more restrictive locally-imposed noise regulations.
the company is subject to various environmental requirements and risks associated with climate change, including increased regulation, changing consumer preferences, and the potential increased impacts of severe weather events on the company's operations and infrastructure.
the company is subject to federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those relating to aircraft and ground-based emissions, discharges to water systems, safe drinking water, and the management of hazardous substances and waste materials. in addition, federal, state, local, and international legislative and regulatory bodies are increasingly focused on climate change and reducing greenhouse gas emissions ("ghg"), including co2 emissions. for example, as discussed in more detail under "business - regulation," the federal government, as well as several state and local governments, the governments of other countries, and the united nations' international civil aviation organization have implemented legislative and regulatory proposals and voluntary measures intended to reduce ghg emissions. future policy, legal, regulatory, or other market developments could require the company to reduce its emissions, modify its supply chain practices or aspects of its operations, make capital investments to purchase specific types of equipment or technologies, secure carbon offset credits, or otherwise incur additional costs related to climate objectives.
in addition to responding to legislative and regulatory requirements, the company has voluntarily set environmental sustainability plans, targets, and goals, the achievement of which is materially dependent on the performance of third parties, in particular with respect to the production, transport, storage, and distribution of sustainable aviation fuel. any non-performance by any such third parties, or any inability of the company to timely and effectively implement and maintain the necessary processes to support the utilization of sustainable aviation fuel, could compromise the company's ability to meet its environmental sustainability plans, targets and goals; increase the company's costs associated with meeting such plans, targets, and goals; and/or have an adverse impact on the company's reputation or brand. furthermore, to the extent that the company may seek to achieve its voluntary climate targets through the use of carbon offsets, it may be exposed to additional costs associated with the procurement of offsets or limited supply in the voluntary carbon offsets market.
in addition, concern among consumers of the impacts of climate change may mean some customers choose to fly less frequently or fly on an airline they perceive as operating in a manner that is more sustainable to the climate. business customers may choose to use alternatives to travel, such as virtual meetings and workspaces. greater development of high-speed rail in markets now served by short-haul flights could provide passengers with lower-carbon alternatives to flying. the company's collateral to secure loans, including in the form of aircraft, could lose value as customer demand shifts and economies move to low-carbon alternatives, which may increase the company's financing costs. in addition, major financial institutions have begun to announce greenhouse gas emissions reductions targets for their financed activities in the aviation sector. to the extent that the company's climate targets are not perceived to align with those of its lenders, the company's access to credit may be adversely impacted.
finally, the potential acute and chronic physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, fires, sea-level rise, excessive heat, longer-term changes in weather patterns, and other climate-related events, could affect the company's operations, infrastructure, and financial results. operational impacts, such as the canceling of flights, could result in loss of revenue. the company could incur significant costs to improve the climate resiliency of its infrastructure and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate such physical effects of climate change. the company is not able to predict accurately the materiality of any potential losses or costs associated with the physical effects of climate change.
the company's future results will suffer if it is unable to effectively manage its international operations and/or extended operations ("etops").
the company's international flights are subject to cbp-mandated procedures, which can affect the company's operations, costs, and customer experience. the company has made significant investments in facilities, equipment, and technologies at certain airports in order to improve the customer experience and to assist cbp with its inspection and processing duties; however, the company is not able to predict the impact, if any, that various cbp measures or the lack of cbp resources will have on company revenues and costs, either in the short-term or the long-term.
international flying requires the company to modify certain processes, as the airport environment is dramatically different in certain international locations with respect to, among other things, common-use ticket counters and gate areas, passenger entry requirements (including health requirements imposed in response to the covid-19 pandemic), local operating requirements, and cultural preferences. certain international routes served by the company are also subject to specific aircraft equipage requirements and unique consumer behavior. route-specific equipage requirements and unique consumer behavior, together or individually, may (i) restrict the company's flexibility when scheduling and routing aircraft and crews; (ii) require the company to modify its policies or procedures; and (iii) impact the company's operational performance, costs, and customer experience. in addition, international flying exposes the company to certain foreign currency risks to the extent the company chooses to, or is required to, transact in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. to the extent the company seeks to serve additional international destinations in the future, or to renew its authority to serve certain routes, it may be required to obtain necessary authority from the dot and/or approvals from the faa, as well as any applicable foreign government entity.
the company's operations in non-u.s. jurisdictions may subject the company to the laws of those jurisdictions rather than, or in addition to, u.s. laws. laws in some jurisdictions differ in significant respects from those in the united states, and these differences can affect the company's ability to react to changes in its business, and its rights or ability to enforce rights may be different than would be expected under u.s. laws. furthermore, enforcement of laws in some jurisdictions can be inconsistent and unpredictable, which can affect both the company's ability to enforce its rights and to undertake activities that it believes are beneficial to its business. as a result, the company's ability to generate revenue and its expenses in non-u.s. jurisdictions may differ from what would be expected if u.s. laws governed these operations. although the company has policies and procedures in place that are designed to promote compliance with the laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates, a violation by the company's employees, contractors, or agents or other intermediaries could nonetheless occur. any violation (or alleged or perceived violation), even if prohibited by the company's policies, could have an adverse effect on the company's reputation and/or its results of operations.
in 2019, the company began service to hawaii after receiving approval from the faa for etops, a regulatory requirement to operate between the u.s. mainland and the hawaiian islands. the company is subject to additional, ongoing, etops-specific regulatory and procedural requirements, which present operational and compliance risks to the company's business, including costs associated therewith.
the company is currently subject to pending litigation, and if judgment were to be rendered against the company in the litigation, such judgment could adversely affect the company's operating results.
as discussed below under "legal proceedings," the company is subject to pending litigation. regardless of merit, these litigation matters and any potential future claims against the company may be both time consuming and disruptive to the company's operations and cause significant expense and diversion of management attention. should the company fail to prevail in these or other matters, the company may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could materially adversely affect its business and might materially affect its financial condition and operating results and could cause reputational harm.
the company's reputation and brand could be harmed if it were to experience significant negative publicity through social media or otherwise, including with respect to the company's voluntary sustainability and esg-related disclosures.
the company operates in a public-facing industry with significant exposure to social media. negative publicity, whether or not justified, can spread rapidly through social media. the company also makes certain disclosures regarding sustainability and certain esg matters, including the company's goals to achieve carbon neutrality and minimize carbon emissions, and many of these disclosures are necessarily based on (i) estimates and assumptions that are inherently difficult to assess and may involve third party data that the company does not independently verify, and (ii) timelines that are longer than the timelines associated with the company's required disclosures. given the estimates, assumptions, and timelines used to create these disclosures, the materiality of these disclosures is inherently difficult to assess in advance, and given the uncertainty of the estimates and assumptions used to create these disclosures, the company may not be able to anticipate in advance whether or the degree to which it will or will not be able to meet its sustainability and esg-related plans, targets, or goals, or how expensive it will be to do so.
the company's reputation or brand could be adversely impacted by, among other things, (i) any failure to meet its sustainability or esg plans, targets, or goals, including those that relate to climate change; (ii) the company's impact on the environment; (iii) public pressure from investors or policy groups to change the company's policies; (iv) customer perceptions of the company's advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements or marketing programs; (v) customer perceptions of the company's use of social media; or (vi) customer perceptions of statements made by the company, its employees and executives, agents, or other third parties. in the future, the company's efforts to meet its sustainability or esg plans, targets, or goals may divert company resources or management's attention from other matters.
to the extent that the company is unable to respond timely and appropriately to negative publicity, the company's reputation and brand can be harmed. damage to the company's overall reputation and brand could have a negative impact on its financial results and require additional resources for the company to rebuild its reputation.
the company's bylaws provide, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that the united states district court for the northern district of texas or, if such court lacks jurisdiction, the state district court of dallas county, texas, will be the exclusive forum for certain legal actions between the company and its shareholders, which could increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims, or limit the ability of the company's shareholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum viewed by the shareholders as more favorable for disputes with the company or the company's directors, officers, or other employees.
the company's bylaws provide, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that, unless the company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the united states district court for the northern district of texas or, if such court lacks jurisdiction, the state district court of dallas county, texas, will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, or other employee of the company to the company or the company's shareholders; (c) any action asserting a claim against the company or any director, officer, or other employee of the company pursuant to any provision of the company's restated certificate of formation or bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time) or the texas business organizations code; and (d) any action asserting a claim against the company or any director, officer, or other employee of the company governed by the internal affairs doctrine.
the forum selection provision may increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims, or limit a shareholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such shareholder finds favorable for disputes with the company or the company's directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the company or the company's directors, officers, and other employees. alternatively, if a court were to find the forum selection provision contained in the company's bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the company could incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. the exclusive forum provision in the bylaws will not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for actions brought under the federal securities laws including the securities exchange act of 1934 or the securities act of 1933, or the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year in review in late february 2020, the company began to see a negative impact from the covid-19 pandemic, which quickly accelerated during first quarter 2020 and continued throughout 2021. while the pandemic has continued to negatively impact results, the company saw steady improvement as the year progressed, with intermittent periods of decelerated demand that coincided with covid-19 surges. the company's financial results in both years, on both a gaap and non-gaap basis, were significantly impacted by the pandemic and the resulting effect on demand and passenger bookings.
the company recorded gaap and non-gaap results for 2021 and 2020 as noted in the following tables. see note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures and the reconciliation of reported amounts to non-gaap financial measures for additional detail regarding non-gaap financial measures.
year ended
(in millions, except per share amounts)                  december 31, gaap                                            2021                       2020                          percent change operating income (loss)                                  $1,721                        $(3,816)          n.m.
net income (loss)                                        $977                          $(3,074)          n.m.
net income (loss) per share, diluted                     $1.61                         $(5.44)           n.m.
non-gaap operating loss                                           $(1,281)                      $(5,032)          (74.5)
net loss                                                 $(1,271)                      $(3,512)          (63.8)
net loss per share, diluted                              $(2.15)                       $(6.22)           (65.4)
the significant improvement in both gaap net income (loss) and operating income (loss), year-over-year, was primarily due to the rebound in domestic leisure demand and bookings in 2021 as impacts from the covid-19 pandemic eased. this resulted in a 74.5 percent increase in operating revenues in 2021 versus 2020, although 2021 operating revenues were still well below 2019 levels. further, the company received $2.7 billion in grant allocations of payroll funding support ("payroll support") from the united states department of treasury ("treasury") in 2021, compared with $2.3 billion received in 2020, which the company utilized in both years to offset a portion of salaries, wages, and benefits. see below and note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
on a quarterly basis, demand for air travel improved each period of 2021. although the company's gaap financial results benefited from the impact of payroll support recognized during the first three quarters of the year, the company was able to generate a profit during fourth quarter 2021 despite having no further allocation of payroll support.
operating statistics the company provides the operating data below for the three years ended december 31, 2021, because these statistics are commonly used in the airline industry and, therefore, allow readers to compare the company's performance against its results for prior periods, as well as against the performance of the company's peers.
year ended december 31,
2021                        2020                 2021 change to 2020                          2019                 2020 change to 2019                 2021 change to 2019(l)
operating data:
revenue passengers carried (000s)                                                           99,111                      54,088                           83.2        %                   134,056                         (59.7)        %                       (26.1)         %
enplaned passengers (000s)                                                                 123,264                      67,785                           81.8        %                   162,681                         (58.3)        %                       (24.2)         %
revenue passenger miles (rpms) (in millions)(a)                                            103,562                      54,221                           91.0        %                   131,345                         (58.7)        %                       (21.2)         %
available seat miles (asms) (in millions)(b)                                               132,006                     103,456                           27.6        %                   157,254                         (34.2)        %                       (16.1)         %
load factor(c)                                                                                78.5   %                    52.4   %                           26.1 pts.                      83.5   %                         (31.1) pts.                             (5.0) pts.
average length of passenger haul (miles)                                                     1,045                       1,002                            4.3        %                       980                            2.2        %                          6.6         %
average aircraft stage length (miles)                                                          790                         743                            6.3        %                       748                          (0.7)        %                          5.6         %
trips flown                                                                              1,066,934                     897,540                           18.9        %                 1,367,727                         (34.4)        %                       (22.0)         %
seats flown (000s)(d)                                                                      165,580                     137,405                           20.5        %                   206,390                         (33.4)        %                       (19.8)         %
seats per trip(e)                                                                            155.2                       153.1                            1.4        %                     150.9                            1.5        %                          2.8         %
average passenger fare                                                                     $141.92                     $141.72                            0.1        %                   $154.98                          (8.6)        %                        (8.4)         %
passenger revenue yield per rpm (cents)(f)                                                   13.58                       14.14                          (4.0)        %                     15.82                         (10.6)        %                       (14.2)         %
operating revenues per asm (cents)(g)(j)                                                     11.96                        8.75                           36.7        %                     14.26                         (38.6)        %                       (16.1)         %
passenger revenue per asm (cents)(h)                                                         10.66                        7.41                           43.9        %                     13.21                         (43.9)        %                       (19.3)         %
operating expenses per asm (cents)(i)                                                        10.66                       12.43                         (14.2)        %                     12.38                            0.4        %                       (13.9)         %
operating expenses per asm, excluding fuel (cents)                                            8.15                       10.65                         (23.5)        %                      9.62                           10.7        %                       (15.3)         %
operating expenses per asm, excluding fuel and profitsharing (cents)                          7.98                       10.65                         (25.1)        %                      9.19                           15.9        %                       (13.2)         %
fuel costs per gallon, including fuel tax                                                    $1.98                       $1.45                           36.6        %                     $2.09                         (30.6)        %                        (5.3)         %
fuel costs per gallon, including fuel tax, economic                                          $2.01                       $1.49                           34.9        %                     $2.09                         (28.7)        %                        (3.8)         %
fuel consumed, in gallons (millions)                                                         1,668                       1,273                           31.0        %                     2,077                         (38.7)        %                       (19.7)         %
active fulltime equivalent employees (j)                                                    55,093                      56,537                          (2.6)        %                    60,767                          (7.0)        %                        (9.3)         %
aircraft at end of period (k)                                                                  728                         718                            1.4        %                       747                          (3.9)        %                        (2.5)         %
(a)a revenue passenger mile is one paying passenger flown one mile. also referred to as "traffic," which is a measure of demand for a given period.
(b)an available seat mile is one seat (empty or full) flown one mile. also referred to as "capacity," which is a measure of the space available to carry passengers in a given period.
(c)revenue passenger miles divided by available seat miles.
(d)seats flown is calculated using total number of seats available by aircraft type multiplied by the total trips flown by the same aircraft type during a particular period.
(e)seats per trip is calculated by dividing seats flown by trips flown.
(f)calculated as passenger revenue divided by revenue passenger miles. also referred to as "yield," this is the average cost paid by a paying passenger to fly one mile, which is a measure of revenue production and fares.
(g)calculated as operating revenues divided by available seat miles. also referred to as "operating unit revenues" or "rasm," this is a measure of operating revenue production based on the total available seat miles flown during a particular period.
(h)calculated as passenger revenue divided by available seat miles. also referred to as "passenger unit revenues," this is a measure of passenger revenue production based on the total available seat miles flown during a particular period.
(i)calculated as operating expenses divided by available seat miles. also referred to as "unit costs" or "cost per available seat mile," this is the average cost to fly an aircraft seat (empty or full) one mile, which is a measure of cost efficiencies.
(j)included less than 250 and 10,421 employees participating in the extended emergency time off program as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
(k)included six boeing 737 next generation aircraft in temporary storage and 60 in long-term storage as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. also included 32 and 34 boeing max 737 in long-term storage as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
(l)the company believes certain comparisons with 2019 are more relevant measures of performance than year-over-year comparisons due to the significant impacts in 2020 due to the pandemic.
2022 outlook the following tables present selected financial guidance for first quarter and full year 2022:
1q 2022 estimation                  previous estimation operating revenue compared with 2019 (a)                       down 10% to 15%                     (e)
load factor                                                    75% to 80%                          (e)
asms compared with 2019                                        down ~9%                            (e)
economic fuel costs per gallon                                 $2.25 to $2.35                      (e)
fuel hedging premium expense per gallon                        $0.06                               (e)
fuel hedging cash settlement gains per gallon                  $0.35                               (e)
asms per gallon (fuel efficiency)                              nominally in line with 4q21         (e)
casm-x (b) compared with 2019                                  up 20% to 24%                       (e)
debt repayments (millions)                                     ~$60                                (e)
interest expense (millions)                                    ~$90                                (e)
aircraft (c)                                          725                                          (e)
2022 estimation   previous estimation asms compared with 2019                                                     down ~4%   (e)
economic fuel costs per gallon                                        $2.25 to $2.35   (e)
fuel hedging premium expense per gallon                                        $0.05   (e)
fuel hedging cash settlement gains per gallon                                  $0.28   (e)
casm-x (b) compared with 2019                                          up 12% to 16%   (e)
debt repayments (millions)                                                     ~$455   (e)
interest expense (millions)                                                    ~$360   (e)
aircraft (c)                                          814                              (e)
effective tax rate                                                        23% to 25%   (e)
capital spending (billions) (d)                                                ~$5.0   (e)
(a) the company believes that operating revenues compared with 2019 is a more relevant measure of performance than a year-over-year comparison due to the significant impacts in 2021 due to the pandemic.
(b) operating expenses per available seat mile, excluding fuel and oil expense, profitsharing, and special items.
(c) aircraft on property, end of period; net of 6 and 28 retirements planned in first quarter 2022 and full year 2022, respectively. two aircraft originally planned for delivery in first quarter 2022 have shifted into the company's second quarter 2022 planned delivery schedule. reflects 12 options exercised through february 3, 2022, five and seven for delivery in first quarter and second quarter 2022, respectively, and the assumption that the company exercises all 30 remaining 2022 options. the delivery schedule for the boeing 737-7 (-7) is dependent on the federal aviation administration ("faa") issuing required certifications and approvals to the boeing company ("boeing") and the company. the faa will ultimately determine the timing of the -7 certification and entry into service, and the company therefore offers no assurances that current estimates and timelines are correct.
(d) represents current contractual payments to boeing for firm aircraft and the assumptions that the company exercises all 30 remaining 2022 options, in addition to ~$900 million non-aircraft capital spending. excluding any further option exercises in 2022, the company's 2022 capital spending would be ~$3.4 billion, also including ~$900 million in non-aircraft capital spending
(e) remains unchanged from previously reported estimation.
following strong travel demand during the fourth quarter 2021 holiday period, the company is experiencing a revenue headwind in first quarter 2022 due to a softness in bookings and an increase in trip cancellations associated with the omicron variant. january and february are seasonally weaker time periods for leisure travel demand, but further softness in leisure bookings related to the omicron variant, combined with lower than expected business travel demand, is estimated to reduce operating revenues in january and february 2022 by $330 million, combined. the company canceled more than 5,600 flights in january 2022, with the majority attributable to available staffing challenges as a result of the omicron variant, as well as weather-related cancellations, driving an estimated $50 million negative impact to january 2022 operating revenues. first quarter 2022 managed business revenues are expected to be down 45 percent to 55 percent versus first quarter 2019 levels. the company remains optimistic about the return of business travel demand in 2022 based on the momentum experienced in fourth quarter 2021 before the impact of the omicron variant. the company is also encouraged by recent improvements in booking trends, especially for march 2022, and current revenue trends for spring break travel appear to be in line with typical seasonal expectations.
based on current cost trends and reduced capacity plans, first quarter 2022 operating expenses, excluding fuel and oil expense, special items, and profitsharing, are expected to increase in the range of 20 percent to 24 percent on a unit basis as compared with first quarter 2019. the projection does not reflect the potential impact of fuel and oil expense, special items, and profitsharing expense because the company cannot reliably predict or estimate these items or expenses or their impact to the company's financial statements in future periods, especially considering the significant volatility of the fuel and oil expense line item. accordingly, the company believes a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to the equivalent gaap financial measures for projected results is not meaningful or available without unreasonable effort. the company continues to experience cost pressure due to inflation in labor rates and airport costs, as well as unit cost headwinds from operating at suboptimal productivity levels. additionally, the company has temporarily extended incentive pay to its operations employees through early february 2022, which is expected to result in an additional $150 million of salaries, wages, and benefits expense in first quarter 2022, compared to the $100 million in incentive pay earned by employees during fourth quarter 2021. furthermore, the company is reducing its first quarter 2022 capacity to provide additional stability during this challenging environment.
with the omicron variant and weather impacting the company's results, the company expects losses in january and february and a return to profitability in march 2022. based on the company's current plan, while the company no longer expects to be profitable in first quarter, the company expects to be profitable for the remaining three quarters of this year, and for full year 2022.
covid-19 pandemic impacts in response to the far-reaching impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, the company took, and continues to assess and modify, measures to support the well-being of both its employees and passengers, including procedures and policies intended to maintain an elevated level of cleanliness on aircraft and at facilities, and mitigate the spread of the virus. the company also continues to monitor guidelines and recommendations from the centers for disease control and prevention applicable to the company's daily operations, and the manner in which the majority of the company's office and clerical employees work on a daily basis.
as detailed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, in connection with the major negative impact of covid-19 on air carriers, the company has received significant financial assistance from treasury in the form of payroll support, and this assistance has had a significant impact on the company's reported gaap financial results in 2021. such impact ended in third quarter 2021, and the company's fourth quarter 2021 results do not reflect the benefit of this payroll support, and its future period results are not expected to benefit from such payroll support. however, future cash flows will be impacted through the portion of payroll support that was in the form of loans that will have to be repaid to treasury.
during second quarter 2020, the company introduced voluntary separation program 2020 ("voluntary separation program") and the extended emergency time off ("extended eto") program which helped closer align staffing to reduced flight schedules and enabled the company to avoid involuntary furloughs and layoffs associated with the impacts of the pandemic. approximately 16,000 employees elected to participate in one of these programs. during 2021, approximately 11,400 employees returned from the extended eto program and less than 250 employees remained on extended eto leave as of december 31, 2021. in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the company accrued a total charge of $1.4 billion in 2020 related to the special termination benefits for employees who had accepted the company's offer to participate in its voluntary separation program and the special benefits for employees who participated in its extended eto program. the accrual is being reduced as program benefits are paid or as it becomes no longer probable that employees will remain on leave for their elected terms. the company realized approximately $1.1 billion of full year 2021 cost savings from the voluntary separation program and extended eto compared with full year 2019, and expects no material cost savings from these programs in 2022 and beyond. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
the company continues to have a smaller workforce than it did prior to the covid-19 pandemic. however, in addition to recalling nearly all of the employees that participated in extended eto, the company met its 2021 hiring goals and is planning to add at least 8,000 additional employees during 2022 as it strives to provide sufficient staffing to support its anticipated flight schedule plans for 2022 and beyond. the company is making additional investments to attract and retain talent, including the recent decision to further raise the company's starting hourly pay rates from $15 per hour to $17 per hour for (i) southwest ramp, operations, provisioning, and freight agents, (ii) southwest customer service agents, customer representatives, and source of support representatives, (iii) southwest flight simulator technicians, and (iv) southwest aircraft appearance technicians. the company is currently in discussions with its workgroups to enact this increase in pay rates. the company continues to evaluate staffing needs to align with planned flight activity.
in september 2021, the president of the united states issued an executive order establishing a vaccination requirement for employees of covered federal contractors. the federal government required that federal contractors have their workforce vaccinated (or request an accommodation) by december 8, 2021. the deadline was later extended to january 4, 2022. the company started an active campaign to notify employees of the need to submit proof of covid-19 vaccination, or apply for an accommodation, by january 4, 2022. on december 3, 2021, the company announced that 93 percent of its employees were vaccinated, or had requested an accommodation. due to legal challenges to the vaccine mandate, the company announced on december 20, 2021, that it is no longer imposing a deadline for compliance. however, if the vaccine mandate is revived, the company will resume efforts to work with employees who have not yet either submitted proof of vaccination or requested an accommodation.
company overview the company has entered into supplemental agreements with the boeing company ("boeing") to increase aircraft orders and accelerate certain options with the goal of improving potential growth opportunities, restoring its network closer to pre-pandemic levels, lowering operating costs, and further modernizing its fleet with less carbon-intensive aircraft. during fourth quarter 2021, the company exercised 22 boeing 737 max 7 ("-7") options for delivery in 2023, and through february 3, 2022, the company has exercised another 24 boeing options- 12 -8 options for delivery in 2022, and 12 -7 options for delivery in 2023. the company's order book with boeing as of december 31, 2021, consists of a total of 394 max firm orders (264 -7 aircraft and 130 boeing 737 max-8 ("-8") aircraft) and 238 max options (-7s or -8s) for years 2022 through 2031. the company continues to expect that more than half of the max aircraft in its firm order book will replace a significant amount of its 452 boeing 737-700 ("-700") aircraft over the next 10 to 15 years to support the modernization of its fleet, a key cost initiative and component of its environmental sustainability efforts.
the company ended 2021 with 728 boeing 737 aircraft, including 69 -8 aircraft. during 2021, the company retired 8 owned -700 aircraft, which were accelerated from 2022 into fourth quarter 2021, and returned 10 leased -700 aircraft, of which one occurred during fourth quarter 2021. in addition, the company took delivery of 28 -8 aircraft during 2021. as of december 31, 2021, six -700 aircraft remained in temporary storage due to fourth quarter 2021 and first quarter 2022 capacity remaining below respective 2019 levels.
the company has published its flight schedule through september 5, 2022. during 2021, the company pursued additional revenue opportunities that utilize idle aircraft to provide service to new, popular destinations. the company is leveraging additional airports in or near cities where its customer base is large, along with adding easier access to popular leisure-oriented destinations from across its domestic-focused network. these additional service points on the company's route map are opportunities it can provide customers now, all while better positioning the company for a travel demand rebound. during 2021, the company began service to new destinations including:
•chicago o'hare international airport and sarasota bradenton international airport - february 14, 2021
•colorado springs municipal airport and savannah/hilton head international airport - march 11, 2021
•houston's george bush intercontinental airport and santa barbara airport - april 12, 2021
•fresno yosemite international airport - april 25, 2021
•destin-fort walton beach airport - may 6, 2021
•myrtle beach international airport - may 23, 2021
•bozeman yellowstone international airport - may 27, 2021
•jackson-medgar wiley evers international airport in mississippi - june 6, 2021
•eugene airport in oregon - august 29, 2021
•bellingham international airport in washington - november 7, 2021
•syracuse hancock international airport in new york - november 14, 2021
the covid-19 pandemic had a particularly negative impact on the company's international operations and led to the company's suspension of international operations at the beginning of the pandemic. the company has since resumed service to 13 of its 14 international destinations. the company's operations to the cayman islands are temporarily suspended due to impacts from the covid-19 pandemic, but with the easing of government restrictions and the continued increase in demand for beach and leisure destinations, the company intends to resume service to the cayman islands in 2022.
in 2021, the company announced goals to (i) achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, (ii) maintain carbon neutral growth (to 2019 levels) through the end of the decade, and (iii) reduce carbon emissions intensity per available seat mile (including scope 1 and scope 2 emissions) by at least 20 percent by 2030. the company also announced a series of actions and initiatives designed to assist the company in achieving these goals, including agreements with various third parties intended to facilitate the development, production, and usage of commercialized sustainable aviation fuel; the launch of a carbon-offset program that allows customers to contribute funds for the purchase of carbon offsets for southwest; and arrangements with nonprofit organizations seeking to address climate change and reduce carbon emissions in aviation.
as part of its commitment to corporate sustainability, the company has published the southwest one report describing the company's sustainability strategies, which include the company's fuel conservation and emissions reduction initiatives and other efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and address other environmental matters such as energy and water conservation, waste minimization, and recycling. information contained in the southwest one report is not incorporated by reference into, and does not constitute a part of, this form 10-k. while the company believes that the disclosures contained in the southwest one report and other voluntary disclosures regarding environmental, social, and governance ("esg") matters are responsive to various areas of investor interest, the company believes that these disclosures do not currently address matters that are material in the near term to the company's operations, strategy, financial condition, or financial results, although this view may change in the future based on new information that could materially alter the estimates, assumptions, or timelines used to create these disclosures. given the estimates, assumptions and timelines used to create the southwest one report and other voluntary disclosures, the materiality of these disclosures is inherently difficult to assess in advance.
2021 compared with 2020
operating revenues passenger revenues for 2021 increased by $6.4 billion, or 83.5 percent, compared with 2020. on a unit basis, passenger revenues increased 43.9 percent, year-over-year. the increase in passenger revenues on both a dollar and unit basis were primarily due to the improvements in leisure passenger demand and bookings in 2021, compared with the severe decline in demand and bookings resulting from the covid-19 pandemic for the majority of 2020.
freight revenues for 2021 increased by $26 million, or 16.1 percent, compared with 2020, primarily due to increased demand for consumer goods.
other revenues for 2021 increased by $315 million, or 25.8 percent, compared with 2020. the increase was primarily due to an increase in income from business partners, including chase bank usa, n.a. ("chase"). the improving economy throughout 2021 and rebound in travel demand resulted in higher spend on the company's co-branded credit card, as well as additional revenues earned through the company's rental car and hotel partners.
operating expenses operating expenses for 2021 increased by $1.2 billion, or 9.4 percent, compared with 2020, while capacity increased 27.6 percent over the same period. historically, except for changes in the price of fuel, changes in operating expenses for airlines have been largely driven by changes in capacity, or asms. however, the company's operating expenses are largely fixed once flight schedules are published, and asm reductions as a result of flight schedule adjustments have a negative impact on operating expenses per asm. the following table presents the company's operating expenses per asm for 2021 and 2020, followed by explanations of these changes on a dollar basis. unless otherwise specified, changes on a per asm basis were driven by changes in capacity, which increased with the improvement of travel demand, causing the company's fixed costs to be spread over significantly more asms.
year ended december 31,                   per asm                   percent
(in cents, except for percentages)                                    2021                            2020                    change                    change salaries, wages, and benefits                                    5.87    ¢                       6.58    ¢               (0.71)    ¢               (10.8)    %
payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net           (2.24)                          (0.94)                    (1.30)                          138.3
fuel and oil                                                     2.51                            1.78                      0.73                      41.0
maintenance materials and repairs                                0.65                            0.72                    (0.07)                     (9.7)
landing fees and airport rentals                                 1.10                            1.21                    (0.11)                     (9.1)
depreciation and amortization                                    0.96                            1.21                    (0.25)                    (20.7)
other operating expenses                                         1.81                            1.87                    (0.06)                     (3.2)
total                                                           10.66    ¢                      12.43    ¢               (1.77)    ¢               (14.2)    %
operating expenses per asm for 2021 decreased by 14.2 percent, compared with 2020. the year-over-year unit cost decrease in 2021 was enhanced by the increase in payroll support funding as such allocations are accounted for as a direct reduction to the company's operating expenses. this decrease in operating expenses was partially offset by an increase in both jet fuel prices and fuel gallons consumed, and $222 million of gains from the sale-leaseback of 20 aircraft to third parties in two separate transactions during second quarter 2020, which reduced other operating expenses in second quarter 2020. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. operating expenses per asm for 2021, excluding fuel and oil expense, profitsharing, and special items (a non-gaap financial measure), decreased 13.3 percent, year-over-year. see note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures and the reconciliation of reported amounts to non-gaap financial measures for additional detail regarding non-gaap financial measures.
salaries, wages, and benefits expense for 2021 increased by $932 million, or 13.7 percent, compared with 2020. on a per asm basis, salaries, wages, and benefits expense for 2021 decreased 10.8 percent, compared with 2020. on a dollar basis, approximately 55 percent of the increase was due to higher salaries and wages due to significantly more trips, step increases for certain workgroups, recalls from extended eto (which led to higher salaries), incentive pay offered to certain workgroups, and increased overtime hours across the network. the largest portion of the remainder of the increase was due to the $230 million profitsharing expense accrual in 2021, compared with no profitsharing expense accrual in 2020.
the following table sets forth the company's unionized employee groups with amendable contracts that are currently in negotiations on collective-bargaining agreements:
employee group                                                                                                approximate number of employees                                                                           representatives   amendable date southwest pilots                                                                                                                        8,300                                          southwest airlines pilots' association ("swapa")   september 2020
southwest flight attendants                                                                                                            14,600                         transportation workers of america, afl-cio, local 556 ("twu 556")   november 2018
southwest ramp, operations, provisioning, freight agents                                                                               12,600                         transportation workers of america, afl-cio, local 555 ("twu 555")   february 2021
southwest customer service agents, customer representatives, and source of support representatives                                      6,100        international association of machinists and aerospace workers, afl-cio ("iam 142")   december 2018
southwest aircraft appearance technicians                                                                                                 170                                                                                      amfa   november 2020
southwest dispatchers                                                                                                                     400                         transportation workers of america, afl-cio, local 550 ("twu 550")   june 2019
southwest flight crew training instructors                                                                                                130                         transportation workers of america, afl-cio, local 557 ("twu 557")   january 2022
southwest meteorologists                                                                                                                   10                                                                                   twu 550   june 2019
during august 2021, the company reached a tentative collective-bargaining agreement with iam 142, which represents the company's approximately 6,100 employees in the customer service agents, customer representatives, and source of support representatives workgroup. however, the iam 142 membership voted not to ratify the agreement. the company will continue to engage in discussions on a new agreement with iam 142.
payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net (a reduction to expense) for 2021 was an increase of $2.0 billion, or 206.1 percent, compared with 2020. on a per asm basis, payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net for 2021 increased by 138.3 percent. on both a dollar and per asm basis, the changes were due to the components of this line item as noted below:
•the $745 million accrual for charges related to the voluntary separation program in 2020;
•the $140 million net reduction in the extended eto liability in 2021, compared with the $625 million accrual for charges related to the extended eto liability in 2020;
•the payroll support programs' grant allocation of $2.7 billion in 2021, compared with a $2.3 billion allocation in 2020; and
•the $117 million in employee retention tax credits recorded in 2021 for continuing to pay employees' salaries during the time they were not working, as allowed under the cares act, and subsequent legislation.
see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
fuel and oil expense for 2021 increased by $1.5 billion, or 79.0 percent, compared with 2020. on a per asm basis, fuel and oil expense for 2021 increased 41.0 percent. on a dollar basis, approximately 60 percent of the increase was attributable to an increase in jet fuel prices per gallon, and the remainder of the increase was due to an increase in fuel gallons consumed. on a per asm basis, the increase was primarily due to higher jet fuel prices. the
59
following table provides more information on the company's economic fuel cost per gallon, including the impact of fuel hedging premium expense and fuel derivative contracts:
year ended december 31,
(per gallon)                                                  2021   2020
economic fuel costs per gallon                          $2.01                         $1.49
fuel hedging premium expense (in millions)               $100                           $98
fuel hedging premium expense per gallon                 $0.06                         $0.08
fuel hedging cash settlement gains per gallon           $0.05                            $-
see note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures and the reconciliation of reported amounts to non-gaap financial measures for additional detail regarding non-gaap financial measures.
the company's fourth quarter 2021 available seat miles per gallon ("fuel efficiency") declined 4.2 percent, year-over-year, due to the removal from storage and return to service of more of the company's least fuel-efficient aircraft, the -700, to support sequentially increasing flight schedules. when compared with fourth quarter 2019, fuel efficiency improved 3.8 percent in fourth quarter 2021 due to the march 2021 return to service of the company's most fuel-efficient aircraft, the max. the max remains critical to the company's efforts to modernize its fleet, reduce carbon emissions intensity, and achieve its near-term environmental sustainability goals. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
as of january 20, 2022, on an economic basis, the company had derivative contracts in place related to expected future fuel consumption as follows:
period                                          maximum fuel hedged (gallons in millions) (a)(b)
2022                                                                                     1,220
2023                                                                                       769
2024                                                                                       358
(a) the company's hedge position includes prices at which the company considers "catastrophic" coverage. the maximum gallons provided are not indicative of the company's hedge coverage at every price, but represent the highest level of coverage at a single price. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
(b) the company's gallons that are covered by derivative contracts represent the maximum number of gallons hedged for each respective period, which may be at different strike prices and at strike prices materially higher than the current market prices. the volume of gallons covered by derivative contracts that ultimately get exercised in any given period may vary significantly from the volumes provided, as market prices and the company's fuel consumption fluctuates. based on the company's available seat mile plans for full year 2022, its maximum percent of estimated fuel consumption covered by fuel derivative contracts is 64 percent. the company believes that providing the maximum percent of fuel consumption covered by derivative contracts in future years relative to 2019 fuel gallons consumed is a more relevant measure for future coverage, due to uncertainty regarding available seat mile plans in future years. based on 2019 fuel gallons consumed, the company's maximum percent of fuel consumption covered by fuel derivative contracts is 37 percent in 2023 and 17 percent in 2024.
as a result of applying hedge accounting in prior periods, the company has amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("aoci") that will be recognized in earnings in future periods when the underlying fuel derivative contracts settle. the following table displays the company's estimated fair value of remaining fuel derivative contracts (not considering the impact of the cash collateral provided to or received from counterparties - see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information), as well as the deferred amounts in aoci at december 31, 2021, and the expected future periods in which these items are expected to settle and/or be recognized in earnings (in millions):
year                  fair value of fuel                  amount of gains deferred derivative contracts                   in aoci at december 31, at december 31, 2021                         2021 (net of tax)
2022                       $409                                    $234
2023                        221                                     117
2024                         66                                      26
total                       $696                                    $377
assuming no changes to the company's current fuel derivative portfolio, but including all previous hedge activity for fuel derivatives that have not yet settled, and considering only the expected net cash receipts related to hedges that will settle, the company is providing the below sensitivity table for first quarter 2022 and full year 2022 jet fuel prices at different crude oil assumptions as of january 20, 2022, and for expected premium costs associated with settling contracts each period, respectively.
estimated economic fuel price per gallon, including taxes and fuel hedging premiums (e)
average brent crude oil                                                                        first quarter 2022 (c)                                          full year 2022 (d)
price per barrel
$60                                                                                                     $1.80 - $1.90                                               $1.85 - $1.95
$70                                                                                                     $2.00 - $2.10                                               $2.05 - $2.15
current market (a)                                                                                      $2.25 - $2.35                                               $2.25 - $2.35
$90                                                                                                     $2.35 - $2.45                                               $2.40 - $2.50
$100                                                                                                    $2.45 - $2.55                                               $2.55 - $2.65
estimated fuel hedging premium expense per gallon (b)                                                           $0.06                                                       $0.05
estimated premium costs (b)                                                                               $26 million                                                 $96 million
(a) brent crude oil average market prices as of january 20, 2022, were approximately $87 and $84 per barrel for first quarter 2022 and full year 2022, respectively.
(b) fuel hedging premium expense per gallon is included in the company's estimated economic fuel price per gallon estimates above.
(c) based on the company's existing fuel derivative contracts and market prices as of january 20, 2022, first quarter 2022 economic fuel costs are estimated to be in the $2.25 to $2.35 per gallon range, including fuel hedging premium expense of approximately $26 million, or $0.06 per gallon, and $0.35 per gallon in favorable cash settlements from fuel derivative contracts. see note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures.
(d) based on the company's existing fuel derivative contracts and market prices as of january 20, 2022, full year 2022 economic fuel costs are estimated to be in the $2.25 to $2.35 per gallon range, including fuel hedging premium expense of approximately $96 million, or $0.05 per gallon, and $0.28 per gallon in favorable cash settlements from fuel derivative contracts. see note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures.
(e) the company's current fuel derivative contracts contain a combination of instruments based in west texas intermediate ("wti") and brent crude oil; however, the economic fuel price per gallon sensitivities provided, assume the relationship between brent crude oil and refined products based on market prices as of january 20, 2022. economic fuel cost projections do not reflect the potential impact of special items because the company cannot reliably predict or estimate the hedge accounting impact associated with the volatility of the energy markets, the impact of covid-19 cases on air travel demand, or the impact to its financial statements in future periods. accordingly, the company believes a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to the equivalent gaap financial measures for projected results is not meaningful or available without unreasonable effort. see note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures.
maintenance materials and repairs expense for 2021 increased by $104 million, or 13.9 percent, compared with 2020. on a per asm basis, maintenance materials and repairs expense decreased 9.7 percent, compared with 2020. on a dollar basis, approximately 50 percent of the increase was due to the timing of regular airframe maintenance checks as some costs had previously been deferred while a portion of the fleet was placed into temporary storage during the covid-19 pandemic. the majority of the remainder of the increase was due to higher engine maintenance expense due to the increase in flight hours.
landing fees and airport rentals expense for 2021 increased by $216 million, or 17.4 percent, compared with 2020. on a per asm basis, landing fees and airport rentals expense decreased 9.1 percent, compared with 2020. on a dollar basis, approximately 50 percent of the increase was due to higher landing fees from the increased number of trips flown, and the remainder of the increase was due to an increase in space rental rates at many airports.
depreciation and amortization expense for 2021 increased by $17 million, or 1.4 percent, compared with 2020. on a per asm basis, depreciation and amortization expense decreased 20.7 percent, compared with 2020. on a dollar basis, the majority of the increase was associated with the deployment of new technology assets during 2021.
other operating expenses for 2021 increased by $468 million, or 24.3 percent, compared with 2020. included within this line item was aircraft rentals expenses in the amount of $205 million and $209 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively. on a per asm basis, other operating expenses decreased 3.2 percent, compared with 2020. on a dollar basis, the increase was primarily due to $222 million in gains from the sale-leaseback of 20 aircraft to third parties in two separate transactions during second quarter 2020, which reduced other operating expenses in second quarter 2020. excluding the impact of this 2020 sale-leaseback gain, the increase in other operating expenses on a dollar basis was primarily due to higher revenue related expenses, including credit card processing charges. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
other other expenses (income) include interest expense, capitalized interest, interest income, and other gains and losses.
interest expense for 2021 increased by $118 million, or 33.8 percent, compared with 2020, primarily due to higher debt balances. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
capitalized interest for 2021 increased by $1 million, or 2.9 percent, compared with 2020, primarily due to boeing resuming production of the company's undelivered max aircraft.
interest income for 2021 decreased by $19 million, or 59.4 percent, compared with 2020, due to lower interest rates.
other (gains) losses, net, primarily includes amounts recorded as a result of the company's hedging activities. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the company's hedging activities. the following table displays the components of other (gains) losses, net, for 2021 and 2020:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                  2021                          2020
mark-to-market impact from fuel contracts settling in current and future periods          $(7)                           $40
premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges                                     43                            34
mark-to-market impact from interest rate swap agreements                                     -                            28
mark-to-market gain on deferred compensation plan investment                              (33)                             -
correction on investment gains related to prior periods                                   (60)                             -
loss on partial extinguishment of convertible notes                                         28                             -
post-retirement curtailment charge                                                           -                            53
other                                                                                        7                             3
$(22)                          $158
income taxes the company's annual 2021 effective tax rate was 26.3 percent, compared with 27.8 percent in 2020. the higher tax rate for 2020 was primarily due to the net loss incurred during 2020, resulting in a tax benefit and refund of previously paid taxes, when the company was subject to a higher federal statutory tax rate, as was allowed under the cares act.
2020 compared with 2019
the company's comparison of 2020 results to 2019 results is included in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, under part ii item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
reconciliation of reported amounts to non-gaap financial measures (excluding special items) (unaudited) (in millions, except per share amounts and per asm amounts)
year ended december 31,                   percent
2021                                                                                                                                                                           2020                    change fuel and oil expense, unhedged                                                                                                        $3,350                            $1,810
add: premium cost of fuel contracts designated as hedges                                                                                  57                                64
deduct: fuel hedge gains included in fuel and oil expense, net                                                                          (97)                              (25)
fuel and oil expense, as reported                                                                                                     $3,310                            $1,849
add: fuel hedge contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)                             8                                25
add: premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges                                                                              43                                34
fuel and oil expense, excluding special items (economic)                                                                              $3,361                            $1,908                      76.2    %
total operating expenses, net, as reported                                                                                           $14,069                           $12,864
add: payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net                                                                              2,960                               967
add: fuel hedge contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)                             8                                25
add: interest rate swap agreements terminated in a prior period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)                      3                                 -
add: premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges                                                                              43                                34
add: gain from aircraft sale-leaseback transactions                                                                                        -                               222
deduct: impairment of long-lived assets                                                                                                 (12)                              (32)
total operating expenses, excluding special items                                                                                    $17,071                           $14,080                      21.2    %
deduct: fuel and oil expense, excluding special items (economic)                                                                     (3,361)                           (1,908)
operating expenses, excluding fuel and oil expense and special items                                                                 $13,710                           $12,172                      12.6    %
deduct: profitsharing expense                                                                                                          (230)                                 -
operating expenses, excluding fuel and oil expense, special items, and profitsharing                                                 $13,480                           $12,172                      10.7    %
operating income (loss), as reported                                                                                                  $1,721                          $(3,816)
deduct: payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net                                                                         (2,960)                             (967)
deduct: fuel hedge contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)                        (8)                              (25)
deduct: interest rate swap agreements terminated in a prior period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)                 (3)                                 -
deduct: premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges                                                                         (43)                              (34)
deduct: gain from aircraft sale-leaseback transactions                                                                                     -                             (222)
add: impairment of long-lived assets                                                                                                      12                                32
operating loss, excluding special items                                                                                             $(1,281)                          $(5,032)                    (74.5)    %
other (gains) losses, net, as reported                                                                                                 $(22)                              $158
add (deduct): mark-to-market impact from fuel contracts settling in current and future periods                                             7                              (40)
deduct: premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges                                                                         (43)                              (34)
deduct: mark-to-market impact from interest rate swap agreements                                                                           -                              (28)
deduct: loss on partial extinguishment of convertible notes                                                                             (28)                                 -
deduct: post-retirement curtailment charge                                                                                                 -                              (53)
other (gains) losses, net, excluding special items                                                                                     $(86)                                $3                           n.m.
year ended december 31,   percent
2021                                                                                                                                                                           2020   change income (loss) before income taxes, as reported                                                                                        $1,325                          $(4,256)
deduct: payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net                                                                         (2,960)                             (967)
deduct: fuel hedge contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)                        (8)                              (25)
deduct: interest rate swap agreements terminated in a prior period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)                 (3)                                 -
deduct: gain from aircraft sale-leaseback transactions                                                                                     -                             (222)
add: impairment of long-lived assets                                                                                                      12                                32
add (deduct): mark-to-market impact from fuel contracts settling in current and future periods (a)                                       (7)                                40
add: mark-to-market impact from interest rate swap agreements                                                                              -                                28
add: loss on partial extinguishment of convertible notes                                                                                  28                                 -
add: post-retirement curtailment charge                                                                                                    -                                53
loss before income taxes, excluding special items                                                                                   $(1,613)                          $(5,317)        (69.7)      %
provision (benefit) for income taxes, as reported                                                                                       $348               $(1,182)
deduct: net income (loss) tax impact of fuel and special items (b)                                                                     (690)                  (376)
deduct: gaap to non-gaap tax rate difference (c)                                                                                           -                  (247)
benefit for income taxes, net, excluding special items                                                                                $(342)               $(1,805)      (81.1)   %
net income (loss), as reported                                                                                                          $977               $(3,074)
deduct: payroll support and voluntary employee programs, net                                                                         (2,960)                  (967)
deduct: fuel hedge contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)                        (8)                   (25)
deduct: interest rate swap agreements terminated in a prior period, but for which losses were reclassified from aoci (a)                 (3)                      -
deduct: gain from aircraft sale-leaseback transactions                                                                                     -                  (222)
add: impairment of long-lived assets                                                                                                      12                     32
add (deduct): mark-to-market impact from fuel contracts settling in current and future periods (a)                                       (7)                     40
add: mark-to-market impact from interest rate swap agreements                                                                              -                     28
add: loss on partial extinguishment of convertible notes                                                                                  28                      -
add: post-retirement curtailment charge                                                                                                    -                     53
add: net income (loss) tax impact of special items (b)                                                                                   690                    376
add: gaap to non-gaap tax rate difference (c)                                                                                              -                    247
net loss, excluding special items                                                                                                   $(1,271)               $(3,512)      (63.8)   %
net income (loss) per share, diluted, as reported                                                                                      $1.61                $(5.44)
deduct: impact of special items                                                                                                       (4.80)                 (1.83)
deduct: net impact of net income (loss) above from fuel contracts divided by dilutive shares                                          (0.02)                 (0.04)
add: net income (loss) tax impact of special items (b)                                                                                  1.12                   0.66
add: gaap to non-gaap tax rate difference (c)                                                                                              -                   0.43
deduct: gaap to non-gaap diluted weighted average shares difference (d)                                                               (0.06)                      -
net loss per share, diluted, excluding special items                                                                                 $(2.15)                $(6.22)      (65.4)   %
year ended december 31,   percent
2021                                                                                                                                                  2020   change operating expenses per asm (cents)                                                                              10.66    ¢                      12.43    ¢
add: impact of special items                                                                                     2.23                            1.18
deduct: fuel and oil expense divided by asms                                                                   (2.51)                          (1.84)
deduct: profitsharing expense divided by asms                                                                  (0.17)                               -
operating expenses per asm, excluding fuel and oil expense, profitsharing, and special items (cents)            10.21    ¢                      11.77    ¢   (13.3)      %
(a) see note 11 to consolidated financial statements for further information.
(b) tax amounts for each individual special item are calculated at the company's effective rate for the applicable period and totaled in this line item.
(c) adjustment related to gaap and non-gaap tax rate differences, primarily due to the payroll support being excluded as a special item, and reflecting the anticipated benefit of carrying back full year 2020 projected net losses to claim tax refunds against previous cash taxes paid relating to tax years 2015 through 2019, some of which were at higher rates than the current year.
(d) adjustment related to gaap and non-gaap diluted weighted average shares difference, due to the company being in a net income position on a gaap basis versus a net loss position on a non-gaap basis for the year ended december 31, 2021. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
note regarding use of non-gaap financial measures the company's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"). these gaap financial statements may include (i) unrealized noncash adjustments and reclassifications, which can be significant, as a result of accounting requirements and elections made under accounting pronouncements relating to derivative instruments and hedging and (ii) other charges and benefits the company believes are unusual and/or infrequent in nature and thus may make comparisons to its prior or future performance difficult.
as a result, the company also provides financial information in this filing that was not prepared in accordance with gaap and should not be considered as an alternative to the information prepared in accordance with gaap. the company provides supplemental non-gaap financial information (also referred to as "excluding special items"), including results that it refers to as "economic," which the company's management utilizes to evaluate its ongoing financial performance and the company believes provides additional insight to investors as supplemental information to its gaap results. the non-gaap measures provided that relate to the company's performance on an economic fuel cost basis include fuel and oil expense, non-gaap; total operating expenses, non-gaap; operating expenses, non-gaap excluding fuel and oil expense; operating expenses, non-gaap excluding fuel and oil expense and profitsharing; operating loss, non-gaap; other (gains) losses, net, non-gaap; loss before income taxes, non-gaap; benefit for income taxes, net, non-gaap; net loss, non-gaap; net loss per share, diluted, non-gaap; and operating expenses per asm, non-gaap, excluding fuel and oil expense and profitsharing (cents). the company's economic fuel and oil expense results differ from gaap results in that they only include the actual cash settlements from fuel hedge contracts - all reflected within fuel and oil expense in the period of settlement. thus, fuel and oil expense on an economic basis has historically been utilized by the company, as well as some of the other airlines that utilize fuel hedging, as it reflects the company's actual net cash outlays for fuel during the applicable period, inclusive of settled fuel derivative contracts. any net premium costs paid related to option contracts that are designated as hedges are reflected as a component of fuel and oil expense, for both gaap and non-gaap (including economic) purposes in the period of contract settlement. the company believes these economic results provide further insight into the impact of the company's fuel hedges on its operating performance and liquidity since they exclude the unrealized, noncash adjustments and reclassifications that are recorded in gaap results in accordance with accounting guidance relating to derivative instruments, and they reflect all cash settlements related to fuel derivative contracts within fuel and oil expense. this enables the company's management, as well as investors and analysts, to consistently assess the company's operating performance on a year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter basis after considering all efforts in place to manage fuel expense. however, because these measures are not determined in accordance with gaap, such measures are susceptible to varying calculations, and not all companies calculate the measures in the same manner. as a result, the aforementioned measures, as presented, may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.
further information on (i) the company's fuel hedging program, (ii) the requirements of accounting for derivative instruments, and (iii) the causes of hedge ineffectiveness and/or mark-to-market gains or losses from derivative instruments is included in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
the company's gaap results in the applicable periods may include other charges or benefits that are also deemed "special items," that the company believes make its results difficult to compare to prior periods, anticipated future periods, or industry trends. financial measures identified as non-gaap (or as excluding special items) have been adjusted to exclude special items. for the periods presented, in addition to the items discussed above, special items include:
1.proceeds related to the payroll support programs, which were used to pay a portion of employee salaries, wages, and benefits;
2.charges and adjustments to previously accrued amounts related to the company's extended leave programs;
3.adjustments for prior period losses reclassified from aoci associated with forward-starting interest rate swap agreements that were terminated in prior periods related to 12 -8 aircraft leases;
4.gains associated with the sale-leaseback of ten boeing 737-800 aircraft and ten boeing -8 aircraft to third parties;
5.a noncash impairment charge related to 20 boeing 737-700 aircraft that were retired during 2020 and 8 boeing 737-700 aircraft that were retired in 2021;
6.unrealized losses related to 12 forward-starting interest rate swap agreements. during 2020, the interest rate swap agreements, which were related to 12 -8 aircraft leases (with deliveries originally scheduled between june 2020 and september 2020), were de-designated as hedges due to the scheduled delivery range no longer being probable, resulting in the mark-to-market changes being recorded to earnings;
7.losses associated with the partial extinguishment of the company's convertible notes; and
8.a post-retirement curtailment charge related to employees who accepted voluntary separation program 2020 and elected to participate in the company's retiree medical benefits plan.
because management believes special items can distort the trends associated with the company's ongoing performance as an airline, the company believes that evaluation of its financial performance can be enhanced by a supplemental presentation of results that exclude the impact of special items in order to enhance consistency and comparativeness with results in prior periods that do not include such items and as a basis for evaluating operating results in future periods. the following measures are often provided, excluding special items, and utilized by the company's management, analysts, and investors to enhance comparability of year-over-year results, as well as to industry trends: fuel and oil expense, non-gaap; total operating expenses, non-gaap; operating expenses, non-gaap excluding fuel and oil expense; operating expenses, non-gaap excluding fuel and oil expense and profitsharing; operating loss, non-gaap; other (gains) losses, net, non-gaap; loss before income taxes, non-gaap; benefit for income taxes, net, non-gaap; net loss, non-gaap; net loss per share, diluted, non-gaap; and operating expenses per asm, non-gaap, excluding fuel and oil expense and profitsharing (cents).
liquidity and capital resources the enormous impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the u.s. travel industry created an urgent liquidity crisis for the entire airline industry, including the company. however, due to the company's pre-pandemic low balance sheet leverage, large base of unencumbered assets, and investment-grade credit ratings, the company was able to quickly access additional liquidity during 2020, as customer cancellations and ticket refunds spiked and sales and revenues dropped while the company continued to experience significant fixed operating expenses. see note 2 and note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as the transactions completed and assistance obtained under payroll support programs.
net cash provided by operating activities for 2021 was $2.3 billion, and net cash used in operating activities for 2020 was $1.1 billion. operating cash inflows are historically primarily derived from ticket sales associated with providing air transportation to customers. the vast majority of tickets are purchased prior to the day on which travel is provided and, in some cases, several months before the anticipated travel date. operating cash outflows are related to the recurring expenses of airline operations. operating cash flows for 2021 included $2.7 billion in payroll support program grant proceeds received. the net increase in operating cash flows was also a result of a $591 million increase in air traffic liability driven by increased ticket sales related to an increase in leisure travel demand. the operating cash flows for 2020 were affected primarily by (i) the initial, most significant, impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, which resulted in a significant drop in travel demand, sales, and revenues, leading to the company's net loss (as adjusted for noncash items), and (ii) the company's funding of its $667 million 2019 profitsharing distribution to employees in 2020. in 2020, these net decreases in cash from operating activities were partially offset by a $1.6 billion increase in air traffic liability and by $2.4 billion in payroll support program grant proceeds received. the increase in air traffic liability was due to ticket sales in early 2020 for future travel that have not been flown as a result of the significant number of customer trip cancellations associated with the covid-19 pandemic, and growth in rapid rewards points earned due to multiple loyalty credit card promotions throughout 2020. cash flows associated with entering into new fuel derivatives, which are classified as other, net, operating cash flows, were net outflows of $34 million in 2021 and $129 million in 2020. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. net cash provided by operating activities is primarily used to finance capital expenditures, repay debt, and provide working capital. historically, the company has also used net cash provided by operating activities to fund stock repurchases and pay dividends; however these shareholder return activities have been suspended due to restrictions associated with the payroll assistance under the payroll support programs and the company's $1.0 billion amended and restated revolving credit facility (the "amended a&r credit agreement"). see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
net cash used in investing activities for 2021 and 2020 was $1.3 billion and $16 million, respectively. investing activities in both years included capital expenditures, and changes in the balance of the company's short-term and noncurrent investments. during 2020, the company also raised $815 million from the sale-leaseback of 20 aircraft (see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for more details on the sale-leaseback transactions) and received $428 million of supplier proceeds, which the company considers an offset to its aircraft capital expenditures. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. during 2021, capital expenditures were $505 million, compared with $515 million in the same prior year period. the company continues to estimate its 2022 capital spending to be approximately $5.0 billion, including approximately $900 million in non-aircraft capital spending. this includes 12 2022 -8 options exercised through february 3, 2022, and assumes the company exercises all 30 remaining 2022 options. fleet and other capital investment plans are expected to evolve as the company continues to manage through the pandemic, and the company intends to continue evaluating the exercise of its remaining 30 max options for 2022 as decision deadlines occur.
net cash provided by financing activities for 2021 and 2020 was $359 million and $9.7 billion, respectively. during 2021, the company borrowed $1.1 billion under payroll support programs. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. the company repaid $905 million in debt and finance lease obligations, including the extinguishment of $203 million in principal of its convertible notes for cash payments totaling $293 million during 2021. during 2020, the company borrowed $13.6 billion, through various transactions, in order to improve its liquidity position as a result of the pandemic. an additional $2.3 billion was raised from a public offering of 80.5 million shares of common stock. these financings were partially offset by the full repayment of $3.7 billion borrowed under the company's amended and restated 364-day credit agreement and $1.0 billion drawn under the company's amended a&r credit agreement. the company also repurchased $451 million of its outstanding common stock and paid $188 million in cash dividends to shareholders in 2020 prior to restrictions associated with the payroll assistance under the payroll support programs. additionally, the company repaid $839 million in other debt and finance lease obligations during 2020.
a discussion of the company's most significant drivers impacting cash flow for 2019 are included in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, under part ii item 7, liquidity and capital resources.
the company is a "well-known seasoned issuer" and currently has an effective shelf registration statement registering an indeterminate amount of debt and equity securities for future sales. the company currently intends to use the proceeds from any future securities sales off this shelf registration statement for general corporate purposes.
the company has access to $1.0 billion under its amended a&r credit agreement. the amended a&r credit agreement has an accordion feature that would allow the company, subject to, among other things, the procurement of incremental commitments, to increase the size of the facility to $1.5 billion. interest on the facility is based on the company's credit ratings at the time of borrowing. at the company's current ratings, the interest cost would be libor plus a spread of 200 basis points. the facility contains a financial covenant to maintain total liquidity, as defined in the amended a&r credit agreement, of $1.5 billion at all times under the amended a&r credit agreement; the company was compliant with this requirement as of december 31, 2021. there were no amounts outstanding under the amended a&r credit agreement as of december 31, 2021.
although not the case at december 31, 2021 due to the company's significant financing activities in 2020 and 2021, the company has historically carried a working capital deficit, in which its current liabilities exceed its current assets. this is common within the airline industry and is primarily due to the nature of the air traffic liability account, which is related to advance ticket sales, unused funds available to customers, and loyalty deferred revenue, which are performance obligations for future customer flights, do not require future settlement in cash, and are mostly nonrefundable. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
the company believes it has various options available to meet its capital and operating commitments, including unrestricted cash and short-term investments of $15.5 billion as of december 31, 2021, and anticipated future internally generated funds from operations. however, the covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve and could have a material adverse impact on the company's ability to meet its capital and operating commitments. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic.
the following discussion includes various short-term and long-term material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations, but does not include amounts that are contingent on events or other factors that are uncertain or unknown at this time. given the company's current liquidity position, available resources, and prevailing outlook, it expects to be able to fulfill both its short-term and long-term material cash requirements. the amounts disclosed are based on various estimates, including estimates regarding the timing of payments, prevailing interest rates, volumes purchased, the occurrence of certain events and other factors. accordingly, the actual results may vary materially from the amounts discussed herein.
debt see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further detail on the company's debt and the timing of expected and future principal payments. the company also has significant future obligations associated with fixed interest payments associated with its debt. as of december 31, 2021, future interest payments associated with its fixed rate debt (excluding interest associated with finance leases) were $343 million in 2022, $301 million in 2023, $271 million in 2024, $217 million in 2025, $163 million in 2026, and $193 million thereafter.
the company's convertible notes did not meet the criteria to be converted by holders as of the date of the financial statements, and thus are classified as long-term debt in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2021. if the provisions were met to allow holders to exercise their conversion option on these instruments, all of the remaining convertible notes would be reclassified as a current obligation. also, the company has engaged in transactions with certain convertible debt holders to purchase their instruments in private transactions from time to time in cash, and may continue to do so in future periods. the company considers its prevailing stock price, the trading price of its convertible debt instruments, and its available liquidity in determining how much of these instruments it may attempt to repurchase in such transactions.
leases the company enters into leases for aircraft, airports and other real property, and other types of equipment in the normal course of business. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further detail.
aircraft purchase commitments the company is required to make cash deposits toward the purchase of aircraft in advance. these deposits are classified as deposits on flight equipment purchase contracts in the consolidated balance sheet until the aircraft is delivered, at which time deposits previously made are deducted from the final purchase price of aircraft and are reclassified as flight equipment. see part i, item 2 for a complete table of the company's contractual firm deliveries and options for -7 and -8 aircraft, and note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for the financial commitments related to these firm deliveries.
other the company's other material cash requirements primarily consist of outlays associated with normal operating expenses of the airline, including payroll, fuel, airport costs, etc. while many of these expenses are variable in nature, some of the expenditures can be somewhat fixed in the short-term due to the lead-time involved in publishing the company's flight schedule in advance and providing for resources to be available to operate those schedules.
the company has a large net deferred tax liability on its consolidated balance sheet. the deferral of income taxes has resulted in a significant benefit to the company and its liquidity position. since the company purchases the majority of the aircraft it acquires, it has been able to utilize accelerated depreciation methods (including bonus depreciation) available under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, in 2021 and in previous years, which has enabled the company to accelerate cash tax benefits of depreciation. based on the company's scheduled future aircraft deliveries from boeing and existing tax laws in effect, the company will continue to accelerate the cash income tax benefits related to aircraft purchases. however, due to the company's net taxable loss incurred in 2020, and a provision within the cares act that allows entities to carry back such 2020 losses to prior periods of up to five years, and claim refunds of federal taxes paid, the company expects to receive a significant cash tax refund of $472 million associated with this taxable loss from the internal revenue service in the first six months of 2022. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. the company has paid in the past, and will continue to pay in the future, significant cash taxes to the various taxing jurisdictions where it operates. the company expects to be able to continue to meet such obligations utilizing cash and investments on hand, as well as cash generated from its ongoing operations.
critical accounting policies and estimates the company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the company's significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires the company's management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes. the company's estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and changes in the business environment. however, actual results may differ from estimates under different conditions, sometimes materially. critical accounting policies and estimates are defined as those that both (i) are most important to the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results and (ii) require management's most subjective judgments. the company's critical accounting policies and estimates are described below.
revenue recognition tickets sold for passenger air travel are initially deferred as air traffic liability. passenger revenue is recognized and air traffic liability is reduced when the service is provided (i.e., when the flight takes place). air traffic liability primarily represents tickets sold for future travel dates, funds that are past flight date and remain unused, but are expected to be used in the future, and the company's liability for loyalty benefits that are expected to be redeemed in the future. air traffic liability typically fluctuates throughout the year based on seasonal travel patterns, fare sale activity, and activity associated with the company's loyalty program. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for information about the company's revenue recognition policies.
for air travel on southwest, the amount of tickets that will expire unused, referred to as breakage, are estimated and recognized in passenger revenue once the scheduled flight date has passed, in proportion to the pattern of rights exercised by the customer, as per accounting standards codification 606, revenue from contracts with customers. estimating the amount of tickets that will expire unused involves some level of subjectivity and judgment. the majority of the company's tickets sold are nonrefundable, although the funds remain reusable, for a period of time, in the form of a flight credit that can be applied towards the purchase of future travel. flight credits are typically created when a customer cancels or modifies an existing flight itinerary. these unused flight credits are the primary source of breakage. breakage estimates are based on historical experience over many years, and the company has consistently applied this accounting method to estimate revenue from unused tickets at the date of scheduled travel. fully refundable tickets rarely expire unused.
as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, for all customer flight credits created or scheduled to expire between march 1 and september 7, 2020 associated with flight cancellations, the company has extended the expiration date to september 7, 2022. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding these extended flight credits. since the company did not have historical data to enable it to accurately estimate the pattern of usage of these extended credits, these credits have been classified as a current liability throughout their history. due to the significant increase in time allowed by the company for these customers to redeem such credits for future travel, the percentage of the extended credits that will ultimately expire unused is currently expected to be lower than the company's historical experience with flight credits that were not extended ("normal" flight credits), and this lack of historical experience also impacts the company's ability to estimate ultimate expirations. therefore, as a result of the significant volume of these extended credits and the company's lack of historical experience associated with such extended travel credits, recognition of expected breakage will likely create volatility in certain passenger revenue metrics through september 2022. for the year ended december 31, 2021, holding other factors constant, a 10 percent change in the company's estimate of the amount of these extended credits that will expire unused would have resulted in an immaterial change in passenger revenues recognized.
also as a result of changes in observed customer travel habits and behaviors during 2021, the company has increased its estimates of "normal" customer flight credits that are expected to expire unused. although very little of these funds have yet to reach their expiration dates, customer redemptions of these "normal" credits have been at a slower rate than the company's historical data would suggest for similar credits in periods prior to the covid-19 pandemic. based on historical customer behavior, holding other factors constant, a 10 percent change in the company's estimate of the amount of "normal" tickets and/or flight credits that will expire unused would have resulted in a $59 million, or less than one percent, change in passenger revenues recognized for the year ended december 31, 2021.
observed customer behavior that differs from historical experience can cause actual ticket breakage to differ significantly from estimates. assumptions about customer behavior are reviewed frequently and corresponding adjustments are made to breakage estimates, as needed, when observed behaviors differ from historical experience. assumptions about customer behavior can be impacted by several factors including, but not limited to: fare increases, fare sales, changes to the company's ticketing policies, changes to the company's refund, exchange and unused funds policies, seat availability, and economic factors. the company's estimation techniques have been consistently applied from year to year; however, as with any estimates, actual ticket breakage may vary from estimated amounts. given the unprecedented amount of 2020 customer flight cancellations and the amount of travel funds available to customers for use through september 2022, the company expects additional variability in the amount of breakage recorded in future periods, especially as a percentage of revenues, as the estimates of the portion of sold tickets that will expire unused may differ from historical experience and the company's overall revenues remain below pre-covid-19 pandemic levels.
fair value measurements and financial derivative instruments the company utilizes unobservable (level 3) inputs in determining the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. at december 31, 2021, these consisted of its fuel derivative option contracts, which were an asset of $696 million. the company utilizes financial derivative instruments primarily to manage its risk associated with changing jet fuel prices. see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for more information on these risk management activities, note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on the company's fuel hedging program and financial derivative instruments, and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about fair value measurements.
all derivatives are required to be reflected at fair value and recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. at december 31, 2021, the company was a party to over 175 separate financial derivative instruments related to its fuel hedging program for future periods. changes in the fair values of these instruments can vary dramatically based on changes in the underlying commodity prices. for example, during 2021, market "spot" prices for brent crude oil peaked at a high average daily price of approximately $86 per barrel and hit a low average daily price of approximately $51 per barrel. during 2020, market spot prices ranged from a high average daily price of approximately $69 per barrel to a low average daily price of approximately $19 per barrel. market price changes can be driven by factors such as supply and demand, inventory levels, weather events, refinery capacity, political agendas, the value of the u.s. dollar, geopolitical events, the extent of the covid-19 pandemic, and general economic conditions, among other items. historically, the financial derivative instruments utilized by the company primarily are a combination of collars, purchased call options, call spreads, put spreads, and fixed price swap agreements.
the company enters into financial derivative instruments with third party institutions in "over-the-counter" markets. since the majority of the company's financial derivative instruments are not traded on a market exchange, the company estimates their fair values. depending on the type of instrument, the values are determined by the use of present value methods or standard option value models with assumptions about commodity prices based on those observed in underlying markets.
the company determines the fair value of fuel derivative option contracts utilizing an option pricing model based on inputs that are either readily available in public markets, can be derived from information available in publicly quoted markets, or are quoted by its counterparties. in situations where the company obtains inputs via quotes from its counterparties, it verifies the reasonableness of these quotes via similar quotes from another counterparty as of each date for which financial statements are prepared. the company has consistently applied these valuation techniques in all periods presented and believes it has obtained the most accurate information available for the types of derivative contracts it holds. due to the fact that certain inputs used in determining the estimated fair value of its option contracts are considered unobservable (primarily implied volatility), the company has categorized these option contracts as level 3. although implied volatility is not directly observable, it is derived primarily from changes in market prices, which are observable. based on the company's portfolio of option contracts as of december 31, 2021, a 10 percent change in implied volatility, holding all other factors constant, would have resulted in a change in the fair value of this portfolio of less than $105 million.
fair values for financial derivative instruments are estimated prior to the time that the financial derivative instruments settle. however, once settlement of the financial derivative instruments occurs and the hedged jet fuel is purchased and consumed, all values and prices are known and are recognized in the financial statements. although the company continues to use a prospective assessment to determine that commodities continue to qualify for hedge accounting in specific locations where the company hedges, there are no assurances that these commodities will continue to qualify in the future. this is due to the fact that future price changes in these refined products may not be consistent with historical price changes. increased volatility in these commodity markets for an extended period of time, especially if such volatility were to worsen, could cause the company to lose hedge accounting altogether for the commodities used in its fuel hedging program. further, should the anticipated fuel purchases covered by the company's fuel hedges no longer be probable of occurring, the company would discontinue hedge accounting. the loss of hedge accounting would create further volatility in the company's gaap financial results.
as discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, any changes in fair value of cash flow derivatives designated as hedges are offset within aoci until the period in which the expected future cash flow impacts earnings. any changes in the fair value of fuel derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reflected in earnings within other (gains) losses, net, in the period of the change. because the company has extensive historical experience in valuing the derivative instruments it holds, and such experience is continually evaluated against its counterparties each period when such instruments expire and are settled for cash, the company believes it is unlikely that an independent third party would value the company's derivative contracts at a significantly different amount than what is reflected in the company's financial statements. in addition, the company also has bilateral credit provisions in some of its counterparty agreements, which provide for parties (or the company) to provide cash collateral when the fair value of fuel derivatives with a single party exceeds certain threshold levels. since this cash collateral is based on the estimated fair value of the company's outstanding fuel derivative contracts, this provides further validation to the company's estimate of fair values.
loyalty accounting the company utilizes estimates in the recognition of revenues and liabilities associated with its loyalty program. these estimates primarily include the liability associated with rapid rewards loyalty member ("member") account balances that are expected to be redeemed for travel or other products at a future date. loyalty account balances include points earned through flights taken, points sold to customers, or points earned through business partners participating in the loyalty program.
under the southwest rapid rewards loyalty program, members earn points for every dollar spent on southwest base fares. the amount of points earned under the program is based on the fare amount and fare type, with higher fare types (e.g., business select) earning more points than lower fare types (e.g., wanna get away). each fare type is associated with a points earning multiplier, and points for flights are calculated by multiplying the fare amount for the flight by the fare type multiplier. likewise, the amount of points required to be redeemed for a flight can differ based on the fare type purchased. under the program, (i) members are able to redeem their points for every available seat, every day, on every flight, with no blackout dates; and (ii) points do not expire. in addition, members are able to redeem their points for items other than travel on southwest airlines, such as international flights on other airlines, cruises, hotel stays, rental cars, gift cards, event tickets, and more. in addition to earning points for revenue flights and qualifying purchases with rapid rewards partners, members also have the ability to purchase, gift, and transfer points, as well as the ability to donate points to selected charities.
the company utilizes the deferred revenue method of accounting for points earned through flights taken in its loyalty program. the company also sells points and related services to business partners participating in the loyalty program. liabilities are recorded for the relative standalone selling price of the rapid rewards points which are awarded each period. the liabilities recorded represent the total number of points expected to be redeemed by members, regardless of whether the members may have enough to qualify for a full travel award. at december 31, 2021, the loyalty liabilities were approximately $4.8 billion, including $2.6 billion classified within air traffic liability and $2.2 billion classified as air traffic liability - noncurrent.
in order to determine the value of each loyalty point, certain assumptions must be made at the time of measurement, which include an allocation of passenger revenue between the flight and loyalty points earned by passengers, and the fair value of rapid rewards points, which are generally based on their redemption value to the customer. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on determining the estimated fair value of each loyalty point.
the majority of the points sold to business partners are through the southwest co-branded credit card agreement ("agreement") with chase bank usa, n.a. consideration received as part of this agreement is subject to accounting standards codification 606, revenue from contracts with customers. the agreement has the following multiple elements: travel points to be awarded, use of the southwest airlines' brand and access to rapid rewards member lists, advertising elements, and the company's resource team. these elements are combined into two performance obligations, transportation and marketing, and consideration from the agreement is allocated based on the relative selling price of each performance obligation.
significant management judgment was used to estimate the selling price of each of the performance obligations in the agreement at inception, including each time in which the agreement has been materially amended. the objective is to determine the price at which the company would transact a sale if the product or service was sold on a stand-alone basis. the company determines the best estimate of selling price by considering multiple inputs and methods including, but not limited to, the estimated selling price of comparable travel, discounted cash flows, brand value, published selling prices, number of points awarded, and the number of points redeemed. the company estimates the selling prices and volumes over the term of the agreement in order to determine the allocation of proceeds to each of the multiple performance obligations. the company records revenue related to air transportation when the transportation is delivered and revenue related to marketing elements when the performance obligation is satisfied. a one percent increase or decrease in the company's estimate of the standalone selling prices, implemented as of january 1, 2021, causing a change to the allocation of proceeds to air transportation would not have had a material impact on the company's operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2021.
under its current program, southwest estimates the portion of loyalty points that will not be redeemed. in estimating the breakage, the company takes into account the member's past behavior, as well as several factors related to the member's account that are expected to be indicative of the likelihood of future point redemption. these factors are typically representative of a member's level of engagement in the loyalty program. they include, but are not limited to, tenure with the program, points accrued in the program, and points redeemed in the program. the company believes it has obtained sufficient historical behavioral data to develop a predictive statistical model to analyze the amount of breakage expected for all loyalty points. the company updates this model at least annually, and applies the new breakage rates effective october 1st each year, or more frequently if required by changes in the business. changes in the breakage rates applied annually in recent years have not had a material impact on passenger revenues. for the year ended december 31, 2021, based on actual redemptions of points sold to business partners and earned through flights, a hypothetical one percentage point change in the estimated breakage rate would have resulted in a change to passenger revenue of approximately $100 million (an increase in breakage would have resulted in an increase in revenue and a decrease in breakage would have resulted in a decrease in revenue). given that member behavior will continue to develop as the program matures, the company expects the current estimates may change in future periods. however, the company believes its current estimates are reasonable given current facts and circumstances.
