item 1a. risk factors.
we are subject to various risks that make an investment in our securities risky. the events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, these risks could cause results to differ materially from those we express in forward-looking statements contained in this report or in other company communications. these risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations.
risks relating to covid-19
covid-19 has had a material detrimental impact on our business and financial results, and such impact could continue and may worsen for an unknown period of time.
covid-19 has been and continues to be a complex and evolving situation, with governments, public institutions and other organizations imposing or recommending, and businesses and individuals implementing, at various times and to varying degrees, restrictions on various activities or other actions to combat its spread, such as warnings, restrictions and bans on travel, transportation or in-person gatherings; closures of, or occupancy or other operating limitations on, work facilities, lodging facilities, food and beverage establishments, schools, public buildings and businesses; cancellation of events, including sporting events, conferences and meetings; and quarantines and lock-downs. covid-19 has dramatically reduced travel and demand for hotel rooms, and has negatively impacted, in some cases is continuing to negatively impact and may in the future negatively impact, our business, operations, and financial results, including, but not limited to, as follows:
•reducing revenues at our managed and franchised hotels, owned and leased hotels, and properties in which we have an investment;
•impacting the ability of our managed and franchised hotels, owned and leased hotels, and properties in which we have an investment to meet expenses, including payment of amounts owed to us;
•adversely affecting the value of our owned and leased properties or investments;
•affecting the ability or willingness of hotel owners and franchisees to service, repay or refinance existing indebtedness or similar obligations, including loans or guaranty advances we have made to or for them;
•making it more difficult for hotel owners and franchisees to obtain financing on commercially acceptable terms, or at all;
•causing hotel construction and opening delays;
•decreasing the rate at which new projects enter our pipeline;
•causing a significant number of hotels to exit our system;
•requiring us to borrow or otherwise raise a significant amount of cash in order to preserve financial flexibility, repay maturing debt and manage debt maturities;
•causing the terms of our borrowing to be more expensive or more restrictive; and
•adversely affecting our ability to attract and retain associates.
the extent to which covid-19 impacts our business, operations, and financial results will depend on the factors described above and numerous other evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or assess, including the continued duration and scope of covid-19; the availability, effectiveness and acceptance of vaccines and treatments; covid-19's impact on global and regional economies and economic activity, unemployment rates and consumer discretionary spending; covid-19's short and longer-term impact on the demand for travel, including business transient and group business, and levels of consumer confidence; and the extent to which the recovery of travel and lodging demand is disrupted by new covid-19 variants or other dislocations in pandemic recovery. covid-19, and the volatile regional and global economic conditions stemming from covid-19, as well as additional or unforeseen effects from the covid-19 pandemic or future pandemics, could also give rise to, aggravate, and impact our ability to allocate resources to mitigate the other risks that we identify below, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. further, covid-19 may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations.
risks relating to our industry our industry is highly competitive, which may impact our ability to compete successfully for guests. we operate in markets that contain many competitors. each of our hotel brands and our home rental offering competes with major hotel chains, regional hotel chains, independent hotels, and home sharing and rental services across national and international venues. our ability to remain competitive and attract and retain business and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing the quality and value of, and driving preference for, our lodging products and services, including our loyalty program, direct booking channels, consumer-facing technology platforms and services, and other offerings (including our co-branded credit cards), from those offered by others. if we cannot compete successfully in these areas, our operating margins could contract, our market share could decrease, and our earnings could decline. further, new lodging supply in individual markets could have a negative impact on the hotel industry and hamper our ability to maintain or increase room rates or occupancy in those markets.
economic downturns and other global, national, and regional conditions could further impact our financial results and growth. because we conduct our business on a global platform, changes in global, national, or regional economies, governmental policies (including in areas such as trade, travel, immigration, healthcare, and related issues), and geopolitical and social conditions impact our activities. our business is impacted by decreases in travel resulting from weak economic conditions, changes in energy prices and currency values, technologies that provide alternatives to in-person meetings and events, political instability, geopolitical conflict, heightened travel security measures, travel advisories, disruptions in air travel, and concerns over disease, violence, war, or terrorism.
as discussed in "risks relating to covid-19," our performance has been materially affected by some of these conditions and could be further materially affected if these conditions worsen, arise in the future, or extend longer than anticipated, or in other circumstances that we are not able to predict or mitigate. even after covid-19 subsides, our business, markets, growth prospects, and business model could continue to be materially impacted or altered.
risks relating to our business operational risks premature termination of our management or franchise agreements could hurt our financial performance. our hotel management and franchise agreements may be subject to premature termination in certain circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of a hotel owner or franchisee, the failure of the hotel owner or franchisee to comply with its payment or other obligations under the agreement, a failure under some agreements to meet specified financial or performance criteria which we do not cure, or in certain limited cases, other negotiated contractual termination rights. some courts have also applied agency law principles and related fiduciary standards to managers of third-party hotel properties, including us (or have interpreted hotel management agreements to be "personal services contracts"). property owners may assert the right to terminate management agreements even where the agreements provide otherwise, and some courts have upheld such assertions about our management agreements and may do so in the future. when terminations occur for certain of these or other reasons, we may need to enforce our right to damages for breach of contract and related claims, which may cause us to incur significant legal fees and expenses. we may have difficulty collecting damages from the hotel owner or franchisee, and any damages we ultimately collect could be less than the projected future value of the fees and other amounts we would have otherwise collected under the management or franchise agreement. a significant loss of these agreements could hurt our financial performance or our ability to grow our business.
disagreements with owners of hotels that we manage or franchise may result in arbitration or litigation or delay implementation of product or service initiatives. consistent with our focus on management and franchising, we own very few of our lodging properties. the nature of our responsibilities under our management agreements to manage each hotel and enforce the standards required for our brands under both management and franchise agreements may be subject to interpretation and will, from time to time, give rise to disagreements, which may include disagreements over the need for or payment for new product, service or systems initiatives, the timing and amount of capital investments, and reimbursement for operating costs, system costs, or other amounts. in the months following the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, we saw an increase in such disagreements, and an increase in disagreements may become more likely again in the future during other periods when hotel returns are weaker. we seek to resolve any disagreements and to develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential hotel owners, franchisees, and real estate investment partners, but we cannot always do so. failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in arbitration or litigation, and could do so in the future. if any such dispute resolution process results in an adverse outcome, we could suffer significant losses, our profits could be reduced, or our future ability to operate our business could be constrained.
an increase in the use of third-party internet services to book online hotel reservations could adversely impact our business. some of our hotel rooms are booked through internet travel intermediaries such as expedia.com, priceline.com, booking.com, travelocity.com, and orbitz.com, as well as lesser-known online travel service providers. these intermediaries initially focused on leisure travel, but now also provide offerings for corporate travel and group meetings. although our best rate guarantee and member rate programs have helped limit guest preference shift to intermediaries and greatly reduced the ability of intermediaries to undercut the published rates at our hotels, intermediaries continue to use a variety of aggressive online marketing methods to attract guests, including the purchase by certain companies of trademarked online keywords such as "marriott" from internet search engines such as google, bing, yahoo, and baidu to steer guests toward their websites. our business and profitability could be harmed to the extent that online intermediaries succeed in significantly shifting loyalties from our lodging brands to their travel services, diverting bookings away from our direct online channels, or through their fees, increasing the overall cost of internet bookings for our hotels. in addition, if we are not able to negotiate new agreements on satisfactory terms when our existing contracts with intermediaries (which generally have 2- to 3- year terms) come up for renewal, our business and prospects could be negatively impacted in a number of ways. for example, if newly negotiated agreements are on terms less favorable to our hotels than the expiring agreements, or if we are not able to negotiate new agreements and our hotels no longer appear on intermediary websites, our bookings could decline, our profits (and the operating profits of hotels in our system) could decline, and customers and owners may be less attracted to our brands. we may not be able to recapture or offset any such loss of business through actions we take to enhance our direct marketing and reservation channels or to rely on other channels or other intermediary websites.
our growth strategy depends upon attracting third-party owners and franchisees to our platform, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable to us, depending on the terms offered by our competitors. our growth strategy for adding lodging facilities entails entering into and maintaining various arrangements with property owners. the terms of our management agreements and franchise agreements for each of our lodging facilities are influenced by contract terms offered by our competitors, among other things. we cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will continue or that we will be able to renew agreements or enter into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today.
our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may increase our costs, reduce our profits, or limit our growth. we and the hotels that we franchise or manage are subject to a variety of laws and regulations around the globe, including, among others, laws related to employment practices; marketing and advertising efforts; trade and economic sanctions; anti-bribery and anti-corruption; cybersecurity, data privacy, data localization and the handling of personally identifiable information; competition; the environment; health and safety; liquor sales; and the offer and sale of franchises. the compliance programs, internal controls, and policies we maintain and enforce to promote compliance with laws and regulations may not prevent our associates, contractors, or agents from materially violating these laws and regulations. the failure to meet the requirements of applicable laws or regulations, or publicity resulting from actual or alleged failures, could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations or reputation.
the significance of our operations outside of the u.s. makes us susceptible to the risks of doing business internationally, which could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, disrupt our business, or damage our reputation. a significant number of rooms in our system are located outside of the u.s. and its territories, which exposes us to certain challenges and risks, many of which are outside of our control, and which could materially reduce our revenues or profits, materially increase our costs, result in significant liabilities or sanctions, significantly disrupt our business, or significantly damage our reputation. these challenges and risks include: (1) compliance with complex and changing laws, regulations, and government policies, including sanctions, that could have a material negative impact on our operations or our ability to pursue development opportunities, cause reputational damage, or otherwise affect us; (2) the difficulties involved in managing an organization doing business in many different countries; (3) uncertainties regarding the interpretation of local laws and the enforceability of contract and intellectual property rights under local laws; and (4) rapid changes in government policy, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism, war, pandemics or other health emergencies, border control measures or other travel restrictions, or the threat of international boycotts or u.s. anti-boycott legislation.
exchange rate fluctuations and foreign exchange hedging arrangements could result in significant foreign currency gains and losses and affect our business results. we earn revenues and incur expenses in foreign currencies as part of our operations outside of the u.s. accordingly, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may significantly increase the amount of u.s. dollars required for foreign currency expenses or significantly decrease the u.s. dollars we receive from foreign currency revenues. we are also exposed to currency translation risk because the results of our non-u.s. business are generally reported in local currency, which we then translate to u.s. dollars for inclusion in our financial statements. as a result, exchange rate changes between foreign currencies and the u.s. dollar affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and could have a negative effect on our financial results. to the extent that our international operations continue to grow, our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow. we enter into foreign exchange hedging agreements with financial institutions to mitigate exposure to some of the foreign currency fluctuations, but these efforts may not be successful. these hedging agreements also do not cover all currencies in which we do business, do not eliminate foreign currency risk entirely for the currencies that they do cover, and involve costs and risks of their own in the form of transaction costs, credit requirements, and counterparty risk.
our business depends on the quality and reputation of our company and our brands, and any deterioration could adversely impact our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. many factors can affect the reputation and value of our company or one or more of our properties or brands, including our ability to protect and use our brands and trademarks; our hotels' adherence to service and other brand standards; our approach to, or incidents involving, matters related to food quality and safety, guest and associate safety, health and cleanliness, managing and reducing our carbon footprint and our use of scarce natural resources, supply chain management, and diversity, human rights, and support for local communities; and our compliance with applicable laws. reputational value is also based on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of us, our brands, and our hotels, and it may be difficult to control or effectively manage negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. while reputations may take decades to build, negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations, proceedings or penalties, or litigation. negative incidents could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, loss of development opportunities, adverse government attention, or associate retention and recruiting difficulties. any material decline in the reputation or perceived quality of our brands or corporate image could affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
actions by our franchisees and licensees or others could adversely affect our image and reputation. we franchise and license many of our brand names and trademarks to third parties for lodging, timeshare, and residential properties, and with respect to our credit card programs. under the terms of their agreements with us, these third parties interact directly with guests and others under our brand and trade names. if these third parties fail to maintain or act in accordance with applicable brand standards; experience operational problems, including any data or privacy incident, or a circumstance involving guest or associate health or safety; or project a brand image inconsistent with ours, then our image and reputation could suffer. although our agreements with these parties provide us with recourse and remedies in the event of a breach, including termination of the agreements under certain circumstances, it could be expensive or time-consuming for us to pursue such remedies and even if we are successful in pursuing such remedies, that may not be sufficient to mitigate reputational harm to us. we also cannot assure you that in every instance a court would ultimately enforce our contractual termination rights or that we could collect any awarded damages from the defaulting party.
collective bargaining activity and strikes could disrupt our operations, increase our labor costs, and interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies. a significant number of associates at our managed, leased, and owned hotels are covered by collective bargaining agreements. if relationships with our organized associates or the unions that represent them become adverse, then the properties we operate could experience labor disruptions such as strikes, lockouts, boycotts, and public demonstrations. numerous collective bargaining agreements are typically subject to negotiation each year, and our ability in the past to resolve such negotiations does not mean that we will be able to resolve future negotiations without strikes, disruptions, or on terms that we consider reasonable. labor disputes and disruptions have in the past, and could in the future, result in adverse publicity or regulatory investigations and adversely affect operations and revenues at affected hotels. in addition, labor disputes and disruptions or increased demands from labor unions could harm our relationship with our associates, result in increased regulatory requirements or inquiries and enforcement by governmental authorities, harm our relationships with our guests and customers, divert management attention, and reduce customer demand for our services, all of which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
in addition, labor regulation and the negotiation of new or existing collective bargaining agreements could lead to higher wage and benefit costs, changes in work rules that raise operating expenses and legal costs, and could impose limitations on our ability or the ability of our third-party property owners to take cost saving measures during economic downturns. we do not have the ability to control the negotiations of collective bargaining agreements covering unionized labor employed by the operators of our franchised properties. increased unionization of our workforce, new labor legislation, or changes in regulations could disrupt our operations, reduce our profitability, or interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies.
our business could suffer if we cannot attract and retain associates or as the result of the loss of the services of our senior executives. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for personnel. we have experienced challenges hiring for certain positions due to various factors, such as increasing wage expectations and competition for labor from other industries, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future to an extent and for durations that we are not able to predict. if we cannot recruit, train, develop, and retain sufficient numbers of associates, we could experience significant negative impacts on our operations, associate morale and turnover, guest satisfaction, or our internal control environment. insufficient numbers of associates could also limit our ability to grow and expand our businesses. labor shortages have resulted and could continue to result in higher wages and initial hiring costs, increasing our labor costs and labor costs at our hotels, which could reduce our revenues and profits. in addition, the efforts and abilities of our senior executives are important elements of maintaining our competitive position and driving future growth, and the loss of the services of one or more of our senior executives could result in challenges executing our business strategies or other adverse effects on our business. the impact of covid-19 on the hospitality industry, and actions that we and others in the hospitality industry have taken and may take in the future with respect to our associates and executives in response to covid-19, have adversely affected and may in the future continue to adversely affect our ability to attract and retain associates and executives.
risks relating to natural or man-made disasters, contagious diseases, violence, or war have reduced the demand for lodging, which has adversely affected our revenues. we have seen a decline in travel and reduced demand for lodging due to so-called "acts of god," such as severe storms, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, volcanic activity, wildfires, and other natural disasters, as well as man-made disasters and the spread of contagious diseases in locations where we own, manage, or franchise properties and areas of the world from which we draw a large number of guests, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future to an extent and for durations that we are not able to predict. actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil or geopolitical strife, and other acts of violence could have a similar effect. as with the effects we have already experienced from the covid-19 pandemic, any one or more of these events may reduce the overall demand for lodging, limit the room rates that can be charged, affect our growth, and/or increase our operating costs, all of which could adversely affect our profits. if a terrorist event or other incident of violence were to involve one or more of our branded properties, demand for our properties in particular could suffer disproportionately, which could further hurt our revenues and profits.
climate change and sustainability related concerns could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. we are subject to the risks associated with the physical effects of climate change (including changes in sea levels, water shortages, droughts, and the natural disasters discussed in the preceding paragraph) and with changes in laws and regulations related to climate change and sustainability. compliance with future climate-related legislation and regulation, and our efforts to achieve science-based emissions reduction targets, could be difficult and costly. consumer travel preferences may also shift due to sustainability related concerns or costs. as a result of the foregoing, we may experience significant increased operating and compliance costs, operating disruptions or limitations, reduced demand, constraints on our growth, and physical damage to our hotels, all of which could adversely affect our profits.
insurance may not cover damage to, or losses involving, properties that we own, manage, or franchise, or other aspects of our business, and the cost of such insurance could increase. we require comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our managed, leased, and owned properties with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary. we also require our franchisees to maintain similar levels of insurance. market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we, our hotel owners, or our franchisees can obtain, or our or their ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, terrorist acts, pandemics, or liabilities that result from incidents involving the security of information systems, may result in high deductibles, low limits, or may be uninsurable, or the cost of obtaining insurance may be unacceptably high. as a result, we, our hotel owners, and our franchisees may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels, or may not be successful in obtaining insurance at all. for example, over the past several years following the severe and widespread damage caused by natural disasters, coupled with continued large global losses, the property, liability and other insurance markets have seen significant cost increases. also, due to the data security incident involving unauthorized access to the starwood reservations database, which we initially reported in november 2018 (the "data security incident"), and the state of the cyber insurance market generally, the costs for our cyber insurance increased with each of our renewals over the last several years, and the cost of such insurance could continue to increase for future policy periods. further, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we, our hotel owners, or our franchisees carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of any lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, our revenues and profits could be adversely affected, and for properties we own or lease, we could lose some or all of the capital that we have invested in the property and we could remain obligated for guarantees, debt, or other financial obligations.
if our brands, goodwill, or other intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record significant non-cash charges to earnings. as of december 31, 2021, we had $18.0 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets. we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. estimated fair values of our brands or reporting units could change if, for example, there are changes in the business climate, unanticipated changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments, changes in guests' perception and the reputation of our brands, or changes in interest rates, operating cash flows, or market capitalization. because of the significance of our goodwill and other intangible assets, any future impairment of these assets could require material non-cash charges to our results of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial condition and results of operations.
development and financing risks our hotel owners and franchisees depend on capital to buy, develop, and improve hotels, and they may be unable to access capital when necessary. current and potential hotel owners and franchisees must periodically spend money to fund new hotel investments, as well as to refurbish and improve existing hotels. the availability of funds for new investments and improvement of existing hotels by our current and potential hotel owners and franchisees depends in large measure on their ability to access the capital markets, over which we have little control. obtaining financing on attractive terms has been, and may in the future be further, constrained by the capital markets for hotel and real estate investments. in addition, owners of existing hotels that we franchise or manage may have difficulty meeting required debt service payments or refinancing loans at maturity.
our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments. our ability to sustain continued growth through management or franchise agreements for new hotels and the conversion of existing facilities to managed or franchised marriott brands is affected, and may potentially be limited, by a variety of factors influencing real estate development generally. these include site availability, financing availability, planning, zoning and other local approvals, and other limitations that may be imposed by market and submarket factors, such as projected room occupancy and rate, changes in growth in demand compared to projected supply, territorial restrictions in our management and franchise agreements, costs of construction, demand for and availability of construction resources, and other disruptive conditions in global, regional, or local markets.
our renovation activities expose us to project cost, completion, and resale risks. we occasionally acquire and renovate hotel properties, both directly and through partnerships and other business structures with third parties. this presents a number of risks, including that: (1) weakness in the capital markets may limit our ability, or that of third parties with whom we partner, to raise capital for completion of projects; (2) properties that we renovate could become less attractive due to decreases in demand for hotel properties, market absorption or oversupply, with the result that we may not be able to sell such properties for a profit or at the prices or time we anticipate, or we may be required to record additional impairment charges; and (3) construction delays or cost overruns, including those due to general market conditions, shortages or increased costs of skilled labor and/or materials, lender financial defaults, or so-called "acts of god" such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, or fires may increase project costs. we could face similar risks to the extent we undertake development activities again in the future.
our owned properties and other real estate investments subject us to numerous risks. we have a number of owned and leased properties, which are subject to the risks that generally relate to investments in real property. we may seek to sell some of these properties over time; however, equity real estate investments can be difficult to sell quickly and covid-19 has disrupted the transaction markets for some hospitality assets. we may not be able to complete asset sales at prices we find acceptable, or at all. moreover, the investment returns available from equity investments in real estate depend in large part on the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated, if any, by the related properties, and the expenses incurred. a variety of other factors also affect income from properties and real estate values, including local market conditions and new supply of hotels, availability and costs of staffing, governmental regulations, insurance, zoning, tax and eminent domain laws, interest rate levels, and the availability of financing. our real estate properties have been, and could in the future be, impacted by any of these factors, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. if our properties continue to not generate revenue sufficient to meet operating expenses, including needed capital expenditures, our income could be further adversely affected, and we could be required to record additional significant non-cash impairment charges to our results of operations.
risks associated with development and sale of residential properties associated with our lodging properties or brands may reduce our profits. we participate, through licensing agreements, in the development and sale of residential properties associated with our brands, including residences and condominiums under many of our luxury and premium brand names and trademarks. such projects pose further risks beyond those generally associated with our lodging business, which may reduce our profits or compromise our brand equity, including risks that: (1) changes in residential real estate demand generally may reduce our profits and could make it more difficult to convince future project developers of the value added by our brands; (2) increases in interest rates, reductions in mortgage availability or the tax benefits of mortgage financing or residential ownership generally, or increases in the costs of residential ownership could prevent potential customers from buying residential products or reduce the prices they are willing to pay; and (3) residential construction may be subject to warranty and liability claims or claims related to purchaser deposits, and the costs of resolving such claims may be significant.
more hotel projects in our development pipeline may be cancelled or delayed in opening, which could adversely affect our growth prospects. we report a significant number of hotels in our development pipeline, including hotels under construction, hotels subject to signed contracts, and hotels approved for development but not yet under contract. the eventual opening of such pipeline hotels and, in particular, the approved hotels that are not yet under contract, is subject to numerous risks, including the risks described above in the risk factors entitled "our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments" and "covid-19 has had a material detrimental impact on our business and financial results, and such impact could continue and may worsen for an unknown period of time." we have seen construction timelines for pipeline hotels lengthen due to various factors, including competition for skilled construction labor, challenges related to financing, disruption in the supply chain for materials, and the impact of covid-19 generally, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future. accordingly, we cannot assure you that all of our development pipeline will result in new hotels entering our system, or that those hotels will open when we anticipate.
losses on loans or loan guarantees that we have made to third parties impact our profits. at times, we make loans for hotel development, acquisition or renovation expenditures when we enter into or amend management or franchise agreements. from time to time we also provide third-party lenders with financial guarantees for the timely repayment of all or a portion of debt related to hotels that we manage or franchise, generally subject to an obligation that the owner reimburse us for any fundings. we have suffered losses, and could suffer losses in the future, when hotel owners or franchisees default on loans that we provide or fail to reimburse us for loan guarantees that we have funded.
if owners of hotels that we manage or franchise cannot repay or refinance mortgage loans secured by their properties, our revenues and profits could decrease and our business could be harmed. the owners of many of our managed or franchised properties have pledged their hotels as collateral for mortgage loans that they entered into when those properties were purchased or refinanced. if those owners cannot repay or refinance maturing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, the lenders could declare a default, accelerate the related debt, and foreclose on the property, or the owners could declare bankruptcy, as we have seen in the past and could see in the future. such foreclosures or bankruptcies have in the past and could in the future, in some cases, result in the termination of our management or franchise agreements and eliminate our anticipated income and cash flows, which could have a significant negative effect on our results of operations.
changes affecting the availability of the london interbank offered rate ("libor") may have consequences that we cannot yet fully predict. we are a party to various agreements, such as our multicurrency revolving credit agreement (as amended, the "credit facility"), and other instruments where obligations by or to us are calculated based on or otherwise dependent on libor, many of which have not yet replaced libor with an alternative benchmark rate. effective january 1, 2022, the one week and two month usd libor tenors and all tenors for eur, chf, jpy and gbp libor are no longer being published, and all other usd libor tenors will cease to be published after june 30, 2023. at this time, it is difficult for us to predict the full effect of any changes from libor to an alternative benchmark rate upon or prior to the final libor cessation date, the phase out of libor generally, or the establishment and use of particular alternative benchmark rates to replace libor. there continues to be uncertainty about how we, the financial markets, applicable law, and the courts will address the replacement of libor with alternative benchmark rates for contracts that do not include fallback provisions to provide for such alternative benchmark rates. in addition, any changes from libor to an alternative benchmark rate may have an uncertain impact on our cost of funds, our receipts or payments under agreements that reference libor, and the valuation of derivative or other contracts to which we are a party, any of which could impact our results of operations and cash flows.
technology, information protection, and privacy risks any disruption in the functioning of our reservation systems could adversely affect our performance and results. we manage global reservation systems or use third-party service providers' reservation systems that communicate reservations to our properties from individuals who book reservations directly with us online, through our mobile apps, through our telephone call centers, or through intermediaries like travel agents, internet travel websites, and other distribution channels. the cost, speed, accuracy, and efficiency of our reservation systems are critical aspects of our business and are important considerations for hotel owners when choosing our brands. our business may suffer if we fail to maintain, upgrade, or prevent disruption to our reservation systems. disruptions in or changes to our reservation systems could result in a disruption to our business and the loss of important data.
a failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position. the lodging industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, revenue management, property management, human resources and payroll systems, our loyalty program, and technologies we make available to our guests and for our associates. these technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis, and our business could suffer if we cannot do that as quickly or effectively as our competitors or within budgeted costs and time frames. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or lower guest satisfaction or could impair our operating results.
we are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of company, associate, and guest data. in the operation of our business, we collect, store, use, and transmit large volumes of data regarding associates, guests, customers, owners, licensees, franchisees, and our own business operations, including credit card numbers, reservation and loyalty data, and other personal information, in various information systems that we maintain and in systems maintained by third parties, including our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers. the integrity and protection of this data is critical to our business. our guests and associates also have a high expectation that we, as well as our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers, will adequately protect and appropriately use their personal information. the information, security, and privacy requirements imposed by global laws and governmental regulation, our contractual obligations, and the requirements of the payment card industry continue to become increasingly stringent in many jurisdictions in which we operate. our systems and the systems maintained or used by our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers may not be able to satisfy these changing legal and regulatory requirements and associate and guest expectations, or may require significant additional investments or time to do so. we have incurred and may in the future incur significant additional costs to meet these requirements, obligations, and expectations, and in the event of alleged or actual noncompliance, we may experience increased operating costs, increased exposure to fines and litigation, and increased risk of damage to our reputation and brand.
the data security incident, and other information security incidents, could have numerous adverse effects on our business. as a result of the data security incident, numerous lawsuits were filed against us, as described further in note 7. we may be named as a party in additional lawsuits and other claims may be asserted by or on behalf of guests, customers, hotel owners, stockholders, or others seeking monetary damages or other relief related to the data security incident. a number of federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities have also made inquiries, opened investigations, or requested information and/or documents related to the data security incident, including under various data protection and privacy regulations. responding to and resolving these lawsuits, claims, and/or investigations has resulted in fines and other expenses, such as the £18.4 million fine imposed by the information commissioner's office in the united kingdom (the "ico") in connection with the ico's final decision issued in october 2020, and could result in material additional fines or remedial or other expenses. other governmental authorities investigating or seeking information about the data security incident may impose undertakings, injunctive relief, consent decrees, or other civil or criminal penalties, which could, among other things, materially increase our costs or otherwise require us to alter how we operate our business. significant management time and company resources have been, and will continue to be, devoted to the data security incident. future publicity or developments related to the data security incident, including as a result of subsequent reports or regulatory actions or developments, could have a range of other adverse effects on our business or prospects, including causing or contributing to loss of consumer confidence, reduced consumer demand, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, and associate retention and recruiting difficulties. insurance coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including the final fine imposed by the ico and any other fines or penalties) related to the data security incident, and certain expenses by their nature (such as, for example, expenses related to enhancing our cybersecurity program) are not covered by our insurance program. in addition, following our march 31, 2020 announcement of an incident involving information for approximately 5.5 million guests that we believe may have been improperly accessed through an application using the login credentials of two franchise employees at a franchise property (the "unauthorized application access incident"), various governmental authorities opened investigations or requested information about the incident, and two lawsuits were filed against us related to the incident which have since been dismissed or otherwise resolved. the unauthorized application access incident or publicity related to it could negatively affect our business or reputation.
additional cybersecurity incidents could have adverse effects on our business. we have implemented enhanced security measures to safeguard our systems and data, and we intend to continue implementing additional measures in the future, but, as we have seen in the past, our measures may not be sufficient to maintain the confidentiality, security, or availability of the data we collect, store, and use to operate our business. measures taken by our service providers or our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners or their service providers also, as we have seen in the past, may not be sufficient. efforts to hack or circumvent security measures, efforts to gain unauthorized access to, exploit or disrupt the operation or integrity of our data or systems, failures of systems or software to operate as designed or intended, viruses, "ransomware" or other malware, "supply chain" attacks, "phishing" or other types of business communications compromises, operator error, or inadvertent releases of data have impacted, and may in the future impact, our information systems and records or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers. our reliance on computer, internet-based, and mobile systems and communications, and the frequency and sophistication of efforts by third parties to gain unauthorized access or prevent authorized access to such systems, have greatly increased in recent years. our increased reliance on cloud-based services and on remote access to information systems in response to covid-19 increases the company's exposure to potential cybersecurity incidents. we have experienced cyberattacks, attempts to disrupt access to our systems and data, and attempts to affect the operation or integrity of our data or systems, and the frequency and sophistication of such efforts could continue to increase. any additional significant theft of, unauthorized access to, compromise or loss of, loss of access to, or fraudulent use of guest, associate, owner, franchisee, licensee, or company data could adversely impact our reputation and could result in legal, regulatory and other consequences, including remedial and other expenses, fines, or litigation. depending on the nature and scope of the event, future compromises in the security of our information systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers or other future disruptions or compromises of data or systems could lead to future interruptions in or other adverse effects on the operation of our systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers, resulting in operational inefficiencies and a loss of profits, and could result in negative publicity and other adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, loss of consumer confidence, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, litigation, or associate satisfaction, retention and recruiting difficulties, all of which could materially affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
because we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, additional incidents or the failure to detect and appropriately respond to additional incidents could magnify the severity of the adverse effects on our business. the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage information systems change frequently, can be difficult to detect for long periods of time, and can involve difficult or prolonged assessment or remediation periods even once detected, which could also magnify the severity of these adverse effects. we cannot assure you that all potential causes of past significant incidents have been identified and remediated; additional measures may be needed to prevent significant incidents in the future. the steps we take may not be sufficient to prevent future significant incidents and as a result, such incidents may occur again. although we carry cyber insurance that is designed to protect us against certain losses related to cyber risks, that insurance coverage may not be sufficient or available to cover all expenses or other losses (including fines) or all types of claims that may arise in connection with cyberattacks, security compromises, and other related incidents. furthermore, in the future such insurance may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
changes in privacy and data security laws could increase our operating costs and increase our exposure to fines and litigation. we are subject to numerous, complex, and frequently changing laws, regulations, and contractual obligations designed to protect personal information. non-u.s. data privacy and data security laws, various u.s. federal and state laws, payment card industry security standards, and other information privacy and security standards are all applicable to us. significant legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes have been and could be issued in the future. compliance with changes in applicable data security and privacy laws and regulations and contractual obligations, including responding to investigations into our compliance, has increased and may in the future increase our operating costs, and may restrict our business operations, increase our exposure to fines and litigation in the event of alleged noncompliance, and adversely affect our reputation. following the data security incident, certain regulators also opened investigations into our privacy and security policies and practices. as a result of these investigations, we could be exposed to significant fines and remediation costs in addition to those imposed as a result of the data security incident, and adverse publicity related to the investigations could adversely affect our reputation.
changes in laws could adversely affect our ability to market our products effectively. we rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including email marketing, online advertising, and postal mailings. any further restrictions in laws such as the proposed eprivacy regulation (eu) and the proposed bill c-11 for the digital charter implementation act 2020 (canada), various u.s. state laws, or new federal or state laws on marketing and solicitation or international privacy, e-privacy, and anti-spam laws that govern these activities could adversely affect the continuing effectiveness of email, online advertising, and postal mailing techniques and could force further changes in our marketing strategy. if this occurs, we may not be able to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could impact the amount and timing of our sales of certain products. we also obtain access to potential guests and customers from travel service providers or other companies with whom we have substantial relationships, and we market to some individuals on these lists directly or by including our marketing message in the other companies' marketing materials. if access to these lists were to be prohibited or otherwise restricted, our ability to develop new guests and customers and introduce them to our products could be impaired.
governance risk delaware law and our governing corporate documents contain, and our board of directors could implement, anti-takeover provisions that could deter takeover attempts. under the delaware business combination statute, a stockholder holding 15 percent or more of our outstanding voting stock could not acquire us without board of directors' consent for at least three years after the date the stockholder first held 15 percent or more of the voting stock. our governing corporate documents also, among other things, require supermajority votes for mergers and similar transactions. in addition, our board of directors could, without stockholder approval, implement other anti-takeover defenses, such as a stockholder rights plan.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for year-end 2020 compared to year-end 2019 can be found in part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," of our annual report on form 10-k/a for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, as filed with the sec on april 2, 2021 ("2020 form 10-k").
business and overview overview we are a worldwide operator, franchisor, and licensor of hotel, residential, and timeshare properties in 139 countries and territories under 30 brand names. under our asset-light business model, we typically manage or franchise hotels, rather than own them. we discuss our operations in the following reportable business segments: u.s. & canada and international.
we earn base management fees and, under many agreements, incentive management fees from the properties that we manage, and we earn franchise fees on the properties that others operate under franchise agreements with us. in most markets, base management and franchise fees typically consist of a percentage of property-level revenue, or certain property-level revenue in the case of franchise fees, while incentive management fees typically consist of a percentage of net house profit after a specified owner return. for our hotels in the middle east and africa, asia pacific excluding china, and greater china regions, incentive management fees typically consist of a percentage of gross operating profit without adjustment for a specified owner return. net house profit is calculated as gross operating profit (also referred to as "house profit") less non-controllable expenses such as property insurance, real estate taxes, and furniture, fixtures, and equipment (ff&e) reserves. additionally, we earn franchise fees for use of our intellectual property, including fees from our co-brand credit card, timeshare, and residential programs.
on september 23, 2016, we completed the acquisition of starwood hotels & resorts worldwide, llc, formerly known as starwood hotels & resorts worldwide, inc. ("starwood"), through a series of transactions, after which starwood became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the company. we refer to the starwood business and brands that we acquired as "legacy-starwood."
performance measures we believe revenue per available room ("revpar"), which we calculate by dividing room sales for comparable properties by room nights available for the period, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. revpar may not be comparable to similarly titled measures, such as revenues, and should not be viewed as necessarily correlating with our fee revenue. we also believe occupancy and average daily rate ("adr"), which are components of calculating revpar, are meaningful indicators of our performance. occupancy, which we calculate by dividing occupied rooms by total rooms available (including rooms in hotels temporarily closed due to issues related to covid-19), measures the utilization of a property's available capacity. adr, which we calculate by dividing property room revenue by total rooms sold, measures average room price and is useful in assessing pricing levels. comparisons to prior periods are on a constant u.s. dollar basis. we calculate constant dollar statistics by applying exchange rates for the current period to the prior comparable period.
we define our comparable properties as our properties that were open and operating under one of our brands since the beginning of the last full calendar year (since january 1, 2020 for the current period) and have not, in either the current or previous year: (1) undergone significant room or public space renovations or expansions, (2) been converted between company-operated and franchised, or (3) sustained substantial property damage or business interruption, with the exception of properties closed or otherwise experiencing interruptions related to covid-19, which we continue to classify as comparable. for 2021 compared to 2020, we had 4,906 comparable u.s. & canada properties and 1,510 comparable international properties. the revpar, adr, and occupancy comparisons between 2021 and 2019, which we discuss under the "impact of covid-19" caption below, reflect properties that are defined as comparable as of december 31, 2021, even if in 2019 they were not open and operating for the full year or did not meet all the other criteria listed above.
impact of covid-19
covid-19 continues to have a material impact on our business and industry. however, the recovery of both global demand and adr continued in 2021, led primarily by robust leisure demand, which we expect to continue in 2022, and travelers who continue to embrace multi-purpose trips, mixing remote work and vacation time. the spread of covid-19 variants, such as delta and omicron, constrained the pace of the recovery in the latter half of 2021 and continues to constrain the pace of recovery in the beginning of 2022. business transient and group demand continued to slowly improve in 2021 when compared to 2020, though this demand still remains meaningfully below pre-pandemic 2019 levels. although we have seen delays in the recovery of business transient and group demand as a result of the emergence of covid-19 variants, we expect this demand to gradually strengthen from current levels as more workers return to the office and travel again. we have been encouraged by the swift improvement in adr, which in the 2021 second half returned to pre-pandemic 2019 levels in certain u.s. and international markets and are optimistic about sustaining strong adr in 2022. however, we believe covid-19 will continue to have a material negative impact on our future results for a period of time that we are currently unable to predict.
comparable systemwide constant dollar revpar in 2021 compared to 2020 improved 67.7 percent in our u.s. & canada segment, 40.6 percent in our international segment, and 60.4 percent worldwide. comparable systemwide constant dollar revpar in 2021 compared to pre-pandemic 2019 levels declined 32.5 percent in our u.s. & canada segment, 46.6 percent in our international segment, and 36.5 percent worldwide, with improvement in the decline each succeeding quarter during 2021 for each of our segments and worldwide. worldwide comparable systemwide occupancy and constant dollar adr were down only 11.9 percentage points and 2.3 percent, respectively, in the 2021 fourth quarter compared to the 2019 fourth quarter, leading to revpar 19.0 percent below pre-pandemic 2019 levels.
in the u.s. & canada, demand continued to recover in 2021, driven by strong leisure demand particularly at our luxury and resort hotels and in tertiary markets. occupancy peaked in the 2021 third quarter before decreasing slightly in the 2021 fourth quarter primarily due to seasonality. urban destinations, where we have a large presence in the u.s. & canada, experienced meaningful improvement in demand in 2021, though they continue to lag the recovery. in other parts of the world, revpar continues to vary greatly by geographic market, and demand is heavily impacted by the number of covid-19 cases, vaccination rates, and the nature and degree of government restrictions. in the 2021 fourth quarter, the decline of comparable systemwide constant dollar revpar when compared to pre-pandemic 2019 levels improved compared to the decline seen in the 2021 third quarter in all our international regions except for greater china, which remained flat as a result of strict government restrictions in response to covid-19 outbreaks in several regions.
we continue to take measures to mitigate the negative financial and operational impacts of covid-19 for our hotel owners and our own business. at the corporate level, we remain focused on managing our corporate general and administrative costs and are being disciplined with respect to our capital expenditures and other investment spending. share repurchases and cash dividends remain suspended until our leverage ratios further improve, although assuming there is no meaningful setback in the global recovery from covid-19, we could restart some level of capital returns in the second half of 2022 and more meaningful levels of capital returns in 2023 and beyond. in 2021, we substantially completed restructuring plans to achieve cost savings specific to our company-operated properties. in addition, we continue to work with owners and franchisees by adjusting renovation requirements for certain properties, deferring certain hotel initiatives, and supporting owners and franchisees who are working with their lenders to utilize ff&e reserves to meet working capital needs.
we continue to evaluate the availability of stimulus tax credits under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act, the taxpayer certainty and disaster tax relief act of 2020 enacted as part of the consolidated appropriations act, 2021, the american rescue plan act of 2021 ("arpa"), and other legislation. as of february 1, 2022, we have received employee retention tax credit ("ertc") refunds from the u.s. treasury totaling $170 million, including $119 million in 2020 and $51 million in 2021, of which we passed through $94 million and $48 million, respectively, to the related hotels that we manage on behalf of owners. we have received from the u.s. treasury substantially all expected ertc refunds based on applications that we have submitted as of february 1, 2022. additionally, as of december 31, 2021, we have received or expect to receive, through medicare tax offsets and payments from the u.s. treasury pursuant to arpa, a total of $35 million as reimbursement for the cost of health coverage continuation provided to eligible former associates and furloughed or part-time associates (and their eligible enrolled dependents) in accordance with requirements under the consolidated omnibus budget reconciliation act of 1985 for the period of april 1, 2021 to september 30, 2021. finally, in 2021, we received subsidies totaling $28 million from german government covid-19 assistance programs for certain of our leased hotels and equity method investments in germany.
the impact of covid-19 on the company remains fluid, as does our corporate and property-level response. we expect to continue to assess the situation and may implement additional measures to adapt our operations and plans to address the implications of covid-19 on our business. the overall operational and financial impact is highly dependent on the breadth and duration of covid-19 and could be affected by other factors we are not currently able to predict.
starwood data security incident on november 30, 2018, we announced a data security incident involving unauthorized access to the starwood reservations database (the "data security incident"). the starwood reservations database is no longer used for business operations.
we are currently unable to estimate the range of total possible financial impact to the company from the data security incident in excess of the expenses already incurred. however, we do not believe this incident will impact our long-term financial health. although our insurance program includes coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident, that insurance may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including fines and penalties) related to the data security incident. in addition, certain expenses by their nature (such as, for example, expenses related to enhancing our cybersecurity program) are not covered by our insurance program. we expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations (including possible additional fines and penalties), increased expenses and capital investments for information technology and information security and data privacy, and increased expenses for compliance activities and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. see note 7 for additional information related to expenses incurred in 2021, insurance recoveries, and legal proceedings and governmental investigations related to the data security incident.
system growth and pipeline in 2021, our system grew from 7,642 properties (1,423,044 rooms) at year-end 2020 to 7,989 properties (1,479,179 rooms) at year-end 2021, reflecting gross additions of 517 properties (86,372 rooms) and deletions of 171 properties (30,236 rooms), including 88 properties from a primarily select-service portfolio which left our system in the 2021 first quarter. approximately 50 percent of our 2021 gross room additions are located outside u.s. & canada, and 21 percent were conversions from competitor brands.
at year-end 2021, we had roughly 485,000 rooms in our development pipeline, which includes more than 202,000 hotel rooms under construction and approximately 19,000 hotel rooms approved for development but not yet under signed contracts. over half of the rooms in our development pipeline are outside u.s. & canada. in 2021, we signed management and franchise agreements for 599 properties, representing approximately 92,000 rooms, of which more than half of the rooms are located outside u.s. & canada. contracts signed in 2021 reflected the company's strength in the luxury tier, with 40 properties signed (resulting in a total of nearly 50,000 luxury rooms in our development pipeline at year-end 2021), as well as strong momentum in all-inclusive resort signings, with 22 properties signed in 2021. in addition, in 2021, longer stay brands, which include element hotels, residence inn, and towneplace suites, accounted for 37 percent of the company's rooms signings in u.s. & canada. conversions accounted for 27 percent of rooms signings in 2021.
in 2022, we expect total gross rooms growth to approach 5.0 percent and net rooms growth of 3.5 to 4.0 percent.
properties and rooms at year-end 2021, we operated, franchised, and licensed the following properties and rooms:
managed                                                                         franchised/licensed                                           owned/leased   residential                               total properties                 rooms                         properties                           rooms                 properties               rooms                                        properties   rooms                       properties             rooms u.s. &amp; canada       638                        218,798                      4,983                          713,781                        26                     6,483                                          65         6,925                      5,712             945,987
international           1,305                      334,374                        805                          163,955                        38                     9,209                                          37         2,953                      2,185             510,491
timeshare               -                          -                               92                           22,701                         -                     -                                               -         -             92                              22,701
total                   1,943                      553,172                      5,880                          900,437                        64                     15,692                                        102         9,878                      7,989           1,479,179
lodging statistics the following tables present revpar, occupancy, and adr statistics for comparable properties for 2021 and 2021 compared to 2020. systemwide statistics include data from our franchised properties, in addition to our company-operated properties.
revpar                                              occupancy                                        average daily rate
2021                                                                     vs. 2020               2021                vs. 2020               2021                                           vs. 2020
comparable company-operated properties u.s. &amp; canada                               $95.79                  85.1    %           47.1   %               19.9    %        pts.              $203.44                             6.8    %
greater china                                   $67.01                  28.5    %           55.5   %                9.7    %        pts.              $120.67                             6.0    %
asia pacific excluding china                    $40.45                   0.7    %           36.4   %                5.5    %        pts.              $111.05                          (14.5)    %
caribbean &amp; latin america                   $78.07                  63.3    %           43.6   %               15.6    %        pts.              $179.04                             4.8    %
europe                                          $64.63                  81.5    %           33.4   %               12.8    %        pts.              $193.55                            11.8    %
middle east &amp; africa                        $84.18                  59.6    %           51.5   %               15.7    %        pts.              $163.51                            10.8    %
international - all (1)                         $63.17                  39.1    %           44.5   %               10.7    %        pts.              $142.01                             5.8    %
worldwide (2)                                   $78.01                  61.5    %           45.7   %               14.9    %        pts.              $170.83                             8.9    %
comparable systemwide properties u.s. &amp; canada                               $81.55                  67.7    %           55.2   %               18.4    %        pts.              $147.84                            11.7    %
greater china                                   $64.06                  26.9    %           54.2   %                9.0    %        pts.              $118.09                             5.8    %
asia pacific excluding china                    $43.23                   2.2    %           37.8   %                6.1    %        pts.              $114.50                          (14.3)    %
caribbean &amp; latin america                   $63.98                  74.3    %           41.8   %               16.6    %        pts.              $152.94                             5.0    %
europe                                          $56.23                  71.3    %           32.6   %               11.5    %        pts.              $172.71                            10.7    %
middle east &amp; africa                        $77.69                  60.3    %           50.6   %               15.5    %        pts.              $153.52                            11.2    %
international - all (1)                         $58.75                  40.6    %           42.4   %               10.8    %        pts.              $138.71                             4.8    %
worldwide (2)                                   $74.66                  60.4    %           51.3   %               16.1    %        pts.              $145.56                            10.0    %
(1)includes greater china, asia pacific excluding china, caribbean & latin america, europe, and middle east & africa.
(2)includes u.s. & canada and international - all.
consolidated results our results in 2021 continued to be impacted by covid-19. see the "impact of covid-19" section above for more information about the impact to our business during 2021, and the discussion below for additional analysis of our consolidated results of operations for 2021 compared to 2020.
fee revenues
($ in millions)                                 2021                    2020                                    change 2021 vs. 2020
base management fees                        $669                     $443                    $226                            51    %
franchise fees                             1,790                    1,153                     637                            55    %
incentive management fees                    235                       87                     148                           170    %
gross fee revenues                         2,694                    1,683                   1,011                            60    %
contract investment amortization            (75)                    (132)                      57                            43    %
net fee revenues                          $2,619                   $1,551                  $1,068                            69    %
the increase in base management fees primarily reflected higher revpar due to the ongoing recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19.
the increase in franchise fees primarily reflected higher revpar due to the ongoing recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19, higher co-brand credit card fees ($102 million), unit growth ($89 million), and higher residential branding fees ($39 million).
the increase in incentive management fees primarily reflected higher profits at certain managed hotels due to the ongoing recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19. in 2021, we earned incentive management fees from 47 percent of our managed properties worldwide, compared to 37 percent in 2020. we earned incentive management fees from 13 percent of our u.s. & canada managed properties and 63 percent of our international managed properties in 2021, compared to 3 percent in u.s. & canada and 56 percent in international in 2020. in addition, 71 percent of our total incentive management fees in 2021 came from our international managed properties versus 92 percent in 2020.
contract investment amortization changed primarily due to lower impairments of investments in management and franchise contracts.
owned, leased, and other
($ in millions)                                           2021                    2020                                  change 2021 vs. 2020
owned, leased, and other revenue                      $796                     $568                  $228                            40   %
owned, leased, and other - direct expenses             734                      677      57                                           8   %
owned, leased, and other, net                          $62                   $(109)                  $171                                nm*
* percentage change is not meaningful.
owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses increased primarily due to net stronger results at our owned and leased properties driven by the ongoing recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19, higher termination fees of $20 million, and $18 million of subsidies under german government covid-19 assistance programs for certain of our leased hotels.
cost reimbursements
($ in millions)                           2021   2020                                            change 2021 vs. 2020
cost reimbursement revenue         $10,442                   $8,452         $1,990                            24   %
reimbursed expenses                 10,322                    8,435          1,887                            22   %
cost reimbursements, net              $120                      $17           $103                                nm*
* percentage change is not meaningful.
cost reimbursements, net (cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses) varies due to timing differences between the costs we incur for centralized programs and services and the related reimbursements we receive from hotel owners and franchisees. over the long term, our centralized programs and services are not designed to impact our economics, either positively or negatively. see note 2 for more information about the accounting for cost reimbursements, including our loyalty program.
the increase in cost reimbursements, net primarily reflects higher revenues, net of expenses, for our centralized programs and services. this increase is partially offset by higher expenses for our loyalty program.
other operating expenses
($ in millions)                                        2021                  2020            change 2021 vs. 2020
depreciation, amortization, and other              $220                   $346               $(126)                             (36)    %
general, administrative, and other                  823                    762      61                        8                         %
restructuring and merger-related charges              8                    267               (259)                              (97)    %
depreciation, amortization, and other expenses decreased primarily due to lower impairment charges. see note 8 for more information about the operating lease impairment charges.
general, administrative, and other expenses increased primarily due to higher compensation costs compared to our 2020 cost reduction measures, which included reducing compensation, implementing reduced work weeks for many of our corporate associates, and furloughing a substantial number of associates, as well as higher legal expenses ($34 million). the increase was partially offset by a lower provision for credit losses ($76 million) and a favorable litigation settlement ($18 million).
restructuring and merger-related charges decreased primarily due to the prior year increase to the put option liability discussed in note 7 ($243 million) and 2020 restructuring charges ($56 million), partially offset by the 2020 partial reversal of the liability related to the ico fine, which was reduced to £18.4 million in october 2020 ($39 million).
non-operating income (expense)
($ in millions)                               2021                  2020                                  change 2021 vs. 2020
gains and other income, net                $10                     $9                    $1                            11    %
loss on extinguishment of debt           (164)                      -                 (164)                                nm*
interest expense                         (420)                  (445)                    25                             6    %
interest income                             28                     27                     1                             4    %
equity in losses                          (24)                  (141)                   117                            83    %
* percentage change is not meaningful.
in the 2021 third quarter, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt due to the tender offer discussed in note 9.
interest expense changed, primarily due to lower credit facility and commercial paper average borrowings and interest rates, partially offset by higher interest on senior note issuances, net of maturities.
equity in losses changed, primarily due to 2020 impairment losses ($77 million) and the ongoing recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19.
income taxes
($ in millions)                              2021          2020                  change 2021 vs. 2020
(provision) benefit for income taxes         $(81)                     $199      $(280)                          (141)     %
our tax provision in 2021, compared to our tax benefit in 2020, primarily reflected the increase in operating income ($256 million), lower tax benefit from impairment charges ($64 million) and the prior year tax benefit from the sheraton grand chicago put option reserve ($61 million). the change was partially offset by the current year release of tax reserves due to favorable audit resolutions during 2021 ($43 million) and a current year tax benefit from the loss on extinguishment of debt ($42 million).
business segments our segment results in 2021 continued to be impacted by covid-19. see the "impact of covid-19" section above for more information about the impact to our business during 2021 and the discussion below for additional analysis of the operating results of our reportable business segments.
($ in millions)                        2021                    2020                                    change 2021 vs. 2020
u.s. &amp; canada segment revenues                $10,356                   $7,905                  $2,451                            31    %
segment profit                    1,394                      198                   1,196                           604    %
international segment revenues                  2,254                    1,597                     657                            41    %
segment profit (loss)               258                    (222)                     480                           216    %
properties                                                                                                     rooms december 31, 2021                december 31, 2020                                     vs. december 31, 2020   december 31, 2021                december 31, 2020                vs. december 31, 2020
u.s. &amp; canada       5,712                            5,534                                178                             3   %    945,987                          924,090                          21,897           2                        %
international           2,185                            2,017                                168                             8   %    510,491                          476,199                          34,292           7                        %
u.s. & canada u.s. & canada segment profit increased primarily due to the following:
•$666 million of higher gross fee revenues, primarily reflecting higher comparable systemwide revpar driven by increases in both occupancy and adr as well as higher profits at certain managed hotels due to the ongoing recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19, unit growth, and higher residential branding fees, partially offset by lower fees from properties that were terminated;
•$131 million of higher cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses;
•$117 million of lower depreciation, amortization, and other expenses, primarily reflecting lower operating lease impairment charges;
•$84 million of lower equity in losses, primarily reflecting prior year impairment charges ($60 million) and lower losses recorded by investees due to the ongoing recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19;
•$62 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, primarily reflecting net stronger results at owned and leased properties due to the ongoing recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19;
•$55 million of lower general, administrative, and other expenses, primarily reflecting lower provision for credit losses ($34 million) and a favorable litigation settlement ($18 million);
•$53 million of lower contract investment amortization costs, primarily reflecting lower contract impairment charges; and
•$28 million of lower restructuring and merger-related charges.
international international 2021 segment profit, compared to the 2020 segment loss, primarily reflected:
•$230 million of higher gross fee revenues, primarily reflecting higher comparable systemwide revpar driven by increases in both occupancy and adr as well as higher profits at certain managed hotels due to the ongoing recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19, unit growth, and higher residential branding fees;
•$108 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, primarily reflecting net stronger results at owned and leased properties due to the ongoing recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19, subsidies under german government covid-19 assistance programs for certain of our leased hotels, and higher termination fees;
•$69 million of higher cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses;
•$27 million of lower general, administrative, and other expenses primarily reflecting lower provision for credit losses; and
•$18 million of lower equity in losses primarily due to the ongoing recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of covid-19.
stock-based compensation see note 5 for more information.
new accounting standards we do not expect that accounting standard updates issued to date and that are effective after december 31, 2021 will have a material effect on our financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources our long-term financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. at year-end 2021, our long-term debt had a weighted average interest rate of 3.4 percent and a weighted average maturity of approximately 6.5 years. including the effect of interest rate swaps, the ratio of our fixed-rate long-term debt to our total long-term debt was 0.8 to 1.0 at year-end 2021.
in response to the negative impact covid-19 had on our cash from operations in 2021 and 2020, which we expect to continue to be negatively impacted, we remain focused on preserving our financial flexibility and managing our debt maturities. we also remain focused on managing our corporate general and administrative costs and our capital expenditures and other investment spending. share repurchases and dividends remain suspended until our leverage ratios further improve, although assuming there is no meaningful setback in the global recovery from covid-19, we could restart some level of capital returns in the second half of 2022 and more meaningful levels of capital returns in 2023 and beyond. in 2021, we issued $1.8 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, redeemed all $400 million aggregate principal amount of our series n notes, and repurchased and retired $1 billion aggregate principal amount of our series ee notes maturing in 2025, which we discuss further under the "sources of liquidity - senior notes issuances, redemptions, and repurchases" section below and in note 9.
we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to fund our liquidity needs. we currently believe the credit facility, our cash on hand, and our access to capital markets remain adequate to meet our liquidity requirements.
sources of liquidity our credit facility our credit facility provides for up to $4.5 billion of aggregate borrowings for general corporate needs, including working capital, capital expenditures, letters of credit, acquisitions, and to support our commercial paper program if and when we resume issuing commercial paper. borrowings under the credit facility generally bear interest at libor (the london interbank offered rate) plus a spread, based on our public debt rating. we also pay quarterly fees on the credit facility at a rate based on our public debt rating. we classify outstanding borrowings under the credit facility and outstanding commercial paper borrowings (if any) as long-term based on our ability and intent to refinance the outstanding borrowings on a long-term basis. the credit facility expires on june 28, 2024. as of december 31, 2021, we had total outstanding borrowings under the credit facility of $1.1 billion and remaining borrowing capacity of $3.4 billion.
we entered into amendments to the credit facility in april 2020 and january 2021 (the "credit facility amendments"), as described in our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, as amended. the debt leverage covenant in the credit facility, which is tested each quarter and was waived pursuant to the credit facility amendments through and including the fourth quarter of 2021, resumes beginning with the quarter ending march 31, 2022. the credit facility amendments adjusted the required leverage levels for this covenant when it is re-imposed (starting at 5.50 to 1.00 for the test period ending on march 31, 2022 and gradually stepping down to 4.00 to 1.00 over the succeeding five fiscal quarters, as further described in the credit facility). the credit facility amendments also amended certain other terms of the credit facility, including reducing the rate floor for the libor daily floating rate and the eurocurrency rate.
our outstanding public debt does not contain a corresponding financial covenant or a requirement that we maintain certain financial ratios. we currently satisfy the covenants in our credit facility.
senior notes issuances, redemptions, and repurchases in january 2022, we made a $404 million cash payment of principal and interest to retire, at maturity, all of our outstanding series q notes.
in september 2021, we completed a tender offer (the "tender offer") and purchased and retired $1 billion aggregate principal amount of our 5.750 percent series ee notes maturing may 1, 2025. we used the net proceeds from our series ii notes offering described below and cash on hand to complete the repurchase of such series ee notes, including the payment of accrued interest and other costs incurred. as a result of the tender offer, in the 2021 third quarter, we recorded a loss of $164 million in the "loss on extinguishment of debt" caption of our income statements.
in september 2021, we issued $700 million aggregate principal amount of 2.750 percent series ii notes due october 15, 2033 (the "series ii notes"). we will pay interest on the series ii notes in april and october of each year, commencing in april 2022. we received net proceeds of approximately $693 million from the offering of the series ii notes, after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated expenses. we used the net proceeds to fund the tender offer, as further described above.
in august 2021, we redeemed all $400 million aggregate principal amount of our series n notes due in october 2021.
in march 2021, we issued $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.850 percent series hh notes due april 15, 2031 (the "series hh notes"). we pay interest on the series hh notes in april and october of each year. we received net proceeds of approximately $1,089 million from the offering of the series hh notes, after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated expenses, which were made available for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of a portion of our outstanding borrowings under the credit facility.
commercial paper due to changes to our credit ratings as a result of the impact of covid-19 on our business, we currently are not issuing commercial paper. as a result, we have had to rely more on borrowings under the credit facility and issuance of senior notes, which carry higher interest costs than commercial paper.
uses of cash cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash totaled $1,421 million at december 31, 2021, an increase of $527 million from year-end 2020, primarily due to net cash provided by operating activities ($1,177 million) and credit facility borrowings, net of repayments ($150 million), partially offset by senior notes repayments, net of issuances ($368 million), capital and technology expenditures ($183 million), cash paid for debt extinguishment costs associated with the tender offer ($155 million), and financing outflows for employee stock-based compensation withholding taxes ($90 million).
cash from operations net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $462 million in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to net cash inflow from our loyalty program in 2020 and higher cash paid for income taxes, partially offset by higher net income recorded in 2021 (adjusted for non-cash items and the loss on extinguishment of debt). cash inflow from our loyalty program in 2020 included $920 million of cash received from the prepayment of certain future revenues under the amendments to our existing u.s.-issued co-brand credit card agreements, which reduced in 2021 and will in the future reduce the amount of cash we receive from these card issuers.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 0.6 to 1.0 at year-end 2021 and 0.5 to 1.0 at year-end 2020. we have significant borrowing capacity under our credit facility should we need additional working capital.
investing activities cash flows capital expenditures and other investments. we made capital and technology expenditures of $183 million in 2021 and $135 million in 2020. capital expenditures in 2021 increased by $48 million compared to 2020, primarily reflecting higher spending on our new headquarters.
we expect capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $600 million to $700 million for 2022, including capital and technology expenditures, loan advances, contract acquisition costs, and other investing activities (including approximately $250 million for maintenance capital spending and our new headquarters).
over time, we have sold lodging properties, both completed and under development, subject to long-term management agreements. the ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. we have made, and expect to continue making, selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations, new construction, loans, guarantees, and equity investments. over time, we seek to minimize capital invested in our business through asset sales subject to long-term management or franchise agreements.
dispositions. property and asset sales generated $12 million cash proceeds in 2021 and $260 million in 2020.
loan activity. from time to time, we make loans to owners of hotels that we operate or franchise. loan collections, net of loan advances, amounted to $27 million in 2021, compared to net advances of $33 million in 2020. at year-end 2021, we had $153 million of senior, mezzanine, and other loans outstanding, compared to $163 million outstanding at year-end 2020.
financing activities cash flows debt. debt decreased by $238 million in 2021, to $10,138 million at year-end 2021 from $10,376 million at year-end 2020. see "sources of liquidity," caption in this "liquidity and capital resources" section and note 9 for additional information on the senior note and credit facility transactions in 2021.
share repurchases and dividends. we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock in 2021. at year-end 2021, 17.4 million shares remained available for repurchase under board approved authorizations. we also did not declare any cash dividends in 2021. we do not anticipate repurchasing additional shares or declaring cash dividends until our leverage ratios further improve. assuming there is no meaningful setback in the global recovery from covid-19, we could restart some level of capital returns in the second half of 2022 and more meaningful levels of capital returns in 2023 and beyond.
material cash requirements our material cash requirements include the following contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements.
•at year-end 2021, we had $12,169 million of debt, including principal and future interest payments, of which $1,134 million is payable within the next 12 months from year-end 2021. see note 9 for further information about our long-term debt.
•we enter into operating and finance leases primarily for hotels, offices, and equipment, which are discussed in note 8.
•at december 31, 2021, projected deemed repatriation transition tax payments under the u.s. tax legislation enacted on december 22, 2017, commonly referred to as the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act, totaled $349 million, of which $43 million is payable within the next 12 months from year-end 2021.
•the company also had guarantees, a contingent purchase obligation, commitments, and letters of credit as of year-end 2021, which are discussed in note 7. the majority of our guarantee commitments are not expected to be funded within the next 12 months from year-end 2021. in addition to the purchase obligations discussed in note 7, in the normal course of business, we enter into purchase commitments and incur other obligations to manage the daily operating needs of the hotels that we manage. since our contracts with owners require reimbursement for these amounts, these obligations are expected to have minimal impact on our net income and cash flow.
critical accounting policies and estimates our preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. management considers an accounting policy and estimate to be critical if: (1) we must make assumptions that were uncertain when the estimate was made; and (2) changes in the estimate, or selection of a different estimate methodology could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. management has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors.
while we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information available when the estimate or assumption was made. actual results may differ significantly. additionally, changes in our assumptions, estimates or assessments due to unforeseen events or otherwise could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.
see note 2 for further information related to our critical accounting policies and estimates, which are as follows:
loyalty program, including how we estimate the breakage of hotel points, credit card points, and free night certificates, the volume of points and free night certificates that will be issued under our co-brand credit card agreements, the amount of consideration to which we will be entitled under our co-brand credit card agreements, and the stand-alone selling prices of goods and services provided under our co-brand credit card agreements. changes in these estimates could result in material changes to our liability for guest loyalty program and loyalty program revenue. based on the conditions existing at december 31, 2021 and holding other factors constant, a one percent decrease in our estimate of the breakage of points could result in an increase in the liability for guest loyalty program of approximately $40 million. the breakage impact may vary significantly depending on the specific loyalty program points for which the anticipated breakage changes.
goodwill, including how we evaluate the fair value of reporting units and when we record an impairment loss on goodwill. during the 2021 fourth quarter, we conducted our annual goodwill impairment test and no impairment charges were recorded. the estimated fair values of all our reporting units significantly exceeded their carrying values at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination.
intangibles and long-lived assets, including how we evaluate the fair value of intangibles and long-lived assets and when we record impairment losses on intangibles and long-lived assets. during 2021, we evaluated our intangibles and long-lived asset groups for impairment and did not record any material impairment charges. the estimated fair values of all our indefinite-lived intangible assets significantly exceeded their carrying values at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination.
investments, including information on how we evaluate the fair value of investments and when we record impairment losses on investments. during 2021, we evaluated our investments for impairment and did not record any material impairment charges.
