item 1a.risk factors in addition to the other information provided in this form 10-k, the following risk factors should be considered when evaluating an investment in shares of the company's common stock. if any of the events described in these risks were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
industry and economic risks the floor covering industry is sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, such as consumer confidence, income and spending, corporate and government spending, interest rate levels, availability of credit and demand for housing. significant or prolonged declines in the u.s. or global economies could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
downturns in the u.s. and global economies, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, negatively impact the floor covering industry and the company's business. during times of economic uncertainty or decline, end consumers tend to spend less on remodeling their homes, which is how the company derives a majority of its sales. likewise, new home construction - and the corresponding need for new flooring materials - tends to slow down during recessionary periods. there may be downturns in the foreseeable future that could cause the industry to deteriorate globally or in the local markets in which the company operates. a significant or prolonged decline in residential or commercial remodeling or new construction activity could have a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations.
the company faces intense competition in the flooring industry that could decrease demand for the company's products or force it to lower prices, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the floor covering industry is highly competitive. the company faces competition from a number of manufacturers and independent distributors. some of the company's competition is from companies located outside of the united states, and these competitors may benefit from lower input costs or state subsidies. also, trade tariffs may impact both the company and its competitors in different and unpredictable ways. maintaining the company's competitive position may require substantial investments in the company's product development efforts, manufacturing facilities, distribution network and sales and marketing activities. competitive pressures may also result in decreased demand for the company's products, force the company to lower prices or prevent the company from raising prices to keep up with inflation. moreover, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and input costs may contribute to more attractive pricing for imports that compete with the company's products, which may put pressure on the company's pricing.  any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the covid-19 pandemic has materially impacted the company's business, and will likely continue to impact the company's business in the future.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact areas where the company operates and sells its products and services. mohawk generates sales in approximately 170 countries and maintains manufacturing operations in 18 countries. due to its large global footprint, mohawk's business is sensitive to macroeconomic events in the united states and abroad, including the covid-19 pandemic. the company expects that it will continue to see fluctuating demand across a number of its markets resulting from the covid-19 pandemic. in particular, pent up demand for travel and entertainment may reduce consumer willingness to make investments in the company's products as health conditions improve. also, the company has experienced and may continue to experience plant closures or slowdowns in productivity resulting from lower demand, health-based concerns, covid-19-related employee absenteeism, supply disruptions and government-mandated closures.
during economic downturns, including current downturns resulting from the covid-19 pandemic experienced in some of the company's markets, demand for the company's products may significantly decrease. this reduced demand may lead to lower sales and intensified competitive pressures.
index to financial statements the company experienced certain disruptions to its business and further disruptions may occur that could materially affect the company's ability to obtain supplies, manufacture its products or deliver inventory in a timely manner. although the company believes that it can manage its exposure to these risks, there is no guarantee that the company will be able to do so in the future. the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the company's operations, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration and severity of the outbreak (including the possibility of further surges or variants of concern), the efficacy of the vaccination programs in the jurisdictions in which the company operates, supply chain disruptions, rising inflation, the company's ability to maintain sufficient qualified personnel due to labor shortages, employee illness, quarantine, willingness to return to work, vaccine and/or testing mandates, face-coverings and other safety requirements, or travel and other restrictions, and the actions taken by governments, businesses and individuals to contain the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as further actions taken to limit the resulting economic impact. accordingly, the covid-19 pandemic and the related global reaction could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
to the extent the covid-19 pandemic adversely affects the company's business, financial conditions and results of operations it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this "risk factor" section.
international risks the company manufactures, sources and sells many products internationally and is exposed to risks associated with doing business globally.
the company's international activities are significant to its manufacturing capacity, revenues and profits; and the company continues to expand internationally through the construction of new manufacturing operations and investments in existing ones. currently, the company's flooring row segment has significant operations in europe, russia, brazil, malaysia, australia and new zealand, and the company's global ceramic segment has significant operations in brazil, europe, russia and mexico. in addition, the company sources raw materials and finished goods from multiple international locations.
the company's international sales, supply chain, operations and investments are subject to risks and uncertainties, including:
•changes in foreign country regulatory requirements;
•differing business practices associated with foreign operations;
•various import/export restrictions and the availability of required import/export licenses;
•imposition of foreign or domestic tariffs and other trade barriers;
•foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;
•differing inflationary or deflationary market pressures, including the recent increase in inflation globally;
•foreign country tax rules, regulations and other requirements, such as changes in tax rates and statutory and judicial interpretations in tax laws;
•differing labor laws and changes in those laws;
•work stoppages and labor shortages, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic;
•disruptions in the shipping of imported and exported products;
•government price controls;
•extended payment terms and the inability to collect accounts receivable;
•potential difficulties repatriating cash from non-u.s. subsidiaries; and
•compliance with laws governing international relations, including those u.s. laws that relate to sanctions and corruption.
the company cannot assure investors that it will succeed in developing and implementing policies and strategies to address the foregoing risks effectively in each location where the company does business, and, therefore that the foregoing factors will not have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
index to financial statements the company operates in emerging markets, including brazil, eastern europe, malaysia, mexico and russia, and therefore has exposure to doing business in potentially unstable areas of the world.
operations in emerging markets are subject to greater risk than more developed markets, including in some cases significant legal, economic and political risks. market conditions and the political structures that support them are subject to rapid change in these economies, and the company may not be able to react quickly enough to protect its assets and business operations. in particular, developing markets in which the company operates may be characterized by one or more of the following:
•complex and conflicting laws and regulations, which may be inconsistently or arbitrarily enforced;
•high incidences of corruption in state regulatory agencies;
•volatile inflation;
•widespread poverty and resulting political instability;
•compliance with laws governing international relations, including u.s. laws that relate to sanctions and corruption;
•immature legal and banking systems;
•uncertainty with respect to title to real and personal property;
•underdeveloped infrastructure;
•heavy state control of natural resources and energy supplies;
•state ownership of transportation and supply chain assets;
•high protective tariffs and inefficient customs processes;
•high crime rates; and
•war and/or armed conflict.
changes in any one or a combination of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
fluctuations in currency exchange rates may impact the company's financial condition and results of operations and may affect the comparability of results between the company's financial periods.
the results of the company's foreign subsidiaries are translated into u.s. dollars from the local currency for consolidated reporting. the exchange rates between some of these currencies and the u.s. dollar in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in the future. the company may not be able to manage effectively its currency translation risks, and volatility in currency exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated financial statements and affect comparability of the company's results between financial periods.
business and operational risks the company may be unable to predict customer preferences or demand accurately, or to respond to technological developments.
the company operates in a market sector where demand is strongly influenced by rapidly changing customer preferences as to product design, product category and technical features. failure to quickly and effectively respond to changing customer demand or technological developments could have a material adverse effect on the business.
in periods of rising costs, the company may be unable to pass raw materials, labor, energy and fuel-related cost increases on to its customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the supply and prices of raw materials, labor, energy and fuel-related costs, including those related to oil and natural gas, are subject to market conditions and are impacted by many factors beyond the company's control, including pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic), labor shortages, weather conditions, natural disasters, governmental programs, regulations and trade and tariff policies, inflation and increased demand, among other factors. for example, in fiscal 2021, the price of the natural gas consumed in the company's manufacturing operations increased significantly in some markets compared to the prior year period. although the company generally attempts to pass on increases in raw material, labor, energy and fuel-related costs to its customers, the company's ability to do so is dependent upon the rate and magnitude of any increase, competitive pressures and market conditions for the company's products. in addition to those experienced in fiscal 2021, there have been in the past, and may be in the future, periods of time during which increases in these costs cannot be recovered. during such periods of time, the company's business has been and may be materially affected.
index to financial statements the company may be unable to obtain raw materials or sourced product on a timely basis, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the principal raw materials used in the company's manufacturing operations include triexta, nylon, polypropylene, and polyester resins and fibers, which are used in the company's carpet and rug business; clay, talc, feldspar and glazes, including frit (ground glass), zircon and stains, which are used in the company's ceramic tile business; wood, paper and resins, which are used in the company's wood and laminate flooring business; and glass fiber, plasticizers, and pvc resins, which are used in the company's sheet vinyl and luxury vinyl tile business. in addition to raw materials, the company sources finished goods. for certain raw materials and sourced products, the company is dependent on one or a small number of suppliers. a material temporary or long-term adverse change in the company's relationship with such a supplier, the financial condition of such a supplier or such supplier's ability to manufacture or deliver such raw materials or sourced products to the company could lead to an interruption of supply or require the company to purchase more expensive alternatives. also, the company's ability to obtain raw materials or source products at reasonable costs may be impacted by tariffs, global trade uncertainties and international crises, such as the covid-19 pandemic. despite the company's efforts to maintain a number of sources for its raw materials, the company experienced disruptions in its raw materials supply chain resulting from the covid-19 pandemic in 2021. while the company continues to monitor the covid-19 pandemic and government restrictions enacted to address the pandemic, the long-term impact on its supply chain is unpredictable. an extended interruption in the supply of sourced products or raw materials used in the company's business or in the supply of suitable substitute materials or products would disrupt the company's operations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the company makes significant capital investments in its business and such capital investments may not be successful or achieve their intended results.
the company's business requires significant capital investment to expand capacity to support its growth, introduce new products, enter new markets and improve operating efficiencies.  the company has historically made significant capital investments each year and will continue to make capital investments in future periods, including approximately $800 million of capital investments in 2022. while the company believes that many of its past capital investments have been successful, there is no guarantee that the return on investment from the company's recent or future capital projects will be sufficient to recover the expenses and opportunity costs associated with these projects.  furthermore, a meaningful portion of the company's capital investment is based on forecasted growth in its business, which is subject to uncertainty such as general economic trends, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, increased competition and consumer preferences.  if the company does not accurately forecast its future capital investment needs, the company could have excess capacity or insufficient capacity, either of which would negatively affect its revenues and profitability.
the company may experience certain risks associated with acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic investments.
the company intends to grow its business through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. growth through acquisitions involves risks, many of which may continue to affect the company after the acquisition. the company cannot give assurance that an acquired company will achieve the levels of revenue, profitability and production that the company expects. acquisitions may require the issuance of additional securities or the incurrence of additional indebtedness, which may dilute the ownership interests of existing security holders or impose higher interest costs on the company. additional challenges related to the company's acquisition strategy include:
•maintaining executive offices in different locations;
•manufacturing and selling different types of products through different distribution channels;
•conducting business from various locations;
•maintaining different operating systems and software on different computer hardware; and
•retaining key employees.
failure to successfully manage and integrate an acquisition with the company's existing operations could lead to the potential loss of customers of the acquired business, the potential loss of employees who may be vital to the new operations, the potential loss of business opportunities or other adverse consequences that could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. even if integration occurs successfully, failure of the acquisition to achieve levels of anticipated sales growth, profitability, or otherwise perform as expected, may result in goodwill or other asset impairments or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the company's business. finally, acquisition targets may be subject to material liabilities that are not properly identified in due diligence and that are not covered by seller indemnification obligation or third-party insurance. the unknown liabilities of the company's acquisition targets may have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
index to financial statements in addition, the company has made certain investments, including through joint ventures, in which the company has a minority equity interest and lacks management and operational control. the controlling joint venture partner may have business interests, strategies or goals that are inconsistent with those of the company. business decisions or other actions or omissions of the controlling joint venture partner, or the joint venture company, may result in harm to the company's reputation or adversely affect the value of the company's investment in the joint venture.
a failure to identify suitable acquisition candidates or partners for strategic investments and to complete acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
as part of the company's business strategy, the company intends to pursue a wide array of potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions of complementary businesses, as well as strategic investments and joint ventures. although the company regularly evaluates such opportunities, the company may not be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates or to obtain sufficient financing on acceptable terms to fund such strategic transactions, which may slow the company's growth and have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the company has been, and in the future may be, subject to costs, liabilities and other obligations under existing or new laws and regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the company is subject to increasingly numerous and complex laws, regulations and licensing requirements in each of the jurisdictions in which the company conducts business. in addition, new laws and regulations may be enacted in the u.s. or abroad, the compliance of which may require the company to incur additional personnel-related, environmental, or other costs on an ongoing basis.
in particular, the company's operations are subject to various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing air emissions, wastewater discharges, and the use, storage, treatment, recycling and disposal of materials and finished product. the applicable requirements under these laws are subject to amendment, to the imposition of new or additional requirements and to changing interpretations of agencies or courts. the company may incur material costs in order to comply with new or existing regulations, including fines and penalties and increased costs of its operations. for example, extended producer responsibility laws place a shared responsibility for post-consumer product management on various entities involved in the supply chain, including producers and manufacturers. expansion of extended producer responsibility legislation in the jurisdictions where the company operates could impose additional responsibility on the company in relation to the ultimate treatment or disposal of its products, which could lead to an increase in total costs related to the company's products. also, the company's manufacturing facilities may become subject to further limitations on the emission of "greenhouse gases" due to public policy concerns regarding climate change issues or other environmental or health and safety concerns. while the form of any additional regulations cannot be predicted, a "cap-and-trade" system similar to the system that applies to the company's businesses in the european union could be adopted in the united states. the company's manufacturing processes use a significant amount of energy, especially natural gas. any such "cap-and-trade" system or other limitations imposed on the emission of "greenhouse gases" could require the company to increase its capital expenditures, use its cash to acquire emission credits or restructure its manufacturing operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business.
the company's business operations could suffer significant losses from natural disasters, catastrophes, fire, pandemics or other unexpected events.
many of the company's business activities involve substantial investments in manufacturing facilities and many products are produced at a limited number of locations. these facilities could be materially damaged by natural disasters, such as floods, tornados, hurricanes and earthquakes, or by fire, pandemics (including covid-19) or other unexpected events. the company could incur uninsured losses and liabilities arising from such events, including damage to its reputation, and/or suffer material losses in operational capacity, which could have a material adverse impact on its business.
index to financial statements the company may be exposed to litigation, claims and other legal proceedings relating to its products, operations and compliance with various laws and regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
in the ordinary course of business, the company is subject to a variety of product-related claims, lawsuits and legal proceedings, including those relating to product liability, product warranty, product recall, personal injury, and other matters. the company is also subject to various claims related to its operations and its compliance with various corporate laws and regulations, including a putative securities class action and related matters described in note 16, commitments and contingencies. a very large claim or several similar claims asserted by a large class of plaintiffs could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, if the company is unable to successfully defend against or resolve these matters or if its insurance coverage is insufficient to satisfy any judgments against the company or settlements relating to these matters. although the company has product liability insurance and other types of insurance, the policies may not provide coverage for certain claims against the company or may not be sufficient to cover all possible liabilities. further, the company may not be able to maintain insurance at commercially acceptable premium levels. moreover, adverse publicity arising from claims made against the company, even if the claims are not successful, could adversely affect the company's reputation or the reputation and sales of its products.
the long-term performance of the company's business relies on its ability to attract, develop and retain talented personnel.
the company's ability to attract, develop and retain qualified and talented personnel in management, sales, marketing, product design and operations, including in new international markets into which the company may enter, is key to the company's overall success. the company competes with multinational firms for these employees and invests resources in recruiting, developing, motivating and retaining them. the failure to attract, develop, motivate and retain key employees could negatively affect the company's competitive position and its operating results.
the company's inability to maintain its patent licensing revenues could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the profit margins of certain of the company's businesses, particularly the company's flooring row segment, depend in part upon the company's ability to obtain, maintain and license proprietary technology used in the company's principal product families. the company has filed and is continuing to file patents relating to many different aspects of the company's products and associated methods and is generating patent license revenues on these diverse patents; however, certain revenue-producing patents have expired or will expire. the failure to develop alternative revenues to replace expired or invalidated patents in the future could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the company's inability to protect its intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the company relies, in part, on the patent, trade secret and trademark laws of the u.s., countries in the european union and elsewhere, as well as confidentiality agreements with some of the company's employees, to protect that technology. the company cannot assure investors that any patents owned by or issued to it will provide the company with competitive advantages, that third parties will not challenge these patents, or that the company's pending patent applications will be approved.
furthermore, despite the company's efforts, the company may be unable to prevent competitors and/or third parties from using the company's technology without the company's authorization, independently developing technology that is similar to that of the company or designing around the company's patents. the use of the company's technology or similar technology by others could reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage the company has developed, cause the company to lose sales or otherwise harm the company's business.
the company has obtained and applied for numerous u.s. and foreign service marks and trademark registrations and will continue to evaluate the registration of additional service marks and trademarks, as appropriate. the company cannot guarantee that any of the company's pending or future applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities. the failure to obtain trademark registrations in the u.s. and in other countries could limit the company's ability to protect its trademarks and impede its marketing efforts in those jurisdictions and could have a material effect on its business.
index to financial statements the company generally requires third parties with access to the company's trade secrets to agree to keep such information confidential. while such measures are intended to protect the company's trade secrets, there can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that the company will have adequate remedies for any breach or that the company's confidential and proprietary information and technology will not be independently developed by or become otherwise known to third parties. in any of these circumstances, the company's competitiveness could be significantly impaired, which would limit the company's growth and future revenue.
third parties may claim that the company infringed their intellectual property or proprietary rights, which could cause the company to incur significant expenses or prevent the company from selling its products.
in the past, third parties have claimed that certain technologies incorporated in the company's products infringe their patent rights. the company cannot be certain that the company's products do not and will not infringe issued patents or other intellectual property rights of others.
the company might be required to pay substantial damages (including punitive damages and attorneys' fees), discontinue the use and sale of infringing products, expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology or obtain licenses authorizing the use of infringing technology. there can be no assurance that licenses for disputed technology or intellectual property rights would be available on reasonable commercial terms, if at all. in the event of a successful claim against the company along with failure to develop or license a substitute technology, the company's business would be materially and adversely affected.
information technology risks the company relies on information systems in managing the company's operations and any system failure or deficiency of such systems may have an adverse effect on the company's business.
the company's businesses rely on sophisticated software applications to obtain, process, analyze and manage data. the company relies on these systems to, among other things:
•facilitate the purchase, management, distribution, and payment for inventory items;
•manage and monitor the daily operations of the company's distribution network;
•receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis;
•manage accurate billing to and collections from customers;
•control logistics and quality control for the company's retail operations;
•manage financial reporting; and
•monitor point of sale activity.
the company also relies on its computer hardware, software and network for the storage, delivery and transmission of data to the company's sales and distribution systems, and certain of the company's production processes are managed and conducted by computer.
any event that causes interruptions to the input, retrieval and transmission of data or increase in the service time could disrupt the company's normal operations. there can be no assurance that the company can effectively carry out its disaster recovery plan to handle the failure of its information systems, or that the company will be able to restore its operational capacity within sufficient time to avoid material disruption to its business. the occurrence of any of these events could cause unanticipated disruptions in service, decreased customer service and customer satisfaction, harm to the company's reputation and loss or misappropriation of sensitive information, which could result in loss of customers, increased operating expenses and financial losses. any such events could in turn have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.
index to financial statements the company is subject to cybersecurity risks and expects to incur increasing costs in an effort to minimize those risks.
the company's business employs systems that allow for the secure storage and transmission of customers', consumers', vendors', employees' and its own sensitive and proprietary information.  these systems may be subject to computer hacking, acts of vandalism or theft, malware, computer viruses or other malicious codes, phishing, employee error or malfeasance, catastrophes, unforeseen events or other cyber-attacks.  any significant compromise or breach of the company's data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, consumer, employee, supplier or company data, could result in significant costs, lost sales, fines, lawsuits and damage to the company's reputation. furthermore, as cyber-attacks become more sophisticated, the company expects to incur increasing costs to strengthen its systems from outside intrusions and to maintain insurance coverage related to the threat of such attacks. while the company has implemented administrative and technical controls and has taken other preventive actions to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and protect its information technology, they may be insufficient to prevent, or respond to, physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks or other security breaches to the company's systems.
in addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to the company's business, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs to the company. any failure to comply with federal, state or international privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in proceedings against the company by government entities or others. in addition to reputational impacts, penalties could include significant legal liability.
furthermore, third party business partners provide a number of the key components necessary to the company's business functions and systems. any problems caused by these business partners, including those resulting from disruptions in communication services provided by a business partner, cyber-attacks and security breaches, regulatory restrictions, fines, or orders or other regulatory action causing reputational harm, failure of a business partner to provide services for any reason or poor performance of services, could adversely affect the company's ability to conduct its business. in addition, the company's business partners could also be sources of operational and information security risk to the company, including from breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints. replacing these third-party business partners could also create significant delay and expense.
financial and liquidity risks changes in the global economy could affect the company's overall availability and cost of credit.
a downturn in the u.s. or global economies could impact the company's ability to obtain financing in the future, including any financing necessary to refinance existing indebtedness.
further, negative economic conditions may factor into the company's periodic credit ratings assessment by moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's"), standard & poor's financial services, llc ("s&p") and fitch, inc. any future changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing the company's credit strength and any downgrades in the company's credit ratings could increase the cost of its existing credit and could adversely affect the cost of and ability to obtain additional credit in the future. the company can provide no assurances that downgrades will not occur. the cost and availability of credit during uncertain economic times could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition.
if the company were unable to meet certain covenants contained in its existing credit facilities, it may be required to repay borrowings under the credit facilities prior to their maturity and may lose access to the credit facilities for additional borrowings that may be necessary to fund its operations and growth strategy.
on october 18, 2019, the company entered into a $1,800 million, senior revolving credit facility (the "senior credit facility") that provides for revolving credit, including limited amounts of credit in the form of letters of credit and swingline loans. any outstanding borrowings under the company's u.s. and european commercial paper programs also reduce availability under the senior credit facility. including commercial paper borrowings, the company has utilized approximately $615.3 million under the senior credit facility resulting in a total of $1,184.7 million available as of december 31, 2021.
index to financial statements if the company's cash flow is worse than expected, the company may need to refinance all or a portion of its indebtedness through a public and/or private debt offering or a new bank facility and may not be able to do so on terms acceptable to it, or at all. if the company is unable to access debt markets at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts due to credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, or weakness in the company's businesses, the company's ability to finance its operations or repay existing debt obligations may be materially and adversely affected.
additionally, the company's credit facilities include certain affirmative and negative covenants that impose restrictions on the company's financial and business operations, including limitations on liens, indebtedness, fundamental changes, asset dispositions, dividends and other similar restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, payments and modifications of certain existing debt, future negative pledges, and changes in the nature of the company's business. in addition, the senior credit facility requires the company to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio of at least 3.0 to 1.0 and a consolidated net leverage ratio of no more than 4.75 to 1.0 through december 31, 2021 and 3.75 to 1.0 after december 31, 2021. a failure to comply with the obligations contained in the company's current or future credit facilities or indentures relating to its outstanding public debt could result in an event of default or an acceleration of debt under other instruments that may contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions. the company cannot be certain that it would have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments.
declines in the company's business conditions may result in an impairment of the company's assets which could result in a material non-cash charge.
a significant or prolonged decrease in the company's market capitalization, including a decline in stock price, or a negative long-term performance outlook, could result in an impairment of its assets which results when the carrying value of the company's assets exceed their fair value.
negative tax consequences could materially and adversely affect the company's business.
the company is subject to the tax laws of the many jurisdictions in which it operates. these tax laws are complex, and the manner in which they apply to the company's facts is sometimes open to interpretation. in calculating the provision for income taxes, the company must make judgments about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. the company's domestic and international tax liabilities are largely dependent upon the distribution of profit before tax among these many jurisdictions. however, the company's provision for income taxes also includes estimates of additional tax that may be incurred for tax exposures and reflects various estimates and assumptions, including assessments of future earnings of the company that could impact the valuation of its deferred tax assets. the company's future results of operations and tax liability could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the overall profitability of the company, changes in tax legislation and rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in the amount of earnings permanently reinvested offshore, the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns, and ongoing assessments of the company's tax exposures.
forward-looking information certain of the statements in this form 10-k, particularly those anticipating future performance, business prospects, growth and operating strategies, and similar matters, and those that include the words "could," "should," "believes," "anticipates," "expects" and "estimates" or similar expressions constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. for those statements, mohawk claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements will be accurate because they are based on many assumptions, which involve risks and uncertainties. the following important factors could cause future results to differ: changes in economic or industry conditions; competition; inflation and deflation in freight, raw material prices and other input costs; inflation and deflation in consumer markets; currency fluctuations; energy costs and supply; timing and level of capital expenditures; timing and implementation of price increases for the company's products; impairment charges; integration of acquisitions; international operations; introduction of new products; rationalization of operations; taxes and tax reform, product and other claims; litigation; the risks and uncertainty related to the covid-19 pandemic; regulatory and political changes in the jurisdictions in which the company does business; and other risks identified in mohawk's sec reports and public announcements.
index to financial statements
item 7.management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following discussion and analysis of the company's results of operations includes a comparison of fiscal 2021 to fiscal 2020. a similar discussion and analysis that compares fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2019 may be found in item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," of the company's form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020.
during the past two decades, the company has grown significantly. its current geographic breadth and diverse product offering are reflected in three reporting segments: global ceramic; flooring north america ("flooring na"); and flooring rest of the world ("flooring row"). the global ceramic segment designs, manufactures, sources and markets a broad line of ceramic tile, porcelain tile, natural stone tile and other products including natural stone, porcelain slabs and quartz countertops, which it distributes primarily in north america, europe, brazil and russia through various selling channels, which include company-owned stores, independent distributors and home centers. the flooring na segment designs, manufactures, sources and markets its floor covering products, including broadloom carpet, carpet tile, carpet cushion, rugs, laminate, vinyl products, including luxury vinyl tile ("lvt") and sheet vinyl, and wood flooring, all of which it distributes through its network of regional distribution centers and satellite warehouses using company-operated trucks, common carriers or rail transportation. the segment's product lines are sold through various channels, including independent floor covering retailers, independent distributors, home centers, mass merchandisers, department stores, shop at home, online retailers, buying groups, commercial contractors and commercial end users. the flooring row segment designs, manufactures, sources, licenses and markets laminate, vinyl products, including lvt and sheet vinyl, wood flooring, roofing panels, insulation boards, medium-density fiberboard ("mdf") and chipboards, which it distributes primarily in europe, russia, australia and new zealand through various channels, including independent floor covering retailers, independent distributors, company-owned distributors, home centers, commercial contractors and commercial end users.
mohawk is a significant supplier of every major flooring category with manufacturing operations in 18 nations and sales in approximately 170 countries. based on its annual sales, the company believes it is the world's largest flooring manufacturer. a majority of the company's long-lived assets are located in the united states and europe, which are also the company's primary markets. additionally, the company maintains operations in the united kingdom, russia, mexico, australia, new zealand, brazil and other parts of the world. the company is a leading provider of flooring for residential and commercial markets and has earned significant recognition for its innovation in design and performance as well as sustainability.
due to its global footprint, mohawk's business is sensitive to macroeconomic events in the united states and abroad. the current environment has placed unprecedented demands on the company's operations as the covid-19 pandemic has caused disruptions to the company's markets and operations around the world. while the near-term economic and financial impact of the covid-19 pandemic is improving in its residential markets, the company expects that it will continue to see fluctuating demand across a number of its markets. during 2020, the company completed actions prompted by the evolving covid-19 pandemic to enhance future performance including site closings, other facility and product rationalizations and workforce reductions. these global actions delivered savings of approximately $110 million in the aggregate in 2020 and 2021, with costs of approximately $168 million.
during 2021, inflation in materials, energy, transportation and labor has impacted the company's profitability across all segments. mohawk has, to some extent, offset the impact of inflationary pressures through multiple pricing actions across product categories and geographies; improved mix from sales of higher-value, differentiated products; and productivity gains in manufacturing and logistics. in the near future, the company might not foresee significant changes in these external pressures, which could have an adverse impact on the company's results. in europe, natural gas prices accelerated at an unprecedented pace due to supply shortages and are presently more than five times higher than last year. given the unexpected acceleration of natural gas expenses, the european flooring industry will require some time to align product prices with higher energy costs, which could result from pricing actions, de-escalation of energy costs or a combination of the two factors. the duration of the natural gas price spike is unpredictable, and the company will explore all options to manage the impact of energy inflation while continuing to deliver service to customers, but this energy inflation could impact future results of operations.
index to financial statements the company believes it has the experience and resources necessary to capitalize on opportunities that will arise given projected strength in residential new construction and remodeling and forecasts for lower inflation, improved global supply chain issues and eventual pandemic containment. the company also believes it is well positioned with a strong balance sheet and limited debt. based on its current liquidity and available credit, the company is in a position to finance internal investments, acquisitions and/or additional stock purchases. finally, the company is applying recommendations of local health authorities with procedures that minimize covid-19 pandemic exposure risk for employees, suppliers, customers and other stakeholders. for information on risk that could impact the company's results, please refer to "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k.
since becoming a publicly traded company in april 1992, mohawk has grown both organically and through strategic and bolt-on acquisitions. the company's most recent major acquisitions were in 2018: godfrey hirst, the largest floor covering manufacturer in australia and new zealand; and eliane, a leading manufacturer and exporter of ceramic tile in brazil. mohawk has completed a number of smaller acquisitions during the past three years; many of which expanded the company's hard surface flooring distribution in europe. during 2021, the company purchased an irish insulation manufacturer that complemented its existing insulation production and distribution in ireland and the u.k. and a french mdf production plant that added additional capacity and product offerings.
in 2021, the company invested $676.1 million in capital projects to expand capacities, create differentiated products, and improve productivity.  the largest investments during this period were ceramic tile capacity increases in brazil, italy, and russia; premium laminate capacity increases in north america and europe; lvt in north america; and countertop expansions in north america and europe. in 2022, the company plans to invest an additional amount of approximately $800 million to complete existing projects and commence new initiatives. the company plans to invest in cost reduction initiatives, upgrades in recent acquisitions and previously initiated expansion projects as well as maintenance across the businesses. the main investment areas include the company's lvt portfolio to upgrade its product offering and improve profitability; premium water-proof laminate in north america and europe; ceramic capacity increases in brazil, italy, and russia; and countertop expansion in north america and europe.
net earnings attributable to the company were $1,033.2 million, or diluted eps of $14.94 for 2021 compared to net earnings attributable to the company of $515.6 million, or diluted eps of $7.22 for 2020. the change in eps was primarily attributable to the favorable net impact of price and product mix, the favorable net impact of higher volumes, productivity gains, lower restructuring, acquisition and integration-related costs, the favorable impact due to fewer short-term manufacturing disruptions and the favorable net impact from foreign exchange rates, partially offset by higher inflation, higher costs associated with investments in new product development and marketing costs and higher startup costs. the company's operations and net earnings for 2020 were affected by broader economic conditions related to the covid-19 pandemic. in particular, the company experienced decreasing demand during the first six months of 2020 and increased costs associated with short-term reductions in manufacturing output. the company believes that a number of circumstances may impact trends in 2022, including the continuation of the covid-19 pandemic, impacts to material availability due to disruptions in the global supply chain and inflation, but the extent and duration of such impact cannot be predicted.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, the company generated $1,309.1 million of cash from operating activities. as of december 31, 2021, the company had cash and cash equivalents of $268.9 million, of which $68.4 million was in the united states and $200.5 million was in foreign countries, in addition to $323.0 million in short-term investments. on october 19, 2021, the company redeemed at par the 2.00% senior notes, originally due on january 14, 2022, and paid the remaining €500 million outstanding principal of the 2.00% senior notes, plus any unpaid interest, utilizing cash on hand.
index to financial statements results of operations following are the results of operations for the last two years:
for the years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                                                   2020
(in millions)
statement of operations data:
net sales                                                                       $11,200.6                     100.0   %                 9,552.2                   100.0   %
cost of sales (1)                                                                 7,931.9                      70.8   %                 7,121.5                    74.6   %
gross profit                                                                      3,268.7                      29.2   %                 2,430.7                    25.4   %
selling, general and administrative expenses (2)                                  1,933.7                      17.3   %                 1,794.7                    18.8   %
operating income                                                                  1,335.0                      11.9   %                   636.0                     6.7   %
interest expense                                                                     57.3                       0.5   %                    52.4                     0.5   %
other income (3)                                                                   (12.2)                     (0.1)   %                   (0.8)                     0.0   %
earnings before income taxes                                                      1,290.0                      11.5   %                   584.4                     6.1   %
income tax expense (4)                                                              256.4                       2.3   %                    68.6                     0.7   %
net earnings including noncontrolling interests                                   1,033.5                       9.2   %                   515.7                     5.4   %
less: net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                           0.4                       0.0   %                     0.1                     0.0   %
net earnings attributable to mohawk industries, inc.                             $1,033.2                       9.2   %                   515.6                     5.4   %
(1) cost of sales includes:
restructuring, acquisition and integration-related charges                          $18.4                       0.2   %                   102.4                     1.1   %
acquisition inventory step-up                                                         1.7                       0.0   %                       -                       -   %
other charges                                                                           -                         -   %                    24.5                     0.3   %
(2) selling, general and administrative expenses include:
restructuring, acquisition and integration-related charges                            5.2                       0.0   %                    26.5                     0.3   %
other charges                                                                           -                         -   %                    10.1                     0.1   %
(3) other expense (income) includes:
resolution of foreign non-income tax contingencies                                  (6.2)                     (0.1)   %                       -                       -   %
other charges                                                                       (0.5)                       0.0   %                     3.3                     0.0   %
(4) income tax expense (income) includes:
one-time tax planning election                                                     (22.2)                     (0.2)   %                       -                       -   %
income tax effect on resolution of foreign non-income tax contingencies               2.3                       0.0   %                       -                       -   %
other charges                                                                         0.9                       0.0   %                     0.3                     0.0   %
index to financial statements year ended december 31, 2021, as compared with year ended december 31, 2020
net sales net sales for 2021 were $11,200.6 million, reflecting an increase of $1,648.4 million, or 17.3%, from the $9,552.2 million reported for 2020. the increase was primarily attributable to the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $792 million, higher volumes of approximately $739 million, and the favorable net impact from foreign exchange rates of approximately $160 million, partially offset by the unfavorable impact from one less shipping day for 2021 of approximately $42 million. in 2020, the company's global sales were affected by broader economic conditions related to the covid-19 pandemic. in particular, the company experienced decreasing demand during the first six months of 2020.
global ceramic segment-net sales increased $484.5 million, or 14.1%, to $3,917.3 million for 2021, compared to $3,432.8 million for 2020. the increase was primarily attributable to the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $239 million, higher volumes of approximately $236 million and the favorable net impact from foreign exchange rates of approximately $22 million, partially offset by the unfavorable impact from one less shipping day for 2021 of approximately $12 million.
flooring na segment-net sales increased $522.3 million, or 14.5%, to $4,116.4 million for 2021, compared to $3,594.1 million for 2020. the increase was attributable to the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $269 million and higher volumes of approximately $275 million, partially offset by the unfavorable impact from one less shipping day for 2021 of approximately $21 million.
flooring row segment-net sales increased $641.5 million, or 25.4%, to $3,166.9 million for 2021, compared to $2,525.4 million for 2020. the increase was primarily attributable to the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $284 million, higher volumes of approximately $228 million and the favorable net impact from foreign exchange rates of approximately $138 million, partially offset by the unfavorable impact from one less shipping day for 2021 of approximately $9 million.
quarterly net sales and the percentage changes in net sales by quarter for 2021 versus 2020 were as follows (dollars in millions):
2021                                  2020                                   change first quarter           $2,669.0                 2,285.8                  16.8    %
second quarter           2,953.8                 2,049.8                  44.1    %
third quarter            2,817.0                 2,574.9                   9.4    %
fourth quarter           2,760.7                 2,641.8                   4.5    %
total year             $11,200.6                 9,552.2                  17.3    %
gross profit gross profit for 2021 was $3,268.7 million (29.2% of net sales), an increase of $838.0 million or 34.5%, compared to gross profit of $2,430.7 million (25.4% of net sales) for 2020. as a percentage of net sales, gross profit increased 380 basis points. the increase in gross profit dollars was primarily attributable to the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $593 million, productivity gains of approximately $263 million, higher volumes of approximately $257 million, lower restructuring, acquisition and integration-related costs of approximately $107 million, the favorable impact of approximately $90 million due to fewer short-term manufacturing disruptions and the favorable net impact from foreign exchange rates of approximately $55 million, partially offset by higher inflation of approximately $524 million and approximately $4 million of higher startup cost. as previously discussed, the company's operations for the period did not reflect normal seasonality in 2020 and were affected by broader economic conditions related to the covid-19 pandemic. in particular, the company experienced increased costs associated with short-term reductions in manufacturing output in addition to decreased demand during the first six months of 2020.
index to financial statements selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for 2021 were $1,933.7 million (17.3% of net sales), an increase of $139.0 million or 7.7% compared to $1,794.7 million (18.8% of net sales) for 2020. as a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 150 basis points. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in dollars was primarily attributable to an increase in costs that were curtailed in 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic of approximately $54 million, higher volumes of approximately $45 million, higher inflation costs of approximately $35 million, the unfavorable net impact from foreign exchange rates of approximately $20 million, higher costs associated with investments in new product development and marketing costs of approximately $9 million and the unfavorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $7 million, partially offset by the lower restructuring, acquisition and integration-related costs of approximately $31 million.
index to financial statements operating income operating income for 2021 was $1,335.0 million (11.9% of net sales) reflecting an increase of $699.0 million, or 109.9%, compared to operating income of $636.0 million (6.7% of net sales) for 2020. the increase in operating income was primarily attributable to approximately $586 million due to the favorable net impact of price and product mix, higher volumes of approximately $212 million, productivity gains of approximately $209 million, the impact of lower restructuring, acquisition and integration-related costs of approximately $138 million, the favorable impact due to fewer short-term manufacturing disruptions of approximately $90 million and the favorable net impact from foreign exchange rates of approximately $34 million, partially offset by higher inflation costs of approximately $559 million, higher costs associated with investments in new product development and marketing costs of approximately $9 million and higher startup costs of approximately $4 million. as previously discussed, the company's operations for 2020 were negatively impacted by disruptions from the covid-19 pandemic resulting in decreased demand during the first six months of 2020 and increased costs associated with short-term reductions in manufacturing output.
global ceramic segment-operating income was $403.1 million (10.3% of segment net sales) for 2021 reflecting an increase of $235.4 million, or 140.3%, compared to operating income of $167.7 million (4.9% of segment net sales) for 2020. the increase in operating income was primarily attributable to the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $167 million, higher productivity gains of approximately $82 million, lower restructuring, acquisition and integration-related costs of approximately $63 million, higher volumes of approximately $62 million and the favorable impact due to fewer short-term manufacturing disruptions of approximately $38 million, partially offset by higher inflation costs of approximately $173 million and higher costs associated with investments in new product development and marketing costs of approximately $9 million.
flooring na segment-operating income was $407.6 million (9.9% of segment net sales) for 2021 reflecting an increase of $260.2 million, or 176.5%, compared to operating income of $147.4 million (4.1% of segment net sales) for 2020. the increase in operating income was primarily attributable to the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $177 million, higher productivity gains of approximately $135 million, higher volumes of approximately $66 million, the favorable impact due to fewer short-term manufacturing disruptions of approximately $39 million and lower restructuring, acquisition and integration-related costs of approximately $34 million, partially offset by higher inflation costs of approximately $189 million.
flooring row segment-operating income was $571.1 million (18.0% of segment net sales) for 2021 reflecting an increase of $204.2 million, or 55.7%, compared to operating income of $366.9 million (14.5% of segment net sales) for 2020. the increase in operating income was primarily attributable to the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $242 million, higher volumes of approximately $84 million, lower restructuring, acquisition and integration-related costs of approximately $36 million, the favorable net impact from foreign exchange rates of approximately $35 million and the favorable impact due to fewer short-term manufacturing disruptions of approximately $14 million, partially offset by higher inflation costs of approximately $193 million, an increase in costs that were curtailed due to the covid-19 pandemic of approximately $7 million and higher startup costs of $4 million.
interest expense interest expense was $57.3 million for 2021, reflecting an increase of $4.9 million compared to interest expense of $52.4 million for 2020. during the second quarter of 2020, the company issued new long-term debt to strengthen its liquidity position during the early months of the covid-19 pandemic, which shifted the company from a mix of fixed and floating rate debt, with a lower average interest rate, to more fixed rate debt, which carries a higher average interest rate. the higher average interest rate impacted interest expense for all of 2021 compared to a portion of 2020, with the impact partially offset by the early redemption of the €500.0 million 2.00% senior notes in october 2021 and the prepayment of the term loan facility of $500.0 million in may 2020.
other expense (income)
other income was $12.2 million for 2021, reflecting a favorable change of $11.4 million compared to other income of $0.8 million for 2020. the change was primarily attributable to the resolution of foreign non-income tax contingencies of $6.2 million, favorable net impact of foreign exchange rates of $1.5 million, an impairment charge of $3.6 million related to the company's net investment in a joint venture in brazil during 2020 and other miscellaneous items.
index to financial statements income tax expense for 2021, the company recorded income tax expense of $256.4 million on earnings before income taxes of $1,290.0 million for an effective tax rate of 19.9%, as compared to an income tax expense of $68.6 million on earnings before income taxes of $584.4 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 11.7% for 2020. in 2021, the company was impacted by significant pre-tax income differences between the 2020 and 2021 periods that was a result of the recovery from the covid-19 pandemic, a one-time italian step-up benefit allowing for the realignment of tax asset values, and carryback rate differential in the u.s. in 2020, the company realized a $33.8 million carryback rate differential in the u.s. and had a $10.3 million tax benefit from a foreign exchange loss on previously taxed earnings distributed during the year.
index to financial statements liquidity and capital resources the company's primary capital requirements are for working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. the company's capital needs are met primarily through a combination of internally generated funds, commercial paper, bank credit lines, term and senior notes and credit terms from suppliers. as of december 31, 2021, the company had a total of $1,184.7 million available under its senior credit facility. the company also maintains local currency revolving lines of credit and other credit facilities to provide liquidity to its businesses around the world.  none of such local facilities are material in amount.
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended 2021 was $1,309.1 million, compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $1,769.8 million for the year ended 2020. this decrease of $460.7 million was primarily attributable to changes in working capital, partially offset by higher net earnings.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended 2021 was $556.8 million compared to net cash used in investing activities of $954.8 million for the year ended 2020. the decrease was primarily due to the increase in the redemptions of short-term investments of $772.6 million (net of purchases of short-term investments), partially offset by the increase of capital expenditures of $250.6 million and an increase in acquisitions of $124.0 million.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended 2021 was $1,232.2 million compared to net cash used in financing activities of $188.2 million for the year ended 2020. the change in cash used in financing is primarily attributable to the lower proceeds from the senior notes of $1,667.6 million (net of repayments of $605.3 million) and higher share repurchases of $711.7 million, partially offset by the reduced net pay down on commercial paper of $1,310.3 million.
on september 16, 2021, the company's board of directors approved a new share repurchase program, authorizing the company to repurchase up to $500 million of its common stock. this was in addition to the previously approved 2020 share repurchase program. for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, the company purchased $900.3 million of its common stock, exhausting the $437.2 million remaining under the 2020 share repurchase program, and utilizing $463.1 million under the 2021 share repurchase program. as of december 31, 2021, there remained $36.8 million authorized under the 2021 share repurchase program.
on february 10, 2022, the company's board of directors approved a new share repurchase program, authorizing the company to repurchase up to $500 million of its common stock. as of february 10, 2022, there remained zero authorized under the 2021 share repurchase program.
as of december 31, 2021, the company had cash of $268.9 million, of which $200.5 million was held outside the united states. in addition to its cash on hand, the company also had short-term investments of $323.0 million as of december 31, 2021. the company plans to permanently reinvest the cash held outside the united states. the company believes that its cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments on hand, cash generated from operations and availability under its senior credit facility will be sufficient to meet its planned capital expenditures, further working capital investment and debt servicing requirements over the next twelve months.
see note 10. long-term debt, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further discussion of the company's long-term debt. the company may continue, from time to time, to retire its outstanding debt through cash purchases in the open market, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, the company's liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. the amount involved may be material.
contractual obligations and commitments the following is a summary of the company's future minimum payments under contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2021 (in millions):
total                       2022                   2023                   2024                   2025                   2026                    thereafter contractual obligations and commitments:
long-term debt, including current maturities                         $2,333.4                       624.5                  610.0                    8.4                    7.1                    4.8                    1,078.6
interest payments on long-term debt and finance leases (1)              234.1                        30.8                   28.6                   28.5                   28.4                   28.3                       89.4
operating leases                                                        427.2                       120.8                   98.8                   73.9                   56.9                   40.5                       36.5
purchase commitments (2)                                                496.2                       247.9                   30.4                   30.4                   30.4                   30.4                      126.7
expected pension contributions (3)                                        3.8                         3.8                      -                      -                      -                      -                          -
uncertain tax positions (4)                                               6.2                         6.2                      -                      -                      -                      -                          -
guarantees (5)                                                           41.8                        18.6                    5.2                    5.1                    5.1                    5.1                        2.7
total                                                                $3,542.7                     1,052.6                  773.0                  146.3                  127.9                  109.1                    1,333.9
(1)for fixed rate debt, the company calculated interest based on the applicable rates and payment dates. for variable rate debt, the company estimated average outstanding balances for the respective periods and applied interest rates in effect as of december 31, 2021 to these balances.
(2)includes volume commitments for primarily raw material purchases.
(3)includes the estimated pension contributions for 2022 only, as the company is unable to estimate the pension contributions beyond 2022. the company's projected benefit obligation and plan assets as of december 31, 2021 were $80.3 million and $65.1 million, respectively. the projected benefit obligation liability has not been presented in the table above due to uncertainty as to amounts and timing regarding future payments.
(4)excludes $53.4 million of non-current accrued income tax liabilities and related interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions. these liabilities have not been presented in the table above due to uncertainty as to amounts and timing regarding future payments.
(5)includes bank guarantees and letters of credit.
critical accounting policies in preparing the consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, the company must make decisions which impact the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures. such decisions include the selection of appropriate accounting principles to be applied and the assumptions on which to base accounting estimates. in reaching such decisions, the company applies judgment based on its understanding and analysis of the relevant circumstances and historical experience. actual amounts could differ from those estimated at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared.
the company's significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k. some of those significant accounting policies require the company to make subjective or complex judgments or estimates. critical accounting estimates are defined as those that are both most important to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and results and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods.
index to financial statements the company believes the following accounting policies require it to use judgments and estimates in preparing its consolidated financial statements and represent critical accounting policies.
•accounts receivable and revenue recognition. the company recognizes revenues when it satisfies performance obligations as evidenced by the transfer of control of the promised goods to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods. the nature of the promised goods are ceramic, stone, carpet, resilient, laminate, wood and other flooring products. payment is typically received 90 days or less from the invoice date. the company adjusts the amounts of revenue for expected cash discounts, sales allowances, returns, and claims, based upon historical experience. the company adjusts accounts receivable for doubtful account allowances based upon relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount, periodic evaluation of specific customer accounts, and the aging of accounts receivable. if the company expects the financial condition of the company's customers to deteriorate based on current conditions or reasonable and supportable forecasts, additional allowances may be required. a 10% change in the company's allowance for discounts, returns, claims and doubtful accounts would have affected net earnings by approximately $6 million for the year ended december 31, 2021.
•inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market (net realizable value). inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market (net realizable value). cost has been determined using the first-in first-out method ("fifo"). costs included in inventory include raw materials, direct and indirect labor and employee benefits, depreciation, general manufacturing overhead and various other costs of manufacturing. market, with respect to all inventories, is replacement cost or net realizable value. inventories on hand are compared against anticipated future usage, which is a function of historical usage, anticipated future selling price, expected sales below cost, excessive quantities and an evaluation for obsolescence. actual results could differ from assumptions used to value obsolete inventory, excessive inventory or inventory expected to be sold below cost, and a 10% change in the company's assumptions for excess or obsolete inventory would have affected net earnings by approximately $13 million for the year ended december 31, 2021.
•acquisition accounting. the fair value of the consideration the company pays for each new acquisition is allocated to tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets, liabilities assumed, any noncontrolling interest in the acquired entity and goodwill.  the accounting for acquisitions involves a considerable amount of judgment and estimate, including the fair value of certain forms of consideration; fair value of acquired intangible assets involving projections of future revenues and cash flows that are then either discounted at an estimated discount rate or measured at an estimated royalty rate; fair value of other acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including potential contingencies; and the useful lives of the acquired assets. the assumptions used are determined at the time of the acquisition in accordance with accepted valuation models.  projections are developed using internal forecasts, available industry and market data and estimates of long-term rates of growth for the business. the impact of prior or future acquisitions on the company's financial position or results of operations may be materially impacted by the change in or initial selection of assumptions and estimates.  see note 2, acquisitions included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further discussion of business combination accounting valuation methodology and assumptions.
•goodwill and other intangibles. goodwill is tested annually for impairment in the fourth quarter or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events or substantive changes in circumstances. the company considers the relationship between its market capitalization and its book value, among other factors, when reviewing for indicators of impairment. the goodwill impairment tests are based on determining the fair value of the specified reporting units based on management judgments and assumptions using the discounted cash flows and comparable company market valuation approaches. the company has identified global ceramic, flooring na and flooring row as its reporting units for the purposes of allocating goodwill and intangibles as well as assessing impairments. the valuation approaches are subject to key judgments and assumptions that are sensitive to change such as judgments and assumptions about appropriate sales growth rates, operating margins, weighted average cost of capital ("wacc"), and comparable company market multiples. when developing these key judgments and assumptions, the company considers economic, operational and market conditions that could impact the fair value of the reporting unit. however, estimates are inherently uncertain and represent only management's reasonable expectations regarding future developments. these estimates and the judgments and assumptions upon which the estimates are based will, in all likelihood, differ in some respects from actual future results. should a significant or prolonged deterioration in economic conditions occur, such as declines in spending for new construction, remodeling and replacement activities; the inability to pass increases in the costs of raw materials and fuel on to customers; or a decline in comparable company market multiples, then key judgments and assumptions could be impacted. generally, a decline in estimated after tax cash flows greater than approximately 24% to 43% or a percentage increase of approximately 22% to 60% in wacc or a significant or prolonged decline in market capitalization could result in an additional indication of impairment.
index to financial statements the impairment test for intangible assets not subject to amortization involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying value. if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. significant judgments inherent in this analysis include assumptions about appropriate sales growth rates, royalty rates, wacc and the amount of expected future cash flows. these judgments and assumptions are subject to the variability discussed above.
the impairment evaluation for indefinite lived intangible assets, which for the company are its trademarks, is conducted on the first day of the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset might be impaired. the determination of fair value used in the impairment evaluation is based on discounted estimates of future sales projections attributable to ownership of the trademarks. significant judgments inherent in this analysis include assumptions about appropriate sales growth rates, royalty rates, wacc and the amount of expected future cash flows. the judgments and assumptions used in the estimate of fair value are generally consistent with past performance and are also consistent with the projections and assumptions that are used in operating plans. such assumptions are subject to change as a result of changing economic and competitive conditions. the determination of fair value is highly sensitive to differences between estimated and actual cash flows and changes in the related discount rate used to evaluate the fair value of the trademarks. estimated cash flows are sensitive to changes in the economy among other things.
the company reviews its long-lived asset groups, which include intangible assets subject to amortization, which for the company are its patents and customer relationships, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such asset groups may not be recoverable. recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of long-lived assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by these asset groups. if such asset groups are considered to be impaired, the impairment recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds the fair value of the asset group. assets held for sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less estimated costs of disposal and are no longer depreciated.
the company conducted its annual assessment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles on the first day of the fourth quarter and no impairment was indicated for 2021. while the company has concluded that neither goodwill nor any of its indefinite-lived intangible assets were impaired during the year ended december 31, 2021, a prolonged pandemic could impact the company's assumptions utilized in the determination of the estimated fair values of the company's reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets significantly enough to trigger an impairment.
•income taxes. the company's effective tax rate is based on its income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the jurisdictions in which it operates. tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in determining the company's tax expense and in evaluating the company's tax positions. deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in a future period. the company evaluates the recoverability of these future tax benefits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. these sources of income inherently rely on estimates, including business forecasts and other projections of financial results over an extended period of time. in the event that the company is not able to realize all or a portion of its deferred tax assets in the future, a valuation allowance is provided. the company would recognize such amounts through a charge to income in the period in which that determination is made or when tax law changes are enacted. for further information regarding the company's valuation allowances, see note 15, income taxes included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
in the ordinary course of business there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying the company's income tax positions. the company assesses its income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon the company's evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available as of the reporting date. for those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, the company has recorded the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information, as required by the provisions of the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") fasb accounting standards codification topic ("asc") 740-10. for those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements. for further information regarding the company's uncertain tax positions, see note 15, income taxes included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
index to financial statements
•environmental and legal accruals. environmental and legal accruals are estimates based on judgments made by the company relating to ongoing environmental and legal proceedings, as disclosed in the company's consolidated financial statements. in determining whether a liability is probable and reasonably estimable, the company consults with its internal experts. the company believes that the amounts recorded in the accompanying financial statements are based on the best estimates and judgments available to it.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1(y), "summary of significant accounting policies", of the company's accompanying audited consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for a description of recent accounting pronouncements including the dates, or expected dates of adoption, and effects, or expected effects, on the company's disclosures, results of operations and financial condition.
impact of inflation inflation affects the company's manufacturing costs, distribution costs and operating expenses. the company expects raw material prices, many of which are petroleum-based, to fluctuate based upon worldwide supply and demand of commodities utilized in the company's production processes. although the company attempts to pass on increases in raw material, labor, energy and fuel-related costs to its customers, the company's ability to do so is dependent upon the rate and magnitude of any increase, competitive pressures and market conditions for the company's products. there have been in the past, and may be in the future, periods of time during which increases in these costs cannot be fully recovered. in the past, the company has often been able to enhance productivity and develop new product innovations to help offset increases in costs resulting from inflation in its operations.
seasonality the company is a calendar year-end company. with respect to its global ceramic segment, the second quarter typically sees higher net sales, followed by the third and first quarters, while the fourth quarter shows weaker net sales. for the segment's operating income, generally, the second quarter shows stronger earnings, followed by third and first quarters, and the fourth quarter shows weaker earnings. the flooring na segment's second quarter typically produces higher net sales followed by moderate third and fourth quarters, and a weaker first quarter. for the segment's operating income, historically, the third quarter shows stronger earnings, followed by second and fourth quarters, and a weaker first quarter. the flooring row segment's second quarter historically typically produces higher net sales followed by moderate fourth and third quarters, and a weaker first quarter. for the segment's operating income, generally, the second quarter shows stronger earnings, followed by first and third quarters, and the fourth quarter shows weaker earnings.
the covid-19 pandemic has created significant volatility in the global economy and has led to unpredictable economic activity and impacted the supply chain for raw materials and sourced finished goods. the company expects the impact of the covid-19 pandemic to continue to impact normal seasonality trends into 2022, but the extent and duration of such impact cannot be predicted.
index to financial statements
