item 1a. risk factors risks relating to our business the industry for relationship technologies is competitive, with low switching costs and a consistent stream of new services and entrants, and innovation by our competitors may disrupt our business.
the industry for relationship technologies is competitive, with a consistent stream of new services and entrants. some of our competitors may enjoy better competitive positions in certain geographical regions, user demographics or other key areas that we currently serve or may serve in the future. these advantages could enable these competitors to offer services that are more appealing to users and potential users than our services or to respond more quickly and/or cost-effectively than us to new or changing opportunities.
in addition, within the industry for relationship technologies generally, costs for consumers to switch between services are low, and consumers have a propensity to try new approaches to connecting with people and to use multiple services at the same time. as a result, new services, entrants, and business models are likely to continue to emerge. it is possible that a new service could gain rapid scale at the expense of existing brands through harnessing a new technology or a new or existing distribution channel, creating a new or different approach to connecting people or some other means.
potential competitors include larger companies that could devote greater resources to the promotion or marketing of their services, take advantage of acquisition or other opportunities more readily or develop and expand their services more quickly than we do. potential competitors also include established social media companies that may develop features or services that may compete with ours or operators of mobile operating systems and app stores. for example, facebook has introduced a dating feature on its platform, which it has rolled out globally and has grown dramatically in size supported by facebook's massive worldwide user footprint. these social media and mobile platform competitors could use strong or dominant positions in one or more markets, and ready access to existing large pools of potential users and personal information regarding those users, to gain competitive advantages over us, including by offering different features or services that users may prefer or offering their services to users at no charge, which may enable them to acquire and engage users at the expense of our user growth or engagement.
if we are not able to compete effectively against our current or future competitors and services that may emerge, the size and level of engagement of our user base may decrease, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the limited operating history of our newer brands and services makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects.
we seek to tailor each of our brands and services to meet the preferences of specific communities of users. building a given brand or service is generally an iterative process that occurs over a meaningful period of time and involves considerable resources and expenditures. although certain of our newer brands and services have experienced significant growth over relatively short periods of time, the historical growth rates of these brands and services may not be an indication of future growth rates for such services or our newer brands and services generally. we have encountered, and may continue to encounter, risks and difficulties as we build our newer brands and services. the failure to successfully scale these brands and services and address these risks and difficulties could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our growth and profitability rely, in part, on our ability to attract and retain users through cost-effective marketing efforts. any failure in these efforts could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
attracting and retaining users for our services involve considerable expenditures for online and offline marketing. historically, we have had to increase our marketing expenditures over time in order to attract and retain users and sustain our growth.
evolving consumer behavior can affect the availability of profitable marketing opportunities. for example, as traditional television viewership declines and as consumers spend more time on mobile devices rather than desktop computers, the reach of many of our traditional advertising channels continues to contract. similarly, as consumers communicate less via email and more via text messaging, messaging apps and other virtual means, the reach of email campaigns designed to attract new and repeat users (and retain current users) for our services is adversely impacted. additionally, recent and future changes by large tech platforms, such as apple and google, to advertisers' ability to access and use unique advertising identifiers, cookies and other information to acquire potential users, such as apple's new rules regarding the collection and use of identifiers for advertising ("idfa"), have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our advertising efforts. to continue to reach potential users and grow our businesses, we must identify and devote more of our overall marketing expenditures to newer advertising channels, such as mobile and online video platforms. generally, the opportunities in and sophistication of newer advertising channels and methods continue to be less developed, proven and precise, making it more difficult to assess returns on investment associated with our advertising efforts and to cost-effectively identify potential users. there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to appropriately manage our marketing efforts in response to these and other trends in the advertising industry. any failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our business and results of operations have been and may continue to be adversely affected by the recent covid-19 outbreak or other similar outbreaks.
our business could be materially and adversely affected by the outbreak of a widespread health epidemic or pandemic, including the coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic. the covid-19 pandemic has reached across the globe, resulting in the implementation of significant governmental measures intended to control the spread of the virus, including lockdowns, closures, quarantines, and travel bans, as well as changes in consumer behavior as individuals have become reluctant to engage in social activities with people outside their households. while some of these measures have been relaxed in certain parts of the world, ongoing and future prevention and mitigation measures, as well as the potential for some of these measures to be reinstituted in the event of repeat waves of the virus, have had and are likely to continue to have an adverse impact on global economic conditions and consumer confidence and spending, and could materially adversely affect demand, or users' ability to pay, for our services.
a public health epidemic, including covid-19, poses the risk that match group or its employees, contractors, vendors, and other business partners may be prevented or impaired from conducting ordinary course business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to shutdowns necessitated for the health and wellbeing of our employees, the employees of business partners, or shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. for example, early on in the pandemic, certain of our customer support vendors were impacted by government mandated shutdowns which adversely impacted the capability of the affected brands to respond timely and effectively to user inquiries and requests. in addition, in response to the covid-19 outbreak, we have taken several precautions that may adversely impact employee productivity, such as continuing to allow employees to work remotely, imposing travel restrictions, and ongoing closures of office locations.
the ultimate extent of the impact of any epidemic, pandemic, or other health crisis on our business will depend on multiple factors that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including its severity, location and duration, and actions taken to contain or prevent further its spread. additionally, the covid-19 pandemic could increase the magnitude of many of the other risks described in this annual report, and have other adverse effects on our operations that we are not currently able to predict. if our business and the markets in which we operate experience a prolonged occurrence of adverse public health conditions, such as covid-19, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. see "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-trends affecting our business-impacts of the coronavirus."
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our results of operations.
we operate in various international markets, including jurisdictions within the european union (which we refer to as the "eu") and asia. during periods of a strengthening u.s. dollar, our international revenues will be reduced when translated into u.s. dollars. in addition, as foreign currency exchange rates fluctuate, the translation of our international revenues into u.s. dollar-denominated operating results affects the period-over-period comparability of such results and can result in foreign currency exchange gains and losses.
the departure of the united kingdom from the european union, commonly referred to as "brexit," has caused, and may continue to cause, volatility in currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and the british pound and the full impact of brexit remains uncertain. see ''item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-principles of financial reporting-effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on revenue," and item 7a-quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-foreign currency exchange risk."
distribution and marketing of, and access to, our services relies, in significant part, on a variety of third-party platforms, in particular, mobile app stores. if these third parties limit, prohibit, or otherwise interfere with features or services or change their policies in any material way, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we market and distribute our services (including related mobile applications) through a variety of third-party distribution channels, including facebook, which has rolled out its own dating service. our ability to market our brands on any given property or channel is subject to the policies of the relevant third party. certain platforms and channels have, from time to time, limited or prohibited advertisements for our services for a variety of reasons, including poor behavior by other industry participants. there is no assurance that we will not be limited or prohibited from using certain marketing channels in the future. if this were to happen with a significant marketing channel and/or for a significant period of time, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
additionally, our mobile applications are almost exclusively accessed through the apple app store and google play store. both apple and google have broad discretion to change their policies regarding their mobile operating systems and app stores in ways that may limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with our ability to distribute or market our applications through their stores, our ability to update our applications, including to make bug fixes or other feature updates or upgrades, the features we provide, our ability to access native functionality or other aspects of mobile devices, and our ability to access information about our users that they collect. to the extent either or both of them do so, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. for example, apple made changes to its policy on the processing of apple's idfa, requiring app users to opt in before their idfa can be accessed by an app. as a consequence, the ability of advertisers to accurately target and measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns at the user level has been limited and we and other app developers have experienced increased cost per registration. additionally, apple and google are known to retaliate against app developers who publicly or privately challenge their app store rules and policies, and such retaliation has and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the success of our services will depend, in part, on our ability to access, collect, and use personal data about our users and subscribers.
we rely on the apple app store and google play store to distribute and monetize our mobile applications. our users and subscribers engage with these platforms directly and may be subject to requirements regarding the use of their payment systems for various transactions. as a result of this disintermediation, these platforms receive and do not share with us key user data that we would otherwise receive if we transacted with our users and subscribers directly. if these platforms continue to or increasingly limit, eliminate, or otherwise interfere with our ability to access, collect, and use key user data, our ability to identify and communicate with a meaningful portion of our user and subscriber bases and provide services to help keep our users safe may be adversely impacted. if so, our customer relationship management efforts, our ability to reach new segments of our user and subscriber bases and the population generally, the efficiency of our paid marketing efforts, the rates we are able to charge advertisers seeking to reach users and subscribers on our various properties, our ability to comply with applicable law, and our ability to identify and exclude users and subscribers whose access would violate applicable terms and conditions, including underage individuals and bad actors, may be negatively impacted, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
as the distribution of our services through app stores increases, in order to maintain our profit margins, we may need to offset increasing app store fees by decreasing traditional marketing expenditures, increasing user volume, or monetization per user or by engaging in other efforts to increase revenue or decrease costs generally, or our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we rely on the apple app store and the google play store to distribute and monetize our mobile applications and related in-app services. while our mobile applications are generally free to download from these stores, we offer our users the opportunity to purchase subscriptions and certain à la carte features within these applications. we determine the prices at which these subscriptions and features are sold; however, purchases of these subscriptions and features via our mobile applications are required to be processed through the in-app payment systems provided by apple and google. due to these requirements, we pay apple and google, as applicable, a meaningful share (generally 30%) of the revenue we receive from these transactions (google reduced its in-app purchase fees for subscription payments to 15% as of january 1, 2022). while we are constantly innovating on and creating our own payment systems and methods, given the ever increasing distribution of our services through app stores and the strict mandates to use the in-app payments systems tied into apple's and google's app stores, we may need to offset these increased app store fees by decreasing traditional marketing expenditures as a percentage of revenue, increasing user volume or monetization per user, or by engaging in other efforts to increase revenue or decrease costs generally, or our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. google announced that it will require all developers to process all in-app purchases of subscriptions and features entirely through their in-app payment system beginning on march 31, 2022, instead of the original date announced by google of september 30, 2021. to date, google has not enforced such a requirement, but if google does so, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. see "item 1-business-dependencies on services provided by others-app stores."
we depend on our key personnel.
our future success will depend upon our continued ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled individuals across the globe, with the continued contributions of our senior management being especially critical to our success. competition for well-qualified employees across match group and its various businesses is intense and our continued ability to compete effectively depends, in part, upon our ability to attract new employees. effective succession planning is also important to our future success. if we fail to ensure the effective transfer of senior management knowledge and smooth transitions involving senior management across our various businesses, our ability to execute short and long term strategic, financial, and operating goals, as well as our business, financial condition, and results of operations generally, could be adversely affected.
our success depends, in part, on the integrity of our systems and infrastructures and on our ability to enhance, expand, and adapt these systems and infrastructures in a timely and cost-effective manner.
to succeed, our systems and infrastructures must perform well on a consistent basis. we have experienced and may from time to time, experience system interruptions that make some or all of our systems or data unavailable and prevent our services from functioning properly for our users. any such interruption could arise for any number of reasons. further, our systems and infrastructures are vulnerable to damage from fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, acts of god, and similar events. while we have backup systems in place for certain aspects of our operations, not all of our systems and infrastructures are fully redundant, disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for all eventualities and our property and business interruption insurance coverage may not be adequate to fully compensate us for any losses that we may suffer. any interruptions or outages, regardless of the cause, could negatively impact our users' experiences with our platforms, tarnish our brands' reputations, and decrease demand for our services, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we also continually work to expand and enhance the efficiency and scalability of our technology and network systems to improve the experience of our users, accommodate substantial increases in the volume of traffic to our various platforms, ensure acceptable load times for our services, and keep up with changes in technology and user preferences. any failure to do so in a timely and cost-effective manner could adversely affect our users' experience with our various services and thereby negatively impact the demand for our services, and could increase our costs, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we may not be able to protect our systems and infrastructure from cyberattacks and may be adversely affected by cyberattacks experienced by third parties.
we are regularly under attack by perpetrators of random or targeted malicious technology-related events, such as cyberattacks, computer viruses, worms, bot attacks or other destructive or disruptive software, distributed denial of service attacks, and attempts to misappropriate customer information, including personal user data, credit card information, and account login credentials. while we have invested (and continue to invest) in the protection of our systems and infrastructure, in related personnel and training and in employing a data minimization strategy, where appropriate, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent significant breaches in our systems or other such events from occurring. some of our systems have experienced past security incidents, and, although they did not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, there can be no assurance of a similar result in the future. any cyber or similar attack we are unable to protect ourselves against could damage our systems and infrastructure, prevent us from providing our services, tarnish our brand reputation, result in the disclosure of confidential or sensitive information of our users, and/or be costly to remedy, as well as subject us to investigations by regulatory authorities and/or litigation that could result in liability to third parties.
the impact of cyber or similar attacks experienced by third parties who provide services to us or otherwise process data on our behalf could have a similar effect on us. moreover, even cyber or similar attacks that do not directly affect us or our third party service providers or data processors may result in widespread access to user account login credentials that such users have used across multiple internet sites, including our sites, or a loss of consumer confidence generally, which could make users less likely to use or continue to use online services generally, including our services. the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our success depends, in part, on the integrity of third-party systems and infrastructure.
we rely on third parties, primarily data center and cloud-based, hosted web service providers, such as amazon web services, as well as third party computer systems, broadband and other communications systems, and service providers, in connection with the provision of our services generally, as well as to facilitate and process certain transactions with our users. we have no control over any of these third parties or their operations. any changes in service levels at our data centers or hosted web service providers or any interruptions, outages, or delays in our systems or those of our third party providers, deterioration in the performance of these systems, or cyber or similar attacks on these systems could impair our ability to provide our services or process transactions with our users, which would adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. see "item 1-business-dependencies on services provided by others-cloud and other services."
if the security of personal and confidential or sensitive user information that we maintain and store is breached or otherwise accessed by unauthorized persons, it may be costly to mitigate the impact of such an event and our reputation could be harmed.
we receive, process, store, and transmit a significant amount of personal user and other confidential or sensitive information, including credit card information and user-to-user communications, and enable our users to share their personal information with each other. in some cases, we engage third party service providers to store this information. we continuously develop and maintain systems to protect the security, integrity, and confidentiality of this information, but we have experienced past incidents and cannot guarantee that inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure will not occur in the future or that third parties will not gain unauthorized access to this information despite our efforts. when such events occur, we may not be able to remedy them, be required by law to notify regulators and individuals whose personal information was used or disclosed without authorization, be subject to claims against us, including government enforcement actions, fines and litigation, and have to expend significant capital and other resources to mitigate the impact of such events, including developing and implementing protections to prevent future events of this nature from occurring. when breaches of security (or the security of our service providers) occur, the perception of the effectiveness of our security measures, the security measures of our service providers, and our reputation may be harmed, we may lose current and potential users and our various brands' reputation and competitive positions may be tarnished, any or all of which might adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our business is subject to complex and evolving u.s. and international laws and regulations, including with respect to data privacy and platform liability. these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in changes to our business practices, increased cost of operations, declines in user growth or engagement, claims, monetary penalties, or otherwise harm our business.
we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the united states and abroad that involve matters that are important to or may otherwise impact our business. see "item 1-business-government regulation." these u.s. federal, state, and municipal and foreign laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and subject to change. as a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the rapidly evolving industry in which we operate, and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from state to state and country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. these laws and regulations, as well as any associated inquiries, investigations or other government actions, may be costly to comply with and may delay or impede the development of new services, require changes to or cessation of certain business practices, result in negative publicity, increase our operating costs, require significant management time and attention, and subject us to remedies that may harm our business, including fines or modifications to existing business practices.
in the case of tax laws, positions that we have taken or will take are subject to interpretation by the relevant taxing authorities. while we believe that the positions we have taken to date comply with applicable law, there can be no assurances that the relevant taxing authorities will not take a contrary position, and if so, that such positions will not adversely affect us. any events of this nature could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
proposed or new legislation and regulations could also adversely affect our business. see "item 1-business-government regulation." to the extent such new or more stringent measures are required to be implemented, impose new liability or limit or remove existing protections, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
the adoption of any laws or regulations that adversely affect the popularity or growth in use of the internet or our services, including laws or regulations that undermine open and neutrally administered internet access, could decrease user demand for our service offerings and increase our cost of doing business. for example, in december 2017, the federal communications commission adopted an order reversing net neutrality protections in the united states, including the repeal of specific rules against blocking, throttling or "paid prioritization" of content or services by internet service providers. to the extent internet service providers engage in such blocking, throttling, "paid prioritization" of content, or similar actions as a result of this order and the adoption of similar laws or regulations, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we are subject to a number of risks related to credit card payments, including data security breaches and fraud that we or third parties experience, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we accept payment from our users primarily through credit card transactions and certain online payment service providers. when we or a third party experiences a data security breach involving credit card information, affected cardholders will often cancel their credit cards. in the case of a breach experienced by a third party, the more sizable the third party's customer base and the greater the number of credit card accounts impacted, the more likely it is that our users would be impacted by such a breach. to the extent our users are affected by such a breach experienced by us or a third party, such users would need to be contacted to obtain new credit card information and process any pending transactions. it is likely that we would not be able to reach all affected users, and even if we could, some users' new credit card information may not be obtained and some pending transactions may not be processed, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
even if our users are not directly impacted by a given data security breach, they may lose confidence in the ability of service providers to protect their personal information generally, which could cause them to stop using their credit cards online or choose alternative payment methods that are less convenient or more costly for us or otherwise restrict our ability to process payments without significant user effort.
additionally, if we fail to adequately prevent fraudulent credit card transactions, we may face litigation, fines, governmental enforcement action, civil liability, diminished public perception of our security measures, significantly higher credit card-related and remediation costs, or refusal by credit card processors to continue to process payments on our behalf, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
inappropriate actions by certain of our users could be attributed to us and damage our brands' reputations, which in turn could adversely affect our business.
users of our services have been, and may in the future be, physically, financially, emotionally, or otherwise harmed by other individuals that such users met or may meet through the use of one of our services. when one or more of our users suffers or alleges to have suffered any such harm, we have in the past, and could in the future, experience negative publicity or legal action that could damage our reputation and our brands. similar events affecting users of our competitors' services have in the past, and could in the future, result in negative publicity for the dating industry generally, which could in turn negatively affect our business.
in addition, the reputations of our brands may be adversely affected by the actions of our users that are deemed to be hostile, offensive, defamatory, inappropriate, untrue, or unlawful. while we have systems and processes in place that aim to monitor and review the appropriateness of the content accessible through our services, and have adopted policies regarding illegal, offensive, or inappropriate use of our services, our users have in the past, and could in the future, nonetheless engage in activities that violate our policies. these safeguards may not be sufficient to avoid harm to our reputation and brands, especially if such hostile, offensive, or inappropriate use is well-publicized.
we may fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties.
we rely heavily upon our trademarks and related domain names and logos to market our brands and to build and maintain brand loyalty and recognition. we also rely upon patented and patent-pending proprietary technologies and trade secrets relating to our services.
we rely on a combination of laws, and contractual restrictions with employees, customers, suppliers, and others, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. for example, we have generally registered and continue to apply to register and renew, or secure by contract where appropriate, trademarks and service marks as they are developed and used, and reserve, register, and renew domain names as we deem appropriate. effective trademark protection may not be available or sought in every country in which our services are made available, and contractual disputes may affect the use of marks governed by private contract. similarly, not every variation of a domain name may be available or registered, even if available.
we generally seek to apply for patents or other similar statutory protections as and when we deem appropriate, based on then-current facts and circumstances, and will continue to do so in the future. no assurances can be given that any patent application we have filed or will file will result in a patent being issued, or that any existing or future patents will afford adequate protection against competitors and similar technologies. in addition, no assurances can be given that third parties will not create new products or methods that achieve similar results without infringing upon patents we own.
despite these measures, our intellectual property rights may still not be protected in a meaningful manner, challenges to contractual rights could arise, third parties could copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property without authorization, our existing trademarks, patents, or trade secrets may be determined to be invalid or unenforceable, or laws and interpretations of laws regarding the enforceability of existing intellectual property rights may change over time in a manner that provides less protection. the occurrence of any of these events could tarnish of our brands' reputation, limit our ability to market them, or impede our ability to effectively compete against competitors with similar technologies, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
from time to time, we have been subject to legal proceedings and claims, including claims of alleged infringement of trademarks, copyrights, patents, and other intellectual property rights held by third parties. in addition, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, and patents or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. for example, in 2021, we settled patent and trademark infringement litigation against muzmatch, and settled with several other infringers outside of litigation. any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we operate in various international markets, including certain markets in which we have limited experience. as a result, we face additional risks in connection with certain of our international operations.
operating internationally, particularly in countries in which we have limited experience, exposes us to a number of risks in addition to those otherwise described in this annual report, such as:
•operational and compliance challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences;
•difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;
•differing levels of social and technological acceptance of our services or lack of acceptance of them generally;
•differing and potentially adverse tax laws;
•compliance challenges due to different laws and regulatory environments, particularly in the case of privacy, data security, intermediary or platform liability, and consumer protection;
•competitive environments that favor local businesses or local knowledge of such environments;
•limitations on the level of intellectual property protection; and
•trade sanctions, political unrest, terrorism, war, and epidemics or the threat of any of these events (such as covid-19).
the occurrence of any or all of the events described above could adversely affect our international operations, which could in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we may experience operational and financial risks in connection with acquisitions.
we have made acquisitions in the past, including our acquisition of hyperconnect in june 2021, and continue to seek potential acquisition candidates. we may experience operational and financial risks in connection with historical and future acquisitions if we are unable to:
•properly value prospective acquisitions, especially those with limited operating histories;
•fully identify potential risks and liabilities associated with acquired businesses;
•successfully integrate the operations and accounting, financial controls, management information, technology, human resources, and other administrative systems, of the acquired businesses with our existing operations and systems;
•retain or hire senior management and other key personnel at acquired businesses; and
•successfully support the acquired businesses in executing on strategic plans, including expansion into geographies where we have presence and experience.
furthermore, we may not be successful in addressing other challenges encountered in connection with our acquisitions and the anticipated benefits of one or more of our acquisitions may not be realized. in addition, such acquisitions can result in material diversion of management's attention or other resources from our existing businesses. the occurrence of any these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are subject to litigation, and adverse outcomes in such litigation could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
we are, and from time to time may become, subject to litigation and various legal proceedings, including litigation and proceedings related to employment matters, intellectual property matters, privacy and consumer protection laws, as well as stockholder derivative suits, class action lawsuits, mass arbitrations, and other matters, that involve claims for substantial amounts of money or for other relief, results in significant costs for legal representation, arbitration fees, or other legal or related services, or that might necessitate changes to our business or operations. the defense of these actions is time consuming and expensive. we evaluate these litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. based on these assessments and estimates, we may establish reserves and/or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings, as and when required or appropriate. these assessments and estimates are based on information available to management at the time of such assessment or estimation and involve a significant amount of judgment. as a result, actual outcomes or losses could differ materially from those envisioned by our current assessments and estimates. our failure to successfully defend or settle any of these litigations or legal proceedings could result in liability that, to the extent not covered by our insurance, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. see "item 3-legal proceedings."
risks relating to our indebtedness our indebtedness may affect our ability to operate our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. we and our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness.
as of december 31, 2021, we had total debt outstanding of approximately $4.0 billion and borrowing availability of $749.6 million under our revolving credit facility.
our indebtedness could have important consequences, such as:
•limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund working capital needs, acquisitions, capital expenditures, or other debt service requirements or for other purposes;
•limiting our ability to use operating cash flow to pursue acquisitions or invest in other areas, such as developing new brands, services, or exploiting business opportunities;
•restricting our business operations due to financial and operating covenants in the agreements governing our and certain of our subsidiaries' existing and future indebtedness, including certain covenants that restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to us; and
•exposing us to potential events of default (if not cured or waived) under financial and operating covenants contained in our or our subsidiaries' debt instruments that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
although the terms of our credit agreement and the indentures related to our senior notes contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be significant. if new debt is added to our and our subsidiaries' current debt levels, the risks described above could increase.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness that may not be successful.
our ability to satisfy our debt obligations will depend upon, among other things:
•our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control; and
•our future ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility, the availability of which will depend on, among other things, our complying with the covenants in the then-existing agreements governing our indebtedness.
there can be no assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that we will be able to draw under our revolving credit facility or otherwise, in an amount sufficient to fund our liquidity needs.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to service our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. in addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives.
variable rate indebtedness that we have incurred or may incur under our credit agreement will subject us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly.
we currently have $425 million of indebtedness outstanding under our term loan and no outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit agreement. borrowings under term loan are, and any borrowings under the revolving credit facility will be, at variable rates of interest. indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates exposes us to interest rate risk. see "item 7a-quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-interest rate risk."
exchange of the exchangeable notes may dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock.
we are obligated as a guarantor under the indentures relating to the exchangeable notes. the exchange of some or all of the exchangeable notes may dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders to the extent we deliver shares of our common stock upon exchange. while the exchangeable note hedges are expected to reduce the potential dilutive effect on our common stock upon any exchange and/or offset any cash payment the issuers of the exchangeable notes would be required to make in excess of the principal amount of the exchanged notes, the warrants have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the strike price of the warrants. any sales in the public market of our common stock issuable upon such exchange could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. in addition, the existence of the exchangeable notes may encourage short selling of our common stock by market participants because the exchange of the exchangeable notes could be used to satisfy short positions. in addition, the anticipated exchange of the exchangeable notes could depress the price of our common stock.
risks relating to the separation we may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve through the separation.
we believe that the intended strategic and financial benefits of the separation should be achieved. however, there can be no assurance of this or that we will be able to attract transaction partners using our capital stock as acquisition currency and that analysts and investors will regard our new corporate structure as more clear and simple than our former corporate structure.
if the transactions effected in connection with the separation were to fail to qualify as generally tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes, we and our stockholders could suffer material adverse consequences.
following the completion of the separation and the merger of former match group into a wholly-owned subsidiary ("merger sub") of former iac (the "merger"), former match group's successor became a wholly-owned subsidiary of match group and most of former iac's existing other subsidiaries came to be held under a separate public company. former iac and iac received opinions from outside counsel that the separation and related transactions taken together, and the merger, were tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes. these opinions were based upon and rely on various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations and undertakings of former iac, former match group, iac, and match group, including relating to the past and future conduct of former iac, former match group, iac, and match group. if any of these representations or undertakings is, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, or if any of the representations or covenants contained in any of the transaction-related agreements or in any document relating to the opinions of counsel is, or becomes, inaccurate or is not complied with by former iac, former match group, iac, match group, or any of their respective subsidiaries, the opinions of counsel may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized.
notwithstanding receipt of the opinions of counsel regarding the transactions, the u.s. internal revenue service ("irs") could determine that some or all of the transactions effected in connection with the separation should be treated as taxable for u.s. federal income tax purposes if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions, or undertakings upon which the opinions of counsel were based are inaccurate or have not been complied with. moreover, even if the foregoing representations, assumptions, or undertakings are accurate and have been complied with, the opinions of counsel merely represent the judgment of such counsel and are not binding on the irs or any court, and the irs or a court may disagree with the conclusions in the opinions of counsel. accordingly, there can be no assurance that the irs will not assert that the transactions effected in connection with the separation do not qualify for tax-free treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. in the event the irs were to prevail with such a challenge, parties to the separation, including match group could be subject to tax with respect to the separation.
for example, if the transactions effected in connection with the separation were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the internal revenue code of 1986 (as amended, the "code"), in general, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, we would recognize a taxable gain as if the distribution of new iac stock in connection with the separation had been sold in a taxable sale for its fair market value. even if the transactions effected in connection with the separation were to otherwise qualify as a tax-free transaction under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code, taxable gain may be triggered under section 355(e) of the code if the transactions effected in connection with the separation were, or later transactions are, deemed to be part of a plan (or series of related transactions) pursuant to which one or more persons acquire, directly or indirectly, shares representing a 50 percent or greater interest (by vote or value) in us or iac. for this purpose, any acquisitions of (i) former iac stock or former match group stock before the separation or (ii) iac stock or match group stock within the period beginning two years before the separation and ending two years after the separation are presumed to be part of such a plan, although we or iac may be able to rebut that presumption.
in addition to potential tax liabilities relating to former match group, we and our subsidiaries could be liable to satisfy any tax liabilities relating to former iac or iac with respect to the separation if their tax-free treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes were successfully challenged by the irs. while, in some cases, iac may be obligated under the tax matters agreement to indemnify us for some or all of such taxes, even in those cases, there is no assurance that they will in fact indemnify us.
in addition, if the merger were determined to be taxable for u.s. federal income tax purposes, we would be subject to tax on the transfer of the assets of former match to merger sub. if we or our subsidiaries were required to pay taxes imposed on us with respect to the separation, our cash flows would be adversely affected.
we may not be able to engage in desirable capital-raising or strategic transactions following the separation.
we believe we will generally be able to engage in desirable capital-raising or strategic transactions. however, under current u.s. federal income tax law, a distribution that otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment can be rendered taxable to the distributing corporation and its stockholders as a result of certain post-distribution transactions, including certain acquisitions of shares or assets of both the distributing corporation and the corporation the stock of which is distributed. to preserve the tax-free treatment of the transactions effected in connection with the separation, the tax matters agreement imposes certain restrictions on us and our subsidiaries during the two-year period following the separation. except in specific circumstances, we are generally restricted from (1) ceasing to actively conduct certain of our businesses; (2) entering into certain transactions or series of transactions pursuant to which all or a portion of our shares of common stock would be acquired, whether by merger or otherwise; (3) liquidating or merging or consolidating with any other person; (4) issuing equity securities beyond certain thresholds; (5) repurchasing shares of our common stock, other than in certain open-market transactions; or (6) taking or failing to take any other action that would cause the transactions effected in connection with the separation to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code. these restrictions may limit our ability to pursue certain equity issuances, strategic transactions, repurchases or other transactions that we may otherwise believe to be in the best interests of our stockholders or that might increase the value of our business.
actual or potential conflicts of interest may develop between our management and directors, on the one hand, and the management and directors of iac, on the other hand.
certain of our directors and executive officers and directors of iac own both match group common stock and iac common stock. this ownership overlap could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when match group's directors and iac's executive officers and directors face decisions that could have different implications for match group and iac. for example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between match group and iac regarding the terms of the agreements governing the separation and the relationship between match group and iac thereafter. potential conflicts of interest could also arise if match group and iac enter into any commercial arrangements in the future.
in addition, joseph levin serves as a director of match group while also serving as an executive officer of iac, and alan g. spoon serves as a director of each of match group and iac. we believe that having a limited number of senior iac management members serve on our board for a transitional period will be beneficial to us. however, the fact that messrs. levin and spoon hold positions with both match group and iac could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest for each of them when facing decisions that may affect both match group and iac, and each of them also faces conflicts of interest with regard to the allocation of his time between match group and iac.
our certificate of incorporation could prevent us from benefiting from corporate opportunities that might otherwise have been available to us.
our certificate of incorporation includes a "corporate opportunity" provision in which match group and its affiliates renounce any interests or expectancy in corporate opportunities which become known to any of match group's directors or officers who are also officers or directors of iac.
generally, match group's officers or directors who are also iac's officers or directors will not be liable to match group or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty because such person fails to communicate or offer to match group a corporate opportunity that has been communicated or offered to iac, that may also be a corporate opportunity of match group or because such person communicates or offers to iac any corporate opportunity that may also be a corporate opportunity of match group. in order for any match group director or officer who is also an iac director or officer not to be liable to match group or its stockholders, such opportunity cannot become known to the officer or director in his or her capacity as a match group director or officer and cannot be presented to any party other than iac. in addition, such officer or director cannot pursue such opportunity in his or her individual capacity. the corporate opportunity provision may exacerbate conflicts of interest between match group and iac because the provision effectively permits any of match group's directors or officers who also serve as an officer or director of iac to choose to direct a corporate opportunity to iac instead of to match group.
risks relating to ownership of our common stock you may experience dilution due to the issuance of additional securities in the future.
our dilutive securities consist of vested and unvested options to purchase shares of our common stock, restricted stock unit awards, equity awards denominated in the equity of our non-public subsidiaries but settleable in shares of our common stock, the exchangeable notes, and the exchangeable note warrants.
these dilutive securities are reflected in our dilutive earnings per share calculation contained in our financial statements for fiscal years ended december 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019. for more information, see "note 10-earnings per share" to the consolidated financial statements included in "part ii, item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data." intra-quarter movements in our stock price, could lead to more or less dilution than reflected in these calculations.
we do not expect to declare any regular cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
we have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock. instead, we anticipate that all of our future earnings will be retained to support our operations and to finance the growth and development of our business. we are not obligated to pay dividends on our common stock. consequently, investors may need to rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. investors seeking regular cash dividends should not purchase our common stock.
provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws or delaware law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock.
delaware corporate law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous, including provisions which:
•authorize the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock that our board of directors could issue to increase the number of outstanding shares and to discourage a takeover attempt;
•establish a classified board of directors, as a result of which our board is divided into three classes, with each class serving for staggered three-year terms, which prevents stockholders from electing an entirely new board of directors at an annual meeting;
•prohibit stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders;
•eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders;
•provide that certain litigation against us can be brought only in delaware (subject to certain exceptions); and
•provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, or repeal our bylaws.
any provision of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws or delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2021 developments on march 26, 2021, match group holdings ii, llc ("mg holdings ii"), amended its credit agreement to provide for a $400 million incremental "delayed draw" term loan facility ("delayed draw term loan"), the proceeds of which could be used only to finance a portion of the consideration for the acquisition of hyperconnect, inc. ("hyperconnect"). the delayed draw term loan was terminated effective june 18, 2021 according to its terms.
on june 17, 2021, match group completed the acquisition of hyperconnect. the purchase price was $1.75 billion, net of cash acquired. the acquisition was funded with cash on hand and the issuance of 5.9 million shares of match group common stock.
on october 4, 2021, mg holdings ii completed a private offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.625% senior notes. the proceeds from these notes were used to redeem a portion of the outstanding 2022 exchangeable notes, for general corporate purposes, and to pay expenses associated with the offering.
on october 4, 2021, we repurchased approximately $414 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 2022 exchangeable notes for approximately $1.5 billion, including accrued and unpaid interest on the repurchased notes, funded with:
i.net proceeds of $879.0 million from a registered direct offering to the holders of the 2022 exchangeable notes being repurchased of 5,534,098 shares of our common stock at a price of $158.83 per share;
ii.approximately $420 million of net proceeds from the 3.625% senior notes offering; and iii.net proceeds of approximately $201 million from the unwind of a proportionate amount of outstanding hedges and warrants corresponding to the 2022 exchangeable notes being repurchased.
in connection with these transactions, the statement of operations for the year ended december 31, 2021 reflects a loss of $14.5 million, included in other expense, net, primarily related to the change in fair value of the embedded derivative we recognized during the period between our entering into the various agreements on september 22, 2021 and settlement on october 4, 2021.
on december 1, 2021, we agreed to settle the pending, threatened, and potential claims at issue in rad, et al. v iac/interactivecorp, et al. and related arbitrations. under the terms of the agreement, match group agreed to pay the plaintiffs and claimants $441 million and plaintiffs and claimants agreed to dismiss all claims in trial and in arbitration. we expect to pay the settlement amount in 2022 utilizing cash on hand. the $441 million settlement is included in other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2021.
updated operating and financial metrics in 2021, we adjusted our key operating and financial data to provide better insight into the performance of our business. we are disclosing this data in three geographic areas-americas, europe, and apac and other.
additionally, rather than presenting average subscribers and average revenue per subscriber ("arpu"), we now present payers and revenue per payer ("rpp") (as defined below). unlike average subscribers, which included only users who purchase a subscription and were counted on a daily basis, payers include all users from whom we earn revenue (including those who make only à la carte purchases) and are counted as unique users in a given month. similarly, arpu was a daily metric and included direct revenue sourced from subscribers only, whereas rpp is a monthly metric and includes all direct revenue. we believe that payers and rpp, which account for non-subscriber users and the associated revenue, is more useful in evaluating the performance of our business.
we believe presenting direct revenue, payers, and rpp in three geographic regions enables investors to better understand our operating performance and is appropriate given our expanding global footprint. the new metrics also better account for the increasing à la carte revenue as a percentage of total revenue that the company earns and enhance comparability with our peers.
additionally, we have updated the title of our primary non-gaap measure to "adjusted operating income" from our previous title "adjusted ebitda." we believe this updated title better reflects how management views the non-gaap measure in relation to the closest gaap measure, operating income. the calculation of the non-gaap measure has not changed, and therefore the reconciliation of net income to operating income and to adjusted operating income have not changed. see "non-gaap financial measures" below for the full definition of adjusted operating income and a reconciliation of net earnings attributable to match group, inc. shareholders to operating income and adjusted operating income.
separation from iac on june 30, 2020, the companies formerly known as match group, inc. (referred to as "former match group") and iac/interactivecorp (referred to as "former iac") completed the separation of the company from iac through a series of transactions that resulted in two, separate public companies-(1) match group, which consists of the businesses of former match group and certain financing subsidiaries previously owned by former iac, and (2) iac, consisting of former iac's businesses other than match group (the "separation"). as part of the separation, former match group merged with and into mg holdings ii, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of match group, with mg holdings ii surviving the merger as an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of match group. as a result of the separation, the operations of former iac businesses other than match group are presented as discontinued operations.
for additional information relating to the separation and the related transactions and agreements, see "part i-item 1-business-separation of match group and iac" and "part i-item 1-business-relationship with iac after the separation."
key terms:
operating and financial metrics:
•americas includes north america, central america, south america, and the caribbean islands.
•europe includes continental europe, the british isles, iceland, greenland, and russia, but excludes turkey (which is included in apac and other).
•apac and other includes asia, australia, the pacific islands, the middle east, and africa.
•direct revenue is revenue that is received directly from end users of our products and includes both subscription and à la carte revenue.
•indirect revenue is revenue that is not received directly from an end user of our services, substantially all of which is advertising revenue.
•payers are unique users at a brand level in a given month from whom we earned direct revenue. when presented as a quarter-to-date or year-to-date value, payers represents the average of the monthly values for the respective period presented. at a consolidated level, duplicate payers may exist when we earn revenue from the same individual at multiple brands in a given month, as we are unable to identify unique individuals across brands in the match group portfolio.
•revenue per payer ("rpp") is the average monthly revenue earned from a payer and is direct revenue for a period divided by the payers in the period, further divided by the number of months in the period.
operating costs and expenses:
•cost of revenue - consists primarily of the amortization of in-app purchase fees, compensation expense (including stock-based compensation expense) and other employee-related costs for personnel engaged in data center and customer care functions, credit card processing fees, hosting fees, live video costs, and data center rent, energy, and bandwidth costs. in-app purchase fees are monies paid to apple and google in connection with the processing of in-app purchases of subscriptions and service features through the in-app payment systems provided by apple and google.
•selling and marketing expense - consists primarily of advertising expenditures and compensation expense (including stock-based compensation expense) and other employee-related costs for personnel engaged in selling and marketing, and sales support functions. advertising expenditures includes online marketing, including fees paid to search engines and social media sites, offline marketing (which is primarily television advertising), and payments to partners that direct traffic to our brands.
•general and administrative expense - consists primarily of compensation expense (including stock-based compensation expense) and other employee-related costs for personnel engaged in executive management, finance, legal, tax and human resources, acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments (described below), fees for professional services (including transaction-related costs for acquisitions), and facilities costs.
•product development expense - consists primarily of compensation expense (including stock-based compensation expense) and other employee-related costs that are not capitalized for personnel engaged in the design, development, testing, and enhancement of service offerings and related technology.
long-term debt:
•credit facility - the revolving credit facility under the credit agreement of mg holdings ii. at december 31, 2021, there was $0.4 million in outstanding letters of credit and $749.6 million of availability under the credit facility. as of december 31, 2020, there was $0.2 million in outstanding letters of credit and $749.8 million of availability under the credit facility.
•term loan - the term loan facility under the credit agreement of mg holdings ii. at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, the term loan bore interest at libor plus 1.75% and the then applicable rates were 1.91% and 1.96%, respectively. at december 31, 2021, $425 million was outstanding.
•6.375% senior notes - mg holdings ii's 6.375% senior notes, which were redeemed on june 11, 2020 with the proceeds from the 4.625% senior notes.
•5.00% senior notes - mg holdings ii's 5.00% senior notes due december 15, 2027, with interest payable each june 15 and december 15, which were issued on december 4, 2017. at december 31, 2021, $450 million aggregate principal amount was outstanding.
•4.625% senior notes - mg holdings ii's 4.625% senior notes due june 1, 2028, with interest payable each june 1 and december 1, which were issued on may 19, 2020. at december 31, 2021, $500 million aggregate principal amount was outstanding.
•5.625% senior notes - mg holdings ii's 5.625% senior notes due february 15, 2029, with interest payable each february 15 and august 15, which were issued on february 15, 2019. at december 31, 2021, $350 million aggregate principal amount was outstanding.
•4.125% senior notes - mg holdings ii's 4.125% senior notes due august 1, 2030, with interest payable each february 1 and august 1, which were issued on february 11, 2020. at december 31, 2021, $500 million aggregate principal amount was outstanding.
•3.625% senior notes - mg holdings ii's $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.625% senior notes due october 1, 2031, with interest payable each april 1 and october 1, commencing on april 1, 2022, which were issued on october 4, 2021. the proceeds were used to repurchase $414.0 million of the outstanding 2022 exchangeable notes, for general corporate purposes, and to pay expenses associated with the offering. at december 31, 2021, $500 million aggregate principal amount was outstanding.
•2022 exchangeable notes - during the third quarter of 2017, match group financeco, inc., a subsidiary of the company, issued $517.5 million aggregate principal amount of 0.875% exchangeable senior notes due october 1, 2022, which are exchangeable into shares of the company's common stock. interest is payable each april 1 and october 1. on october 4, 2021 we purchased $414.0 million aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 2022 exchangeable notes (as described above). during 2021, an additional $18.6 million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 exchangeable notes were presented for redemption, $3.0 million of which settled in the year ended december 31, 2021. the outstanding balance of the 2022 exchangeable notes at december 31, 2021 was $100.5 million and is presented as a current liability.
•2026 exchangeable notes - during the second quarter of 2019, match group financeco 2, inc., a subsidiary of the company, issued $575.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0.875% exchangeable senior notes due june 15, 2026, which are exchangeable into shares of the company's common stock. interest is payable each june 15 and december 15. the outstanding balance of the 2026 exchangeable notes at december 31, 2021 was $575 million.
•2030 exchangeable notes - during the second quarter of 2019, match group financeco 3, inc., a subsidiary of the company, issued $575.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.00% exchangeable senior notes due january 15, 2030, which are exchangeable into shares of the company's common stock. interest is payable each january 15 and july 15. the outstanding balance of the 2030 exchangeable notes at december 31, 2021 was $575 million.
non-gaap financial measure:
•adjusted operating income - is a non-gaap financial measure. see "non-gaap financial measures" for the definition of adjusted operating income and a reconciliation of net earnings attributable to match group, inc. shareholders to operating income and adjusted operating income.
management overview match group, inc., through its portfolio companies, is a leading provider of digital technologies designed to help people make meaningful connections. our global portfolio of brands includes tinder®, match®, hinge®, meetic®, okcupid®, pairstm, plentyoffish®, ourtime®, azar®, hakunatm live, and more, each built to increase our users' likelihood of connecting with others. through our trusted brands, we provide tailored services to meet the varying preferences of our users. our services are available in over 40 languages to our users all over the world.
as used herein, "match group," the "company," "we," "our," "us," and similar terms refer to match group, inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise.
sources of revenue all our services provide the use of certain features for free and then offer a variety of additional features through a subscription or, for certain features, on a pay-per-use, or à la carte, basis. our revenue is primarily derived directly from users in the form of recurring subscription fees and à la carte purchases.
subscription revenue is presented net of credits and credit card chargebacks. payers who purchase subscriptions or à la carte features pay in advance, primarily by using a credit card or through mobile app stores, and, subject to certain conditions identified in our terms and conditions, all purchases are final and nonrefundable. fees collected, or contractually due, in advance for subscriptions are deferred and recognized as revenue using the straight-line method over the term of the applicable subscription period, which primarily ranges from one to six months, and corresponding in-app purchase fees incurred on such transactions, if any, are deferred and expensed over the same period. revenue from the purchase of à la carte features is recognized based on usage. we also earn revenue from online advertising, which is recognized every time an ad is displayed.
trends affecting our business over the last several years, we have seen significant changes in our business. tinder has grown from incubation to the largest contributing brand in our portfolio with our more established brands returning to growth as well. this has allowed us to invest in or acquire brands such as hyperconnect and hinge and incubate new brands such as chispatm, blk®, and upward®, where we have seen initial growth and we expect to see additional growth opportunities into the future. with our evolving portfolio of brands, we have seen a number of significant trends in our business in recent years, including the following:
lower cost users. all of our brands rely on word-of-mouth, or free, user acquisition to varying degrees. word-of-mouth acquisition is typically a function of scale (with larger communities driving greater numbers of referrals), youthfulness (with the viral effect being more pronounced in younger populations due, in part, to a significantly higher concentration of people seeking connections in any given social circle and the increased adoption of social media and similar platforms among such populations), and monetization rate (with people generally more likely to talk openly about using technologies to meet people that are less heavily monetized). additionally, some, but not all, of our brands spend meaningfully on paid marketing. accordingly, the average amount we spend to acquire a user differs significantly across brands based in large part on each brand's mix of paid and free acquisition channels. as our mix has shifted toward younger users, our mix of acquisition channels has shifted toward lower cost channels, driving a decline over the past several years in the average amount we spend to acquire a new user across our portfolio. as a percentage of revenue, our costs of acquiring users have declined.
changing paid acquisition dynamics. even as our acquisition of lower cost users increases, paid acquisition of users remains an important driver of our business. the channels through which we market our brands are always evolving, but we are currently in a period of rapid change as tv and video consumption patterns evolve and internet consumption occurs regularly on mobile devices. as we adapt our paid marketing activities to maximize user engagement with our brands, we may increase our use of paid advertising at brands where we traditionally relied on word-of-mouth engagement to leverage these shifts in media consumption patterns and fuel international growth. other brands in our portfolio may reduce paid marketing activities to reflect the change in audience engagement.
in-app purchase fees. purchases made by our customers through mobile applications, as opposed to desktop or mobile web, continue to increase. purchases processed through the in-app payments systems provided by the apple app store and google play store are subject to in-app purchase fees, which are generally 30% of the purchase price (google reduced its in-app purchase fees for subscriptions to 15% as of january 1, 2022). as a result, the percentage of our revenues paid to apple and google continues to be a significant expense. in 2019, tinder began offering subscribers an alternative payment method to google's in-app payment system similar to the payment alternatives other brands in our portfolio have historically offered to subscribers through mobile apps on android. google has announced that beginning in march 2022, all purchases will be required to be processed through the google play store and subject to in-app purchase fees. to the extent that app stores fee change, or the mix of our revenue generated through app stores shifts, our results, in particular our profit measures, could be impacted.
the manner in which apple and google operate these services is being reviewed by legislative and regulatory bodies globally. notably, the republic of korea recently adopted legislation that prohibits apple and google from requiring that developers exclusively use apple and google to process payments. in the netherlands, the authority for consumers and markets found apple's requirement that online dating companies must exclusively use apple's in-app payment violates both dutch and european union law. multiple other jurisdictions, including the european union, united kingdom, russia, japan, and india are investigating, considering regulatory action or considering legislation to restrict or prohibit these practices. the united states congress, as well as a number of state legislatures, are also considering legislation that would regulate certain terms of the relationships between developers and apple and google and prohibit apple and google from requiring in-app payment processing.
increase in acceptance and growth of technologies to meet people globally. over the past decade, there has been meaningful growth in the usage of technologies to meet people in north america and western europe, and we see the potential for similar growth in the rest of the world in the years ahead. as more internet-connected people seeking connections utilize technologies to meet people and the stigma around using such technologies continues to erode, we believe that there is potential for accelerating growth in the use of these technologies globally.
increased consumption of video and live experiences. with more recent advances in technology, most notably live video, and with an increasing amount of time spent online, there are new ways that people want to meet and get to know one another that are more reflective of how people engage in-person. our brands are evolving to incorporate a variety of new technologies that enable users to interact in a variety of ways including video capabilities and live experiences. these technologies were already being incorporated at the beginning of the covid-19 pandemic in 2020 and we are continuing to further incorporate them into our portfolio of brands. we expect new technologies to continue to drive user engagement and expect other technologies beyond video and live experiences to be tested in our services and incorporated into our apps in the future.
impacts of the coronavirus. when the novel coronavirus ("covid-19") first hit western europe and then certain major metropolitan centers in the u.s. in the spring of 2020, particularly new york city, engagement
(messages sent, daily active users, swipe® activity on the tinder platform) increased significantly, but subscribers who purchase a subscription for the first time ("first-time subscribers") declined at most of our brands as meeting in person was restricted. as we entered the summer months of 2020, propensity to pay rebounded across our portfolio, and first-time subscribers climbed amid reduced covid-19 cases, but then faced new headwinds at the end of 2020, as the second wave of covid-19 cases and related lockdowns took hold. in 2021, we saw a new normalization level as vaccines continued to roll out globally, even as several countries experienced a third wave of cases. we saw strong recovery in the u.s. and improvement in europe as well, but important markets for us such as india, south korea, brazil, and japan were further behind on the covid-19 curve. the recent omicron variant surge has caused a modest impact on our business, with rolling global effects as the wave passes through the u.s., europe, and then, we expect, asia. while we have continued to feel the effects of covid-19 on our business as new waves and variants have emerged, the business has proven to be quite resilient over the last two years.
other factors affecting the comparability of our results advertising spend. our advertising spend, which is included in our selling and marketing expense, has consistently been one of our larger operating expenses. how we deploy our advertising spend varies among brands, with the majority of our advertising spend taking place online, including search engines, social media sites, streaming services and influencers. additionally, some brands utilize television and out-of-home marketing campaigns, such as on outdoor billboards. for established brands, we seek to optimize for total return on advertising spend by frequently analyzing and adjusting spend to focus on marketing channels and markets that generate returns above our thresholds. our data-driven approach provides us the flexibility to scale and optimize our advertising spend. we spend advertising dollars against an expected lifetime value of a payer that is realized over a multi-year period; and while this advertising spend is intended to be profitable on that basis, it is nearly always negative during the period in which the expense is incurred. for newer brands that are gaining scale, or existing brands that are expanding into new geographies, we may make incremental advertising investments to establish the brand before optimizing monetization of the brand. in general, our more established brands spend a higher proportion of their revenue on advertising while our newer brands spend a lower proportion and tend to rely more on word of mouth and other viral marketing. additionally, advertising spend is typically higher during the first quarter of our fiscal year, and lower during the fourth quarter. see "seasonality" below.
seasonality. historically, our business has experienced seasonal fluctuations in quarterly operating results, particularly with respect to our profit measurements. this is driven primarily by a higher concentration of advertising spend in the first quarter, when advertising prices tend to be the lowest and demand for our services tends to be highest, and a lower concentration of advertising spend in the fourth quarter, when advertising costs tend to be highest and demand for our services tends to be lowest. seasonality is not consistent across our brands, with brands targeted at older users generally showing more seasonality than brands targeted at younger users.
international markets. our services are available across the world. our international revenue represented 54% and 53% of our total revenue for years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. we vary our pricing to align with local market conditions and our international businesses typically earn revenue in local currencies. as foreign currency exchange rates change, translation of the statement of operations of our international businesses into u.s. dollars affects year-over-year comparability of operating results.
2021 consolidated results in 2021, revenue, operating income and adjusted operating income grew 25%, 14% and 19%, respectively, year-over-year. revenue growth was primarily due to strong growth at tinder, hinge, and plentyoffish and the acquisition of hyperconnect in june 2021. operating income and adjusted operating income grew at a slower rate than revenue primarily due to the acquisition of hyperconnect, higher cost of revenue primarily due to in-app purchase fees, higher general and administrative expense primarily related to higher legal and other professional fees and increased compensation expense as a result of increased headcount, higher product development expenses from increased headcount at tinder and hinge, partially offset by lower selling and marketing expense as a percentage of revenue. operating income was further impacted by higher amortization of intangibles due to the acquisition of hyperconnect and higher stock-based compensation expense, primarily due to new grants made during the year and new grants associated with the hyperconnect acquisition, partially offset by lower expense for award modifications.
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with "item 8. consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
revenue years ended december 31,
2021                                                                    change                   % change                            2020                         change                   % change                            2019
(amounts in thousands, except arpu)
direct revenue:
americas                      $1,512,057                         $264,096                             21%                  $1,247,961                      $157,803                             14%                  $1,090,158
europe                           821,827                          141,699                             21%                     680,128                        95,716                             16%                     584,412
apac and other                   588,987                          172,352                             41%                     416,635                        84,031                             25%                     332,604
total direct revenue           2,922,871                          578,147                             25%                   2,344,724                       337,550                             17%                   2,007,174
indirect revenue                  60,406                           13,861                             30%                      46,545                         2,461                              6%                      44,084
total revenue                 $2,983,277                         $592,008                             25%                  $2,391,269                      $340,011                             17%                  $2,051,258
direct revenue tinder                        $1,649,757                         $294,357                             22%                  $1,355,400                      $203,355                             18%                  $1,152,045
other brands                   1,273,114                          283,790                             29%                     989,324                       134,195                             16%                     855,129
total direct revenue          $2,922,871                         $578,147                             25%                  $2,344,724                      $337,550                             17%                  $2,007,174
percentage of total revenue:
direct revenue:
americas                                    51%                                                                                       52%                                                                                       53%
europe                                      27%                                                                                       29%                                                                                       28%
apac and other                              20%                                                                                       17%                                                                                       16%
total direct revenue                        98%                                                                                       98%                                                                                       98%
indirect revenue                             2%                                                                                        2%                                                                                        2%
total revenue                              100%                                                                                      100%                                                                                      100%
payers(a):
americas                           8,009          896                                                 13%                       7,113       742                                                 12%                       6,371
europe                             4,489          461                                                 11%                       4,028       430                                                 12%                       3,598
apac and other                     2,987          578                                                 24%                       2,409       418                                                 21%                       1,991
total                             15,485                            1,935                             14%                      13,550                         1,590                             13%                      11,960
(change calculated using non-rounded numbers)
rpp(a):
americas                          $15.73                            $1.11                              8%                      $14.62                         $0.36                              3%                      $14.26
europe                            $15.25                            $1.18                              8%                      $14.07                         $0.53                              4%                      $13.54
apac and other                    $16.43                            $2.02                             14%                      $14.41                         $0.49                              4%                      $13.92
total                             $15.73                            $1.31                              9%                      $14.42                         $0.43                              3%                      $13.99
(a) our ability to eliminate duplicate payers at a brand level for periods prior to q2 2020 is impacted by data privacy requirements which require that we anonymize data after 12 months, therefore payer data for those periods is likely overstated. additionally, as payers is a component of the rpp calculation, rpp is likely commensurately understated for these same periods due to these data privacy limitations.
for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
americas direct revenue grew $264.1 million, or 21%, in 2021 versus 2020, driven by 13% growth in payers and 8% growth in rpp. growth in payers was primarily driven by tinder with contributions from hinge and the swipe® apps (blk, chispa, and upward). rpp growth was driven by both monetization growth at hinge and á la carte purchases at hinge, tinder and plentyoffish.
europe direct revenue grew $141.7 million, or 21%, in 2021 versus 2020, driven by 11% growth in payers and 8% growth in rpp. growth in payers and rpp was primarily due to tinder and, to a lesser extent, the acquisition of hyperconnect. rpp growth was favorably impacted by the increased strength of the british pound and the euro against the u.s. dollar compared to the year ended december 31, 2020.
apac and other direct revenue grew $172.4 million, or 41%, in 2021 versus 2020, driven by 24% growth in payers and 14% growth in rpp. payer growth was primarily driven by tinder and the acquisition of hyperconnect. rpp growth was primarily due to the acquisition of hyperconnect.
indirect revenue increased $13.9 million primarily due to higher rates per impression and robust direct ad sales at tinder.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019
americas direct revenue grew $157.8 million, or 14%, in 2020 versus 2019, driven by 12% growth in payers. growth in payers was primarily driven by tinder with contributions from hinge and the swipe apps (blk, chispa, and upward).
europe direct revenue grew $95.7 million, or 16%, in 2020 versus 2019, driven by 12% growth in payers and 4% growth in rpp. growth in payers was primarily due to tinder, and to a lesser extent, contributions from meetic and hinge. rpp growth was primarily due to tinder and was favorably impacted by the increased strength of the euro compared to the u.s. dollar between the two periods.
apac and other direct revenue grew $84.0 million, or 25%, in 2020 versus 2019, driven by 21% growth in payers and 4% growth in rpp. payer growth was primarily driven by tinder and pairs with additional contributions from okcupid. rpp growth was driven by pairs.
indirect revenue increased $2.5 million primarily due to higher rates per impression.
cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation)
years ended december 31,
2021                                                  $ change                % change       2020                             $ change                % change       2019
(dollars in thousands)
cost of revenue                   $839,308            $203,475                32%                         $635,833            $108,649                21%                         $527,184
percentage of revenue                  28%                                                                     27%                                                                     26%
for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
cost of revenue increased in part due to the acquisition of hyperconnect in the second quarter of 2021. excluding the increase from the hyperconnect acquisition, cost of revenue increased 23% primarily due to an increase in in-app purchase fees of $109.4 million, as revenue continues to be increasingly sourced through mobile app stores; an increase of $15.8 million in partner related costs associated with live video streaming; an increase in hosting fees of $12.6 million; and an increase in compensation expense of $11.9 million related to increased costs in customer care. total in-app purchase fees for 2021, including hyperconnect, were $552.6 million.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019
cost of revenue increased due to an increase in in-app purchase fees of $50.0 million, as revenue continued to be increasingly sourced through mobile app stores; an increase in hosting fees of $24.0 million; an increase of $17.9 million in partner related costs associated with live video streaming; and an increase in compensation expense of $11.5 million related to increased headcount and other operating costs in customer care.
selling and marketing expense years ended december 31,
2021                                                        $ change                % change       2020                             $ change                % change       2019
(dollars in thousands)
selling and marketing expense           $566,459            $86,552                 18%                         $479,907            $52,467                 12%                         $427,440
percentage of revenue                        19%                                                                     20%                                                                     21%
for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
selling and marketing expense increased due to the acquisition of hyperconnect in the second quarter of 2021, higher marketing spend at multiple brands, and an increase in compensation expense of $9.6 million related to increased headcount. selling and marketing expense continued to decline as a percentage of revenue excluding hyperconnect as we continue to generate revenue growth from brands with relatively lower marketing expense.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019
selling and marketing expense increased primarily due to higher marketing spend at multiple brands, and an increase in compensation expense of $5.7 million. selling and marketing expense continued to decline as a percentage of revenue as we continued to generate revenue growth from brands with relatively lower marketing expense.
general and administrative expense years ended december 31,
2021                                                              $ change                % change       2020                             $ change                % change       2019
(dollars in thousands)
general and administrative expense            $414,821            $103,614                33%                         $311,207            $55,069                 21%                         $256,138
percentage of revenue                              14%                                                                     13%                                                                     12%
for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
general and administrative expense increased in part due to the post-acquisition expenses of hyperconnect. excluding hyperconnect, general and administrative expense increased 26% primarily due to an increase of $29.0 million in legal and other professional fees; an increase in compensation expense of $20.5 million primarily related to an increase in headcount and an increase in stock-based compensation expense associated with new awards granted in the current year, partially offset by lower modification expense in 2021; $7.5 million of professional fees incurred to acquire hyperconnect; an increase of $8.3 million for non-income taxes, primarily digital services taxes; and an increase in software license fees of $8.6 million.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019
general and administrative expense increased primarily due to an increase in compensation of $39.3 million primarily related to an increase in headcount and an increase in stock-based compensation expense resulting from a modification charge in 2020; an increase of $6.7 million for non-income taxes, primarily digital services taxes; and an increase of $6.4 million in legal expenses.
product development expense years ended december 31,
2021                                                        $ change                % change       2020                             $ change                % change       2019
(dollars in thousands)
product development expense             $241,049            $71,238                 42%                         $169,811            $17,851                 12%                         $151,960
percentage of revenue                         8%                                                                      7%                                                                      7%
for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
product development expense increased in part due to the acquisition of hyperconnect. excluding hyperconnect, product development expense increased 29% primarily due to an increase in compensation expense of $45.4 million primarily related to increased headcount at tinder and hinge, and an increase in stock-based compensation associated with new awards granted in the current year.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019
product development expense increased primarily as a result of an increase of $18.7 million in compensation primarily due to increased headcount at tinder.
depreciation years ended december 31,
2021                                                  $ change                % change       2020                             $ change                % change       2019
(dollars in thousands)
depreciation                       $41,402            $131                    -%                           $41,271            $6,916                  20%                          $34,355
percentage of revenue                   1%                                                                      2%                                                                      2%
for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
depreciation was flat compared to the prior year period.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019
depreciation increased primarily due to an increase in internally developed software being placed in service.
amortization of intangibles years ended december 31,
2021                                                        $ change                % change       2020                             $ change                % change       2019
(dollars in thousands)
amortization of intangibles              $28,559            $21,034                 280%                    $7,525                  $(1,202)                (14)%                   $8,727
percentage of revenue                         1%                                                            -%                                                                      -%
for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
amortization of intangibles increased primarily due to an increase in definite-lived intangibles related to the acquisition of hyperconnect in the second quarter of 2021, partially offset by an impairment charge recorded in 2020.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019
amortization of intangibles decreased primarily due to the decrease in impairment charges in 2020 as compared to impairment charges recorded in 2019.
operating income and adjusted operating income years ended december 31,
2021                                                        $ change                % change       2020                             $ change                % change       2019
(dollars in thousands)
operating income                        $851,679            $105,964                14%                         $745,715            $100,261                16%                         $645,454
percentage of revenue                        29%                                                                     31%                                                                     32%
adjusted operating income             $1,068,456            $171,677                19%                         $896,779            $118,519                15%                         $778,260
percentage of revenue                        36%                                                                     38%                                                                     38%
for a reconciliation of net earnings attributable to match group, inc. shareholders to operating income and adjusted operating income, see "non-gaap financial measures."
for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
operating income and adjusted operating income increased 14% or $106.0 million and 19% or $171.7 million, respectively, primarily driven by the increase in revenue of $592.0 million which was driven by growth at tinder, hinge, and the acquisition of hyperconnect and lower selling and marketing expense as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by an increase in cost of revenue due to higher in-app fees, as revenue continues to shift to mobile app stores, and an increase in general and administrative expense primarily due to professional fees and compensation expense. operating income was further impacted by higher amortization of intangibles due to the acquisition of hyperconnect and higher stock-based compensation expense, primarily due to new grants made during the year and new grants associated with the hyperconnect acquisition, partially offset by lower expense for award modifications in 2021.
at december 31, 2021, there was $273.9 million of unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to all equity-based awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 2.4 years.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019
operating income and adjusted operating income increased 16% or $100.3 million and 15% or $118.5 million, respectively, primarily as a result of the increase in revenue of $340.0 million driven by growth at multiple brands and lower selling and marketing expense as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by an increase in cost of revenue due to higher in-app purchase fees, as revenue was increasingly sourced through mobile app stores, increased web hosting fees, and live video costs.
interest expense years ended december 31,
2021                                            $ change                % change       2020                             $ change                % change       2019
(dollars in thousands)
interest expense        $130,493                $(131)                  -%                      $130,624                $19,616                 18%                     $111,008
for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020
interest expense was flat compared to the prior year despite an increase in the total average principal amount of long-term debt outstanding due to lower interest rates on newer issuances of senior notes and a lower libor rate on the term loan.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019
interest expense increased primarily due to the issuance of the 4.125% senior notes on february 11, 2020 and the issuance of the 4.625% senior notes on may 19, 2020. additionally, the 2026 and 2030 senior exchangeable notes were outstanding for the entire year. partially offsetting these increases were decreases due to the redemption of the 6.375% senior notes during 2020 and a lower libor rate on the term loan.
other (expense) income, net years ended december 31,
2021                                                           $ change                   % change       2020                             $ change                % change       2019
(dollars in thousands)
other (expense) income, net         $(465,038)                 $(480,899)                 nm                      $15,861                 $17,887                 nm                      $(2,026)
________________________
nm = not meaningful other expense, net, in 2021 includes a $441.0 million loss related to the settlement of the former tinder employee litigation, a $14.6 million loss related to the changes in fair value of derivatives created as we repurchased a portion of our outstanding 2022 exchangeable notes, a $5.2 million inducement expense arising from the repurchased 2022 exchangeable notes, and $1.8 million in net foreign currency losses, partially offset by $2.4 million of fair market value gains on the net settlement of certain note hedges and warrants relating to the repurchased 2022 exchangeable notes.
other income, net, in 2020 includes a legal settlement of $35.0 million and interest income of $2.7 million, partially offset by a loss on redemption of bonds of $16.5 million, expense of $3.4 million related to mark-to-market adjustments pertaining to liability classified equity instruments, and $0.6 million in net foreign currency losses in the period.
other expense, net, in 2019 includes a $4.0 million impairment of an equity investment, expense of $1.7 million related to a mark-to-market adjustment pertaining to a liability classified equity instrument, and $0.9 million in net foreign currency losses in the period, partially offset by interest income of $4.4 million.
income tax (benefit) provision years ended december 31,
2021                                                              $ change                   % change       2020                             $ change                % change       2019
(dollars in thousands)
income tax (benefit) provision         $(19,897)                  $(63,170)                  nm                           $43,273            $28,193                 187%                         $15,080
effective income tax rate              nm                                                                                      7%                                                                      3%
for discussion of income taxes, see "note 3-income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
for the year ended december 31, 2021, the company recorded an income tax benefit of $19.9 million, despite pre-tax income, primarily due to excess tax benefits generated by the (i) exercise and vesting of stock-based awards and (ii) research credits. this benefit was partially offset by an increase in the valuation allowance for foreign losses and u.s. foreign tax credits.
for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, the company recorded an income tax provision of $43.3 million, and $15.1 million, respectively, representing an effective tax rate of 7%, and 3%, respectively, which is lower than the u.s. statutory rate of 21% due primarily to excess tax benefits generated by (i) the exercise and vesting of stock-based awards and (ii) research credits. in 2020, these benefits were partially offset by an increase in the valuation allowance for u.s. foreign tax credits.
related party transactions for discussion of related party transactions, see "note 15-related party transactions" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
non-gaap financial measures match group reports adjusted operating income and revenue excluding foreign exchange effects, both of which are supplemental measures to u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). adjusted operating income is among the primary metrics by which we evaluate the performance of our business, on which our internal budget is based, and by which management is compensated. revenue excluding foreign exchange effects provides a comparable framework for assessing how our business performed without the effect of exchange rate differences when compared to prior periods. we believe that investors should have access to the same set of tools that we use in analyzing our results. these non-gaap measures should be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with gaap, but should not be considered a substitute for or superior to gaap results. match group endeavors to compensate for the limitations of the non-gaap measures presented by providing the comparable gaap measure with equal or greater prominence and descriptions of the reconciling items, including quantifying such items, to derive the non-gaap measure. we encourage investors to examine the reconciling adjustments between the gaap and non-gaap measures, which we discuss below.
adjusted operating income adjusted operating income is defined as operating income excluding: (1) stock-based compensation expense; (2) depreciation; and (3) acquisition-related items consisting of (i) amortization of intangible assets and impairments of goodwill and intangible assets, if applicable, and (ii) gains and losses recognized on changes in the fair value of contingent consideration arrangements. we believe this measure is useful for analysts and investors as this measure allows a more meaningful comparison between our performance and that of our competitors. the above items are excluded from our adjusted operating income measure because they are non-cash in nature. adjusted operating income has certain limitations because it excludes the impact of these expenses.
non-cash expenses that are excluded from adjusted operating income stock-based compensation expense consists principally of expense associated with the grants of stock options, restricted stock units ("rsus"), performance-based rsus, and market-based awards. these expenses are not paid in cash, and we include the related shares in our fully diluted shares outstanding using the treasury stock method; however, performance-based rsus and market-based awards are included only to the extent the applicable performance or market condition(s) have been met (assuming the end of the reporting period is the end of the contingency period). to the extent that stock-based awards are settled on a net basis, we remit the required tax-withholding amounts from our current funds.
depreciation is a non-cash expense relating to our property and equipment and is computed using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of depreciable assets to operations over their estimated useful lives, or, in the case of leasehold improvements, the lease term, if shorter.
amortization of intangible assets and impairments of goodwill and intangible assets are non-cash expenses related primarily to acquisitions. at the time of acquisition, the identifiable definite-lived intangible assets of the acquired company, such as customer lists, trade names, and technology, are valued and amortized over their estimated lives. value is also assigned to (i) acquired indefinite-lived intangible assets, which consist of trade names and trademarks, and (ii) goodwill, which are not subject to amortization. an impairment is recorded when the carrying value of an intangible asset or goodwill exceeds its fair value. we believe that intangible assets represent costs incurred by the acquired company to build value prior to acquisition and the related amortization and impairment charges of intangible assets or goodwill, if applicable, are not ongoing costs of doing business.
the following table reconciles net earnings attributable to match group, inc. shareholders to operating income and adjusted operating income:
years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                     2020                          2019
(in thousands)
net earnings attributable to match group, inc. shareholders               $277,723                      $162,329                      $453,838
add back:
net (loss) earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests               (1,169)                        59,280                       112,689
(earnings) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                     (509)                       366,070                      (49,187)
income tax (benefit) provision                                            (19,897)                        43,273                        15,080
other expense (income), net                                                465,038                      (15,861)                         2,026
interest expense                                                           130,493                       130,624                       111,008
operating income                                                           851,679                       745,715                       645,454
stock-based compensation expense                                           146,816                       102,268                        89,724
depreciation                                                                41,402                        41,271                        34,355
amortization of intangibles                                                 28,559                         7,525                         8,727
adjusted operating income                                               $1,068,456                      $896,779                      $778,260
effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on revenue due to our global reach, the impact of foreign exchange rates on the company may be an important factor in understanding period over period comparisons if movement in exchange rates is significant. since our results are reported in u.s. dollars, international revenue is favorably impacted as the u.s. dollar weakens relative to other currencies, and unfavorably impacted as the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies. we believe the presentation of revenue excluding the effects from foreign exchange, in addition to reported revenue, helps improve the ability to understand the company's performance because it excludes the impact of foreign currency volatility that is not indicative of match group's core operating results.
revenue excluding foreign exchange effects compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period over period. revenue excluding foreign exchange effects is calculated by translating current period revenue using prior period exchange rates. the percentage change in revenue excluding foreign exchange effects is calculated by determining the change in current period revenue over prior period revenue where current period revenue is translated using prior period exchange rates.
the following tables present the impact of foreign exchange effects on total revenue and direct revenue by geographic region, and rpp on a total basis and by geographic region, for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 and the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019:
years ended december 31,                                                                                               years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                            $ change                   % change                            2020   2020                                             $ change                   % change                            2019
(dollars in thousands)
revenue, as reported                                                       $2,983,277                      $592,008                             25%                  $2,391,269                   $2,391,269                      $340,011                             17%                  $2,051,258
foreign exchange effects                                                     (35,191)                                                                                                                  6,412
revenue excluding foreign exchange effects                                 $2,948,086                      $556,817                             23%                  $2,391,269                   $2,397,681                      $346,423                             17%                  $2,051,258
americas direct revenue, as reported                                       $1,512,057                      $264,096                             21%                  $1,247,961                   $1,247,961                      $157,803                             14%                  $1,090,158
foreign exchange effects                                                      (1,471)                                                                                                                 14,619
americas direct revenue, excluding foreign exchange effects                $1,510,586                      $262,625                             21%                  $1,247,961                   $1,262,580                      $172,422                             16%                  $1,090,158
europe direct revenue, as reported                                           $821,827                      $141,699                             21%                    $680,128                     $680,128                       $95,716                             16%                    $584,412
foreign exchange effects                                                     (33,894)                                                                                                                (7,551)
europe direct revenue, excluding foreign exchange effects                    $787,933                      $107,805                             16%                    $680,128                     $672,577                       $88,165                             15%                    $584,412
apac and other direct revenue, as reported                                   $588,987                      $172,352                             41%                    $416,635                     $416,635                       $84,031                             25%                    $332,604
foreign exchange effects                                                          917                                                                                                                  (828)
apac and other direct revenue, excluding foreign exchange effects            $589,904                      $173,269                             42%                    $416,635                     $415,807                       $83,203                             25%                    $332,604
years ended december 31,                                                                                   years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                           $ change                   % change                        2020                     2020                   $ change                   % change                        2019
rpp, as reported                                                  $15.73                     $1.31                              9%                  $14.42                   $14.42                     $0.43                              3%                  $13.99
foreign exchange effects                                          (0.19)                                                                                                       0.04
rpp, excluding foreign exchange effects                           $15.54                     $1.12                              8%                  $14.42                   $14.46                     $0.47                              3%                  $13.99
americas rpp, as reported                                         $15.73                     $1.11                              8%                  $14.62                   $14.62                     $0.36                              3%                  $14.26
foreign exchange effects                                          (0.01)                                                                                                       0.17
americas rpp, excluding foreign exchange effects                  $15.72                     $1.10                              8%                  $14.62                   $14.79                     $0.53                              3%                  $14.26
europe rpp, as reported                                           $15.25       1.18                                             8%                  $14.07                   $14.07       0.53                                             4%                  $13.54
foreign exchange effects                                          (0.35)                                                                                                     (0.09)
europe rpp, excluding foreign exchange effects                    $14.90                     $0.83                              6%                  $14.07                   $13.98                     $0.44                              4%                  $13.54
apac and other rpp, as reported                                   $16.43                     $2.02                             14%                  $14.41                   $14.41                     $0.49                              4%                  $13.92
foreign exchange effects                                            0.03                                                                                                     (0.03)
apac and other rpp, excluding foreign exchange effects            $16.46                     $2.05                             14%                  $14.41                   $14.38                     $0.46                              4%                  $13.92
financial position, liquidity and capital resources financial position december 31, 2021                   december 31, 2020
(in thousands)
cash and cash equivalents:
united states                                                                         $642,686                            $581,038
all other countries                                                                    172,698                             158,126
total cash and cash equivalents                                                       $815,384                            $739,164
long-term debt, net:
credit facility due february 13, 2025                                                       $-                                  $-
term loan due february 13, 2027                                                        425,000                             425,000
5.00% senior notes due december 15, 2027                                               450,000                             450,000
4.625% senior notes due june 1, 2028                                                   500,000                             500,000
5.625% senior notes due february 15, 2029                                              350,000                             350,000
4.125% senior notes due august 1, 2030                                                 500,000                             500,000
3.625% senior notes due october 1, 2031                                                500,000                                   -
2022 exchangeable notes                                                                100,500                             517,500
2026 exchangeable notes                                                                575,000                             575,000
2030 exchangeable notes                                                                575,000                             575,000
total long-term debt                                                                 3,975,500                           3,892,500
less: current maturities of long-term debt                                             100,500                                   -
less: unamortized original issue discount and original issue premium, net                5,215                               6,029
less: unamortized debt issuance costs                                                   40,364                              45,541
total long-term debt, net                                                           $3,829,421                          $3,840,930
long-term debt for a detailed description of long-term debt, see "note 7-long-term debt, net" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8. consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
cash flow information in summary, the company's cash flows from continuing operations are as follows:
years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                     2020                            2019
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities attributable to continuing operations           $912,499                        $788,552                      $647,989
net cash used in investing activities attributable to continuing operations              (939,825)                     (3,922,131)                      (41,730)
net cash provided by financing activities attributable to continuing operations            111,106                       1,787,846                       654,024
2021
net cash provided by operating activities attributable to continuing operations in 2021 includes adjustments to earnings consisting primarily of $146.8 million of stock-based compensation expense; $41.4 million of depreciation; $28.6 million of amortization of intangibles; and other adjustments of $27.7 million, which includes amortization of deferred financing costs of $9.0 million. partially offsetting these adjustments was deferred income tax benefit of $58.0 million. the increase in cash from changes in working capital primarily consists of an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities of $458.8 million due mainly to the timing of payments, with the former tinder employee litigation settlement, which is expected to be paid in 2022, being the primary component; and an increase in deferred revenue of $26.3 million, due mainly to growth in subscription sales. these increases in cash were partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable of $34.0 million primarily related to an increase in revenue.
net cash used in investing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2021 consists primarily of cash used to acquire hyperconnect, net of cash acquired, of $859.9 million, and capital expenditures of $80.0 million that are primarily related to internal development of software and computer hardware to support our services.
net cash provided by financing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2021 is primarily due to proceeds from the settlement of certain note hedges of $1.1 billion, partially offset by an $882.2 million outflow related to the settlement of certain outstanding warrants, in each case associated with the settlement of a portion of the 2022 exchangeable notes; proceeds of $500.0 million from the issuance of the 3.625% senior notes; and $58.4 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock pursuant to stock-based awards. these increases in cash were partially offset by payment of $630.7 million to repurchase a portion of the outstanding 2022 exchangeable notes and payment of $15.7 million for withholding taxes paid on behalf of employees for net settled equity awards.
2020
net cash provided by operating activities attributable to continuing operations in 2020 includes adjustments to earnings consisting primarily of $102.3 million of stock-based compensation expense, $41.3 million of depreciation, $7.5 million of amortization of intangibles; other adjustments of $27.3 million, which includes a loss on bond redemption of $16.5 million; and deferred income tax of $15.4 million. the increase in cash from changes in working capital primarily consists of an increase from income taxes payable and receivable of $16.9 million due primarily to the timing of tax payments and refunds; an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities of $24.2 million due mainly to the timing of payments, including interest payments; and an increase in deferred revenue of $23.5 million, due mainly to growth in subscription sales. these increases in cash were partially offset by a decrease related to an increase in other assets of $33.2 million primarily related to an increase in prepaid hosting services and an increase in accounts receivable of $24.2 million primarily related to an increase in revenue.
net cash used in investing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2020 consists primarily of $3.9 billion of net cash distributed to iac related to the separation, which was partially funded by $1.4 billion of net proceeds from the stock issuance in connection with the separation as noted below, and capital expenditures of $42.4 million that are primarily related to internal development of software and computer hardware to support our services.
net cash provided by financing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2020 is primarily due to proceeds of $1.4 billion from the stock offering in connection with the separation, which were subsequently transferred to iac as noted above, proceeds of $1.0 billion from the issuance of the 4.125% and 4.625% senior notes, partially offset by the redemption of the $400.0 million 6.375% senior notes, payments of $212.0 million for withholding taxes paid on behalf of employees for net settled equity awards of both former match group and match group, and purchases of treasury stock of former match group of $132.9 million.
2019
net cash provided by operating activities attributable to continuing operations in 2019 includes adjustments to earnings consisting primarily of $89.7 million of stock-based compensation expense, $34.4 million of depreciation, and $8.7 million of amortization of intangibles. partially offsetting these adjustments was deferred income tax of $12.8 million primarily related to net operating loss created by settlement of stock-based awards. the decrease in cash from changes in working capital primarily consists of an increase in other assets of $24.2 million primarily related to an increase in prepaid hosting services, an increase in accounts receivable of $17.9 million primarily related to an increase in revenue, and a decrease from income taxes payable and receivable of $4.2 million due primarily to the timing of tax payments. these decreases in cash were partially offset by an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities of $33.7 million due mainly to the timing of payments, including interest payments, and an increase in deferred revenue of $9.5 million, due mainly to growth in subscription sales.
net cash used in investing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2019 consists primarily of capital expenditures of $39.0 million that are primarily related to internal development of software and computer hardware to support our services.
net cash provided by financing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2019 is primarily due to $1.2 billion from the issuance of the 2026 and 2030 exchangeable notes, proceeds of $350.0 million from the issuance of the 5.625% senior notes, and proceeds of $40.0 million from borrowings under the credit facility. partially offsetting these proceeds were cash payments of $300.0 million for the repayment of borrowings under the credit facility, purchases of treasury stock of $216.4 million, $203.2 million for withholding taxes paid on behalf of employees for net settled equity awards, and $136.9 million used to pay the net premium on the 2026 and 2030 exchangeable notes hedge and warrant transactions.
liquidity and capital resources the company's principal sources of liquidity are its cash flows generated from operations as well as cash and cash equivalents. at december 31, 2021, $749.6 million was available under the credit facility that expires on february 13, 2025.
the company has various obligations related to long-term debt instruments and operating leases. for additional information on long-term debt, including a maturity schedule and interest rates, see "note 7-long-term debt, net" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data." for additional information on the operating leases, including a schedule of obligations by year, see "note 13-leases" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data." the company believes it has sufficient cash flows from operations to satisfy these future obligations.
on december 1, 2021, we entered into an agreement to settle the pending, threatened, and potential claims at issue in rad, et al. v. iac/interactivecorp, et al. and related arbitrations for $441 million, which is expected to be paid in 2022 utilizing cash on hand.
the company anticipates that it will need to make capital and other expenditures in connection with the development and expansion of its operations. the company expects that 2022 cash capital expenditures will be between $65 million and $75 million, a decrease from 2021 cash capital expenditures as several leasehold and building improvements were completed in 2021.
we have entered into various purchase commitments, primarily consisting of web hosting services. our obligations under these various purchase commitments are $56.0 million in 2022 and between $7.0 million and $12.5 million per year from 2023 through 2026.
the company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, other than those described above, at december 31, 2021.
at december 31, 2021, all of the company's international cash can be repatriated without significant tax consequences.
our indebtedness could limit our ability to: (i) obtain additional financing to fund working capital needs, acquisitions, capital expenditures, debt service, or other requirements; and (ii) use operating cash flow to pursue acquisitions or invest in other areas, such as developing properties and exploiting business opportunities. the company may need to raise additional capital through future debt or equity financing to make additional acquisitions and investments or to provide for greater financial flexibility. additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to the company or at all.
critical accounting policies and estimates the following disclosure is provided to supplement the descriptions of match group's accounting policies contained in "note 2-summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data" in regard to significant areas of judgment. management of the company is required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions during the preparation of its consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). these estimates, judgments and assumptions impact the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. actual results could differ from these estimates. because of the size of the financial statement elements to which they relate, some of our accounting policies and estimates have a more significant impact on our consolidated financial statements than others. what follows is a discussion of some of our more significant accounting policies and estimates.
business combinations acquisitions are an important part of our growth strategy. the purchase price of each acquisition is attributed to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the date of acquisition, including identifiable intangible assets that either arise from a contractual or legal right or are separable from goodwill. the fair value of these intangible assets is based on valuations that use information and assumptions provided by management. the excess purchase price over the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets is recorded as goodwill and is assigned to the reporting unit that is expected to benefit from the combination as of the acquisition date.
recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets goodwill is the company's largest asset with a carrying value of $2.4 billion and $1.3 billion at december 31, 2021 and 2020, representing 48% and 42%, respectively, of the company's total assets. indefinite-lived intangible assets, which consist of the company's acquired trade names and trademarks, have a carrying value of $576.7 million and $226.6 million at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are assessed annually for impairment as of october 1, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value.
in performing its annual goodwill impairment assessment, the company has the option under gaap to qualitatively assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value; if the conclusion of the qualitative assessment is that there are no indicators of impairment, the company does not perform a quantitative test, which would require a valuation of the reporting unit, as of october 1. if needed, the annual or interim quantitative test of the recovery of goodwill involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. if the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired. if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment loss equal to the excess is recorded. the 2021 and 2020 annual assessments did not identify any impairments.
as a result of the separation in 2020, the company had a negative carrying value for the company's annual goodwill test at both october 1, 2021 and 2020. additionally, an impairment test of goodwill was not necessary because there were no factors identified that would indicate an impairment loss. the company continued to have a negative carrying value at december 31, 2021.
while the company has the option to qualitatively assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair values of its indefinite-lived intangible assets are less than their carrying values, the company's policy is to determine the fair value of each of its indefinite-lived intangible assets annually as of october 1, in part, because the level of effort required to perform the quantitative and qualitative assessments is essentially equivalent. due to the recent acquisition of hyperconnect and the process to allocate the purchase price as of the purchase date, the intangible assets of hyperconnect were considered qualitatively as of october 1, 2021. for assets in which a quantitative assessment was performed, the company determines the fair value of its indefinite-lived intangible assets using an avoided royalty dcf valuation analysis. significant judgments inherent in this analysis include the selection of appropriate royalty and discount rates and estimating the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. the discount rates used in the dcf analyses are intended to reflect the risks inherent in the expected future cash flows generated by the respective intangible assets. the royalty rates used in the dcf analyses are based upon an estimate of the royalty rates that a market participant would pay to license the company's trade names and trademarks. the future cash flows are based on the company's most recent forecast and budget and, for years beyond the budget, the company's estimates, which are based, in part, on forecasted growth rates. assumptions used in the avoided royalty dcf analyses, including the discount rate and royalty rate, are assessed annually based on the actual and projected cash flows related to the asset, as well as macroeconomic and industry specific factors. the discount rates used in the company's annual indefinite-lived impairment assessment ranged from 10% to 16% in 2021 and 10% to 23% in 2020, and the royalty rates used ranged from 5% to 8% in both 2021 and 2020.
if the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment equal to the excess is recorded. during the year ended december 31, 2020, the company recognized an impairment charge related to the match® brand in the uk and the meetic brand in europe of $4.6 million. during the year ended december 31, 2019, the company recognized an impairment charge on the match brand in the uk of $6.6 million. at december 31, 2021 and 2020, no indefinite-lived intangible asset balance had an estimated fair value less than 110% of carrying value.
recoverability and estimated useful lives of long-lived assets we review the carrying value of all long-lived assets, consisting of property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. the carrying value of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. if the carrying value is deemed not to be recoverable, an impairment loss is recorded equal to the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. in addition, the company reviews the useful lives of its long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that these lives may be changed. the carrying value of property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets was $358.3 million and $112.1 million, at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
income taxes match group is subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and income tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws.
we record a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of our reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. under this method, we recognize deferred income tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of asset and liabilities, as well as for net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be realized or settled. we recognize the deferred income tax effects of a change in tax rates in the period of enactment.
a valuation allowance is provided on deferred tax assets if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized. we consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance.
we recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position. such tax benefits are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. this measurement step is inherently difficult and requires subjective estimations of such amounts to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. we consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustment. we make adjustments to our unrecognized tax benefits when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, the final outcome of these matters may vary significantly from our estimates. to the extent that the final outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the income tax provision in the period in which such determination is made, and could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results.
stock-based compensation the company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $146.8 million and $102.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
stock-based compensation at the company is complex due to our desire to attract, retain, and reward employees at many of our brands by allowing them to benefit from the value they help to create. we also utilize equity awards as part of our acquisition strategy. we accomplish these objectives, in part, by issuing equity awards denominated in the equity of our non-public subsidiaries as well as in match group, inc. we further refine this approach by tailoring the terms of equity awards as appropriate. for example, we issue certain equity awards with vesting conditioned on the achievement of specified performance targets such as revenue or profits; these awards are referred to as performance awards. in other cases, we condition the vesting of equity awards to the achievement of value targets for a specific subsidiary or the company's stock price; these awards are referred to as market-based awards.
the company issues restricted stock units ("rsus") and performance-based stock units ("psus"). the value of rsus with vesting subject only to continued service is based on the fair value of match group common stock on the grant date. the value of rsus that include a market condition is based on fair value estimated using a lattice model. the value of rsus is expensed as stock-based compensation expense over the applicable vesting term. for psu grants, the expense is measured at the grant date as the fair value of match group common stock and expensed as stock-based compensation over the vesting term if the performance targets are considered probable of being achieved.
recent accounting pronouncements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see "note 2-summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
