item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this annual report, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating our business. if any of the risks discussed or additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. the covid-19 pandemic has also had the effect of heightening many of the risks described below. the ordering of the risk factors below is not intended to reflect an indication of priority or likelihood. in connection with the forward-looking statements that appear in this annual report, you should also carefully review the cautionary statement referred to under "cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements."
covid-19 and debt/liquidity related risk factors covid-19 has had, and is expected to continue to have, a significant impact on our financial condition and operations. the current, and uncertain future, impact of the covid-19 pandemic, including its effect on the ability or desire of people to travel (including on cruises), is expected to continue to impact our results, operations, outlook, plans, goals, growth, reputation, cash flows, liquidity, demand for voyages and share price.
the covid-19 pandemic has had, and is expected to continue to have, significant negative impacts on all aspects of our business. in march 2020, we implemented a voluntary suspension of all cruise voyages across our three brands. we began resuming cruise voyages in july 2021 in a phased manner as part of our return to service plan. we expect the remaining ships in our fleet will continue incrementally resuming voyage operations through the early part of the second quarter of 2022, but due to the uncertainties surrounding the covid-19 pandemic, we have cancelled some announced restart cruise voyages and delayed the expected restart dates for some of our ships. it may take us longer than expected to return our entire fleet to cruise voyage operations and/or the suspension could potentially be reinstated, and the total length of time the majority of our fleet is out of cruise voyage operations or operating at significantly reduced occupancy levels may be prolonged. in addition, we have been, and will continue to be, further negatively impacted by related developments, including heightened governmental regulations, travel advisories, travel bans and restrictions, including those implemented by the u.s. department of state, the cdc, the department of homeland security and other state, federal and international governments and regulators, each of which has impacted, and is expected to continue to significantly impact, global guest sourcing and our access to various ports of call around the globe. additionally, in the u.s., certain states have enacted legislation prohibiting companies from verifying the vaccination status of guests, which in some instances we have challenged in court. as a result of these requirements and other logistical challenges, the timeline for our ability to return our entire fleet to cruises is fluid. we expect to continue to incur significant covid-19 related costs in relation to these regulations and as we implement and maintain health-related protocols on our ships, such as controlled capacity and testing, which have had and may continue to have a significant effect on our operations. we have had instances of covid-19 on our ships and there is no guarantee that the health and safety protocols we implement will be successful in preventing the spread of covid-19 onboard our ships and among our passengers and crew.
to date, the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in significant costs and lost revenue as a result of the suspension of cruise voyages, implementation of additional health and safety measures, reduced demand for cruise vacations, guest compensation, itinerary modifications, redeployments and cancellations, travel restrictions and advisories, the unavailability of ports and/or destinations, protected commissions, costs to return our passengers to their home destinations and expenses to transport our crew to and from our ships and to assist some of our crew with quarantine or isolation and food and housing in the event they are prevented from returning home in an optimal time frame.
33
our ability to transport crew to and from our ships is dependent on a number of factors, including the ability to transport crew members to and from their home countries due to the limited number of commercial flights and charter options available, and governmental restrictions and regulations with respect to disembarking crew members and travel generally. additionally, our policy that crew members must be fully vaccinated has created logistical challenges due to limitations on vaccine supplies, logistical complexities relating to vaccinating crew members who reside in different countries around the world and vaccine hesitancy. such restrictions on crew travel and challenges in making sure our crew members have been vaccinated has impacted and could continue to impact our ability to staff our ships as operations continue to resume.
we have been and may continue to be the subject of lawsuits and investigations stemming from covid-19. for example, in march 2020 the florida attorney general announced an investigation related to our marketing during the covid-19 pandemic. following the announcement of the investigation by the florida attorney general, we received notifications from other attorneys general and governmental agencies that they are conducting similar investigations. we cannot predict the number or outcome of any such proceedings and the impact that they will have on our financial results, but any such impact may be material.
we have nine newbuilds on order, scheduled to be delivered through 2027. the impacts of covid-19 on the shipyards where our ships are under construction or will be constructed, have resulted in some delays in expected ship deliveries, and the impacts of covid-19 could result in additional delays in ship deliveries in the future, which may be prolonged.
demand for cruises may remain weak for a significant length of time and we cannot predict if and when each brand will return to pre-pandemic demand or pricing levels. due to the discretionary nature of leisure travel spending and the competitive nature of the cruise industry, our revenues are heavily influenced by the condition of the u.s. economy and economies in other regions of the world. unfavorable conditions in these broader economies have resulted, and may result in the future, in decreased demand for cruise vacations, changes in booking practices and related reactions by our competitors, all of which in turn have had, and may continue to have in the future, a strong negative effect on our business. in particular, our bookings may be negatively impacted by enhanced health and safety protocols, including vaccination requirements, concerns that cruises are susceptible to the spread of infectious diseases as well as adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, including higher unemployment rates, declines in income levels and loss of personal wealth resulting from the impact of covid-19. the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and associated disruption to economic activity is expected to have a severe and prolonged effect on the global economy generally and, in turn, is expected to depress demand for cruise vacations into the foreseeable future. in addition, we cannot predict the impact covid-19 will have on our partners, such as travel agencies, suppliers and other vendors. we may be adversely impacted by any adverse impact our partners suffer. the global supply chain has also been negatively impacted by covid-19, which has had an effect on our operations and our ability to source supplies. we cannot predict the impact on our financial performance and our cash flows required for cash refunds of fares for cancelled sailings as a result of the effects of the covid-19 pandemic and the public's concern regarding the health and safety of travel, including by cruise ship, and related decreases in demand for travel and cruising. depending on the timing for bringing our full fleet back in service and number of cancellations, we may be required to provide cash refunds for a substantial portion of the balance of our advance ticket sales. accordingly, as a result of these unprecedented circumstances, we cannot predict the full impact of covid-19 on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
moreover, our ability to attract and retain guests and crew depends, in part, upon the perception and reputation of our company and our brands and the public's concerns regarding the health and safety of travel generally, as well as regarding the cruise industry and our ships. actual or perceived risk of infection could have an adverse effect on the public's perception of the company, which could harm our reputation and business. additionally, some of our protocols, such as our requirement that all guests, with the exception of guests under the age of 12 on norwegian cruise line sailings beginning march 1, 2022, and all crew must be vaccinated for our initial voyages, may attract negative publicity.
as a result of the impacts of covid-19, provisions in our credit card processing and other commercial agreements have and may continue to adversely affect our liquidity. we have agreements with several credit card companies to process the sale of tickets and provide other services. under these agreements, the credit card companies could, under certain circumstances and upon written notice, require us to maintain a reserve, which reserve would be funded by the credit card companies withholding or offsetting our credit card receivables, or our posting of cash or other collateral. as a
34
result of the impacts of covid-19, we have seen an increase in demand from consumers for refunds on their tickets, and we anticipate this will continue to be the case for the near future. as of december 31, 2021, we had cash collateral reserves of approximately $1.2 billion with credit card processors recognized in accounts receivable, net or other long-term assets. we may be required to pledge additional collateral and/or post additional cash reserves or take other actions that may further reduce our liquidity. as a consequence, our financial position and liquidity could be further materially impacted.
as a result of all of the foregoing, we expect to report a net loss until we are able to resume regular voyages. our ability to forecast our cash inflows and additional capital needs is hampered, and we could be required to raise additional capital in the future. our access to and cost of financing will depend on, among other things, global economic conditions, conditions in the global financing markets, the availability of sufficient amounts of financing, the terms and conditions of our existing debt agreements and any agreements governing future indebtedness, our prospects and our credit ratings. since march 2020, moody's and s&p global have both downgraded our credit ratings. if our credit ratings were to be further downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to our rating levels, our industry, or us, our access to capital and the cost of any debt or equity financing will be further negatively impacted. accordingly, there is no guarantee that debt or equity financings will be available in the future to fund our obligations, or that they will be available on terms consistent with our expectations.
the agreements governing our indebtedness contain, and any instruments governing future indebtedness of ours may contain, covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions or prohibitions on our ability to, among other things: incur or guarantee additional debt or issue certain preference shares; pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of our share capital or make other restricted payments, including the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions to us; repurchase or redeem capital stock or subordinated indebtedness; make certain investments or acquisitions; transfer, sell or create liens on certain assets; and consolidate or merge with, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets to other companies. as a result of these covenants, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. the terms of any instruments governing future indebtedness may also require us to provide incremental collateral, which may further restrict our business operations. our ability to incur future indebtedness could be impacted by the accuracy of any appraisals of our assets as a result of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic or otherwise.
the extent of the effects of the pandemic on our business and the cruise industry at large is highly uncertain and will ultimately depend on future developments, many of which are outside of our control, including, but not limited to, the duration and severity of the pandemic, including the severity and transmission rates of more contagious and/or vaccine-resistant variants of covid-19, the availability, distribution, rate of public acceptance and efficacy of vaccines and therapeutics for covid-19, the duration and scope of related federal, state and local government orders and restrictions, the extent of the impact of covid-19 on overall demand for cruise vacations and the length of time it takes for demand and pricing to return and normal economic and operating conditions to resume, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. covid-19 has also had the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein, such as those relating to our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness, and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern our indebtedness.
additionally, epidemics, pandemics and viral outbreaks or other wide-ranging health scares in the future would likely also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if our phased restart of cruise operations does not resume as planned, we may not be in compliance with maintenance covenants in certain of our debt facilities.
certain of our debt facilities include maintenance and financial covenants. for example, under the senior secured credit facility, we are required to maintain a loan to value ratio of no less than 0.70 to 1.00. financial covenants include free liquidity of no less than $200,000,000 at all times, a total net funded debt to total capitalization ratio of less than 0.86 to 1.00 on march 31, 2023, 0.85 to 1.00 on june 30, 2023 and 0.83 to 1.00 at the end of each fiscal quarter thereafter and an ebitda to consolidated debt service ratio of at least 1.25 to 1.00 at the end of each fiscal quarter unless free liquidity is greater than or equal to $200,000,000 at that time. the testing of the covenants under the senior secured credit facility
35
has been suspended to and including december 31, 2022, with the exception of the free liquidity test. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we paused our global fleet cruise operations from march 2020 until july 2021. although we resumed our cruise voyages on a limited basis in july 2021, if we are unable to re-commence our normal operations in the time period and manner expected or if we must again pause our voyages, we may be out of compliance with some or all of the maintenance and financial covenants in certain of our debt facilities. if we expect to not be in compliance, we would expect to seek waivers from the lenders under these facilities or renegotiate these facilities prior to any covenant violation.
any covenant waiver or renegotiation of any of our debt facilities has led, and may in the future lead, to increased costs, increased interest rates, additional restrictive covenants and other available lender protections that would be applicable to us under these debt facilities, and such increased costs, restrictions and modifications may vary among debt facilities. our ability to provide additional lender protections under these facilities will be limited by the restrictions in our indebtedness. there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain waivers or renegotiate these facilities in a timely manner, on acceptable terms or at all. if we were not able to obtain a covenant waiver under any one or more of these debt facilities or renegotiate such facilities, we would be in default of such agreements, which could result in cross defaults to our other debt agreements. as a consequence, we would need to refinance or repay the applicable debt facility or facilities, and would be required to raise additional debt or equity capital, or divest assets, to refinance or repay such facility or facilities. if we were to be unable to obtain a covenant waiver under any one or more of these debt facilities or renegotiate these facilities, there can be no assurance that we would be able to raise sufficient debt or equity capital, or divest assets, to refinance or repay such facility or facilities.
with respect to each of these debt facilities, if we were unable to or did not obtain a waiver, renegotiate or refinance or repay such debt facilities, it would lead to an event of default under such facilities, which could lead to an acceleration of the indebtedness under such debt facilities. in turn, this would lead to an event of default and potential acceleration of amounts due under all of our outstanding debt and derivative contract payables. if we were unable to repay those amounts, the holders of our secured indebtedness could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness, which includes a significant portion of our assets including our ships. any such action would have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. as a result, the failure to obtain the covenant waivers or renegotiate our facilities as described above would have a material adverse effect on us and our ability to service our debt obligations.
we anticipate that we will need additional financing in the future, which may not be available on favorable terms, or at all, and our outstanding exchangeable notes and any future financing may be dilutive to existing shareholders.
we anticipate that we will need additional equity and/or debt financing to fund our operations in the future, especially if our phased resumption of cruise voyages does not progress as expected. we may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to us, or at all, depending on market and other conditions. the ability to raise additional financing depends on numerous factors that are outside of our control, including general economic and market conditions, the health of financial institutions, our credit ratings and investors' and lenders' assessments of our prospects and the prospects of the cruise industry in general, all of which may be impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. if we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to limitations on our operations due to restrictive covenants, which may be more restrictive than the covenants in our existing debt agreements, and we may be required to further encumber our assets. we may not have sufficient available collateral to pledge to support additional financing. if adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be unable to fund our operations or respond to competitive pressures, which could negatively affect our business. our credit ratings, which have been downgraded as a result of the impact on our business of the covid-19 pandemic, could be further downgraded, which could have an impact on the availability and/or cost of financing. in addition, we may conclude that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to operate as a going concern, which could have additional effects on our credit ratings and the availability and/or cost of financing. there can be no assurance that our ability to access the credit and/or capital markets will not be adversely affected by changes in the financial markets and the global economy. if we are not able to fulfill our liquidity needs through operating cash flows and/or borrowings under credit facilities or otherwise in the capital markets, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected and it may be necessary for us to reorganize our company in its entirety, including through bankruptcy proceedings, and our shareholders may lose their investment in our ordinary shares.
36
if we raise additional funds through equity and/or debt issuances, nclh's shareholders could experience dilution of their ownership interest, and these securities could have rights, preferences, and privileges that are superior to that of holders of nclh's ordinary shares. further, the exchange of some or all of our outstanding exchangeable notes may dilute the ownership interests of nclh's shareholders. upon exchange of any of the exchangeable notes, any sales in the public market of nclh's ordinary shares issuable upon such exchange could adversely affect prevailing market prices of nclh's ordinary shares. in addition, the existence of the exchangeable notes may encourage short selling by market participants that engage in hedging or arbitrage activity, and anticipated exchange of any of the exchangeable notes into nclh ordinary shares could depress the price of nclh's ordinary shares.
our indebtedness, and the agreements governing our indebtedness, may limit our flexibility in operating our business and a substantial majority of our assets are collateral under our debt agreements.
a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations is dedicated to the repayment of our indebtedness, which may limit our available funds for other business functions and strategic opportunities and may make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, the economy and the industry in which we operate. we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, including refinancing our indebtedness, which may not be successful. any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations.
in addition, the agreements governing our indebtedness contain, and any instruments governing future indebtedness of ours may contain, covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions or prohibitions on our ability to, among other things: incur or guarantee additional debt or issue certain preference shares; pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of our share capital or make other restricted payments, including the ability of nclh's subsidiaries, including nclc, to pay dividends or make distributions to nclh; repurchase or redeem capital stock or subordinated indebtedness; make certain investments or acquisitions; transfer, sell or create liens on certain assets; and consolidate or merge with, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets to other companies. as a result of these covenants, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs.
any further impairment of our trade names or goodwill could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
we evaluate trade names and goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently when circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. several factors including a challenging operating environment, such as the operating environment created by the covid-19 pandemic, impacts affecting consumer demand or spending, the deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions, or other factors could result in a change to the future cash flows we expect to derive from our operations. reductions of the cash flows used in the impairment analyses may result in the recording of an impairment charge to a reporting unit's trade name or goodwill. we recognized significant impairment losses during 2020 related to the covid-19 pandemic. we believe that we have made reasonable estimates and judgments. however, a change in our estimated future operating cash flows may result in a decline in fair value in future periods, which may result in a need to recognize additional impairment charges.
the impact of volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets could increase our counterparty credit risks, including those under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees.
economic downturns, including failures of financial institutions and any related liquidity crisis, can disrupt the capital and credit markets. such disruptions could cause counterparties under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees to be unable to perform their obligations or to breach their obligations to us under our contracts with them, which could include failures of financial institutions to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements and to pay us amounts that may become due under our derivative contracts and other agreements. also, we may be limited in obtaining funds to pay amounts due to our counterparties
37
under our derivative contracts and to pay amounts that may become due under other agreements. if we were to elect to replace any counterparty for their failure to perform their obligations under such instruments, we would likely incur significant costs to replace the counterparty. any failure to replace any counterparties under these circumstances may result in additional costs to us or an ineffective instrument.
in 2017, the u.k.'s financial conduct authority ("fca"), which regulated the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), announced its intention to phase out libor by the end of 2021 and the alternative reference rates committee selected the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as the rate recommended to replace u.s. dollar libor ("usd libor"). in december 2020, ice benchmark administration ("iba"), the administrator of libor, released a consultation disclosing that it would cease publication of one-week and two-month usd libor after december 31, 2021, but continue to publish the remaining tenors of usd libor for an additional 18 months, through june 30, 2023. these remaining tenors of usd libor-overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and 12-months-encompass the tenors referenced in certain of our borrowings and interest rate swaps. however, uncertainty remains as many market participants await the development of term sofr products, i.e., forward-looking rates and indices that might co-exist with sofr. in addition, recent new york state legislation effectively codified the use of sofr as the alternative to libor in the absence of another chosen replacement rate, which may affect contracts governed by new york state law.
we plan to transition away from libor as a reference rate in the coming months. we will need to amend our credit facilities to determine replacement rates, which may result in interest payments that differ from our original expectations and which may materially impact the amount of our interest payments under our variable rate debt. we will also need to consider any new contracts and whether they should reference an alternative benchmark rate or include suggested fallback language, as published by the alternative reference rates committee. additionally, sofr is calculated based on short-term repurchase agreements, backed by treasury securities. sofr is observed and backward looking, which stands in contrast with libor, which is an estimated forward-looking rate and relies, to some degree, on the expert judgment of submitting panel members. given the inherent differences between libor and sofr or any other alternative benchmark rate that may be established, there are many uncertainties regarding a transition from libor. the consequences of these developments with respect to libor cannot be entirely predicted and span multiple future periods but could result in an increase in the cost of our variable rate debt which may be detrimental to our financial position or operating results.
operational related risk factors unavailability of ports of call may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we believe that attractive port destinations are a major reason why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. the availability of ports, including the specific port facility at which our guests will embark and disembark, is affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, health, safety, and environmental concerns, existing capacity constraints, security, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters such as hurricanes, floods, typhoons and earthquakes, financial limitations on port development, political instability, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, local governmental regulations and fees, local community concerns about port development and other adverse impacts on their communities from additional tourists and sanctions programs implemented by the office of foreign assets control of the united states treasury department or other regulatory bodies. the covid-19 pandemic has at times limited the number of ports that are able and willing to accommodate passenger cruise voyages and we expect these limitations will continue as the prevalence of covid-19 fluctuates in certain destinations. in the past, regulatory changes have prohibited us from visiting ports in destinations like cuba and we have temporarily changed certain itineraries in the caribbean due to damage some ports sustained from hurricanes. there can be no assurance that our ports of call will not be similarly affected in the future. due to environmental and over-crowding concerns, some local governments have begun to take measures to limit the number of cruise ships and passengers allowed at certain destinations. for example, dubrovnik, venice and barcelona have either implemented or considered implementing such limitations on cruise ships and passengers. limitations on the availability of ports of call or on the availability of shore excursions and other service providers at such ports have adversely affected our business, financial condition and results of operations in the past and could do so in the future.
38
we rely on scheduled commercial airline services for passenger and crew connections. increases in the price of, or major changes, significant delays and disruptions, or reduction in, commercial airline services could undermine our customer base or disrupt our operations.
a number of our passengers and crew depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to ports of embarkation for our cruises. increases in the price of airfare due to increases in fuel prices, fuel surcharges, changes in commercial airline services as a result of health and safety events, strikes or other staffing shortages, weather or other events, or the lack of availability due to schedule changes or a high level of airline bookings could adversely affect our ability to deliver guests and crew to or from our ships and thereby increase our cruise operating expenses which would, in turn, have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. for example, many commercial airlines have reduced services and experienced staffing shortages and other disruptions due to the covid-19 pandemic. covid-19 related regulations have also sometimes prevented us from using commercial airline services to transport our crew members to and from our ships, which has resulted in increased costs to our company.
terrorist acts, armed conflict and threats thereof, acts of piracy, and other international events impacting the security of travel could adversely affect the demand for cruises.
the threat or possibility of future terrorist acts, an outbreak of hostilities or armed conflict abroad or the possibility or fear of such events, political unrest and instability, the issuance of travel advisories or elevated national threat warnings by national governments, an increase in the activity of pirates, and other geo-political uncertainties have had in the past and may again in the future have an adverse impact on the demand for cruises, and consequently, the pricing for cruises. decreases in demand and reduced pricing in response to such decreased demand would adversely affect our business by reducing our profitability.
adverse incidents involving cruise ships may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the operation of cruise ships carries an inherent risk of loss caused by adverse weather conditions and maritime disasters, including, but not limited to, oil spills and other environmental mishaps, extreme weather conditions such as hurricanes, floods and typhoons, fire, mechanical failure, collisions, human error, war, terrorism, piracy, political action, civil unrest and insurrection in various countries and other circumstances or events. any such event may result in loss of life or property, loss of revenue or increased costs and the frequency and severity of natural disasters may increase due to climate change. the operation of cruise ships also involves the risk of other incidents at sea or while in port, including missing guests, inappropriate crew or passenger behavior and onboard crimes, which may bring into question passenger safety, may adversely affect future industry performance and may lead to litigation against us. we have experienced accidents and other incidents involving our cruise ships in the past and there can be no assurance that similar events will not occur in the future. it is possible that we could be forced to cancel a cruise or a series of cruises due to these factors or incur increased port-related and other costs resulting from such adverse events. any such event involving our cruise ships or other passenger cruise ships may adversely affect guests' perceptions of safety or result in increased governmental or other regulatory oversight. an adverse judgment or settlement in respect of any of the ongoing claims against us may also lead to negative publicity about us. the expanded use of social media has increased the speed that negative publicity spreads and makes it more difficult to mitigate reputational damage. anything that damages our reputation (whether or not justified), could have an adverse impact on demand, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. if there is a significant accident, mechanical failure or similar problem involving a ship, we may have to place a ship in an extended dry-dock period for repairs. this could result in material lost revenue and/or increased expenditures.
the adverse impact of general economic and related factors, such as fluctuating or increasing levels of interest rates, unemployment, underemployment and the volatility of fuel prices, declines in the securities and real estate markets and perceptions of these conditions can decrease the level of disposable income of consumers or consumer confidence. the demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic conditions.
39
the demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic conditions. adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate in north america or globally, such as the volatility of fuel prices, higher interest rates, stock and real estate market declines and/or volatility, more restrictive credit markets, higher unemployment or underemployment rates, inflation, higher taxes, changes in governmental policies and political developments impacting international trade, trade disputes and increased tariffs, could reduce the level of discretionary income or consumer confidence in the countries from which we source our guests. consequently, this may negatively affect demand for cruise vacations in these countries, which are a discretionary purchase. decreases in demand for cruise vacations could result in price discounting, which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our business. in addition, these conditions could also impact our suppliers, which could result in disruptions in our suppliers' services and financial losses for us.
breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information technology and other networks or our actual or perceived failure to comply with requirements regarding data privacy and protection could impair our operations, subject us to significant fines, penalties and damages, and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the integrity and reliability of our information technology systems and networks are crucial to our business operations and disruptions to these systems or networks could impair our operations, have an adverse impact on our financial results and negatively affect our reputation and customer demand. in addition, certain networks are dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. among other things, actual or threatened natural disasters, information systems failures, computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks and other cyber-attacks may cause disruptions to our information technology, telecommunications and other networks. our business continuity, disaster recovery, data restoration plans and data and information technology security may not prevent disruptions that could result in adverse effects on our operations and financial results. we carry limited business interruption insurance for certain shoreside operations, subject to limitations, exclusions and deductibles.
as part of our ordinary business operations, we and certain of our third-party service providers collect, process, transmit and store a large volume of personally identifiable information. the security of the systems and networks where we and our service providers store this data is a critical element of our business. we experience cyber-attacks of varying degrees on our systems and networks and, as a result, unauthorized parties have obtained in the past, and may in the future obtain, access to our computer systems and networks, including cloud-based platforms. the technology infrastructure and systems of our suppliers, vendors, service providers and partners have in the past experienced and may in the future experience such attacks. cyber-attacks can include computer viruses, malware, worms, hackers and other malicious software programs or other attacks, including physical and electronic break-ins, router disruption, sabotage or espionage, disruptions from unauthorized access and tampering (including through social engineering such as phishing attacks), impersonation of authorized users and coordinated denial-of-service attacks. for example, in october 2018, we discovered limited instances of unauthorized access to certain employee e-mail communications, some of which contained proprietary business and personally identifiable information. we have implemented additional safeguards, and we do not believe that we experienced any material losses related to this incident; however, there can be no assurance that this or any other breach or incident will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results in the future. in addition, we may not be in a position to promptly address security breaches, unauthorized access or other cyber-attacks or incidents or to implement adequate preventative measures if we are unable to immediately detect such incidents. our failure to successfully prevent, mitigate or timely respond to such incidents could impair our ability to conduct business and damage our reputation.
we are also subject to laws in multiple jurisdictions relating to the privacy and protection of personal data. noncompliance with these laws or the compromise of information systems used by us or our service providers resulting in the loss, disclosure, misappropriation of or access to the personally identifiable information of our guests, prospective guests, employees or vendors could result in governmental investigation, civil liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, any or all of which could disrupt our operations and materially adversely affect our business. additionally, any material failure by us or our service providers to maintain compliance with the payment card industry security requirements or to rectify a data security issue may result in fines and restrictions on our ability to accept credit cards as a form of payment. the regulatory framework for data privacy and protection is uncertain for the foreseeable future, and it is possible that legal and regulatory obligations may continue to increase and may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent or possibly conflicting from one jurisdiction to another.
40
in the event of a data security breach of our systems and/or third-party systems or a cyber-attack or other cyber incident, we may incur costs associated with the following: response, notification, forensics, regulatory investigations, public relations, consultants, credit identity monitoring, credit freezes, fraud alert, credit identity restoration, credit card cancellation, credit card reissuance or replacement, data restoration, regulatory fines and penalties, vendor fines and penalties, legal fees, damages and settlements. in addition, data security breaches, a cyber-attack or other cyber incident may cause business interruption, information technology disruption, disruptions as a result of regulatory investigation or litigation, digital asset loss related to corrupted or destroyed data, loss of company assets, damage to our reputation, damages to intangible property and other intangible damages, such as loss of consumer confidence, all of which could impair our operations and have an adverse impact on our financial results.
changes in fuel prices and the type of fuel we are permitted to use and/or other cruise operating costs would impact the cost of our cruise ship operations and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increased costs related to fuel prices.
fuel expense is a significant cost for our company. future increases in the cost of fuel globally or regulatory requirements which require us to use more expensive types of fuel, including more costly alternate fuel sources, would increase the cost of our cruise ship operations. for example, as of january 2020, the imo's convention entitled prevention of pollution from ships (marpol) set a global limit on fuel sulfur content of 0.5% (reduced from the previous 3.5% global limit). various compliance methods, such as the use of low-sulfur fuels or exhaust gas cleaning systems that reduce an equivalent amount of sulfur emissions, may be utilized. we have elected to install exhaust gas cleaning systems on some ships in our fleet, which will allow us to continue to use high-sulfur fuel on those ships in certain areas. however, if exhaust gas cleaning systems are not widely used in the industry, low demand for high-sulfur fuel may increase the price for such fuel. ships in our fleet that do not have exhaust gas cleaning systems, and in specified areas even ships with exhaust gas cleaning systems, will be required to use low-sulfur fuels. low-sulfur fuels may be costly due to increased demand and scarcity if suppliers are not able to produce sufficient quantities. we may also be required to use alternate fuel sources in the future as additional regulations aimed at reducing carbon intensity are introduced or in order to achieve any emissions reductions targets we may adopt. for example, the imo adopted two new requirements going into effect in 2023, the carbon intensity indicator and energy efficiency ship index which each regulate carbon emissions for ships. in addition, we could experience increases in other cruise operating costs due to market forces and economic or political instability resulting from increases or volatility in fuel expense. our hedging program may not be successful in mitigating higher fuel costs, and any price protection provided may be limited due to market conditions, including choice of hedging instruments, breakdown of correlation between hedging instrument and market price of fuel and failure of hedge counterparties. to the extent that we use hedge contracts that have the potential to create an obligation to pay upon settlement if fuel prices decline significantly, such hedge contracts may limit our ability to benefit fully from lower fuel costs in the future. additionally, deterioration in our financial condition could negatively affect our ability to enter into new hedge contracts in the future.
mechanical malfunctions and repairs, delays in our shipbuilding program, maintenance and refurbishments and the consolidation of qualified shipyard facilities could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the new construction, refurbishment, repair and maintenance of our ships are complex processes and involve risks similar to those encountered in other large and sophisticated equipment construction, refurbishment and repair projects. our ships are subject to the risk of mechanical failure or accident, which we have occasionally experienced and have had to repair. for example, in the past we have had to delay or cancel cruises due to mechanical issues on our ships. there can be no assurance that we will not experience similar events in the future. if there is a mechanical failure or accident in the future, we may be unable to procure spare parts when needed or make repairs without incurring material expense or suspension of service, especially if a problem affects certain specialized maritime equipment, such as the radar, a pod propulsion unit, the electrical/power management system, the steering gear or the gyro system.
in addition, availability, work stoppages, insolvency or financial problems in the shipyards' construction, refurbishment or repair of our ships, or other "force majeure" events that are beyond our control and the control of shipyards or subcontractors, could also delay or prevent the newbuild delivery, refurbishment and repair and maintenance of our ships. any termination or breach of contract following such an event may result in, among other things, the forfeiture of
41
prior deposits or payments made by us, potential claims and impairment of losses. a significant delay in the delivery of a new ship, or a significant performance deficiency or mechanical failure of a new ship could also have an adverse effect on our business. currently, the impacts of covid-19 on the shipyards where our ships are under construction (or will be constructed) have resulted in some delays in expected ship deliveries, and the impacts of covid-19 could result in additional delays in ship deliveries in the future, which may be prolonged. the consolidation of the control of certain european cruise shipyards could result in higher prices for the construction of new ships and refurbishments and could limit the availability of qualified shipyards to construct new ships. also, the lack of qualified shipyard repair facilities could result in the inability to repair and maintain our ships on a timely basis. additionally, we are reliant on a third party to oversee certain newbuild and dry-dock projects. any occurrence that prevented such third party from continuing to oversee such projects or substantially increased the costs related to such oversight could have an adverse effect on our operations. these potential events and the associated losses, to the extent that they are not adequately covered by contractual remedies or insurance, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
conducting business internationally may result in increased costs and risks.
we operate our business internationally and plan to continue to develop our international presence. operating internationally exposes us to a number of risks, including political risks, risks of increases in duties and taxes, risks relating to anti-bribery laws, as well as risks that laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses, or governing the operations of foreign-based companies may change. additional risks include imposition of trade barriers, withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries and changes in and application of foreign taxation structures, including value added taxes. if we are unable to address these risks adequately, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
operating internationally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory requirements. in many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. we have implemented safeguards and policies to prevent violations of various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business by our employees and agents. however, our existing safeguards and policies and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and our employees or agents may engage in conduct prohibited by our policies, but for which we nevertheless may be held responsible. if our employees or agents violate our policies, if we fail to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record our transactions or if we fail to implement or maintain other adequate safeguards, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions or severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties.
our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or the loss of key personnel or employee relations issues may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we must continue to recruit, retain and motivate management and other employees in order to maintain our current business and support our projected growth. we need to hire and train a considerable number of qualified crew members to staff the ships that will be joining our fleet in the coming years. this may require significant efforts on the part of our management team, and our inability to hire a sufficient number of qualified crew members would adversely affect our business. currently, we are a party to collective bargaining agreements with certain crew members. any future amendments to such collective bargaining agreements or inability to satisfactorily renegotiate such agreements may increase our labor costs and have a negative impact on our financial condition. in addition, although our collective bargaining agreements have a no-strike provision, they may not prevent a disruption in work on our ships in the future. any such disruptions in work could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
our executive officers and other members of senior management have substantial experience and expertise in our business and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. the unexpected loss of services of one or more of these individuals could materially adversely affect us.
the impacts of and uncertainty related to the covid-19 pandemic may make it more difficult to retain crew members to re-staff our fleet as we continue our phased relaunch of ships and to recruit new employees generally.
42
impacts related to climate change may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
there has been an increased focus on greenhouse gas and other emissions from global regulators, consumers and other stakeholders. regulations addressing climate change that have already been adopted or are being considered, as described under "risks related to the regulatory environment in which we operate," may have significant adverse impacts to our profitability and operations. in addition, concern about climate change may cause consumers to avoid certain kinds of travel including cruise and air travel, which could impact our ability to source guests. increasing concerns about greenhouse gas emissions may attract scrutiny from investors and may make it more difficult for us to raise capital. our ships, port facilities, corporate offices and island destinations may also be adversely affected by an increase in the frequency and intensity of adverse weather conditions caused by climate change. we may be required or choose to make significant investments in technology, equipment and alternative fuels in order to achieve any climate-related targets we may set and our profitability and operations may be adversely impacted by such investments.
our inability to obtain adequate insurance coverage may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
there can be no assurance that our risks are fully insured against or that any particular claim will be fully paid by our insurance. such losses, to the extent they are not adequately covered by contractual remedies or insurance, could affect our financial results. in addition, we have been and continue to be subject to calls, or premiums, in amounts based not only on our own claim records, but also the claim records of all other members of the protection and indemnity associations through which we receive indemnity coverage for tort liability. our payment of these calls and increased premiums could result in significant expenses to us. if we, or other members of our protection and indemnity associations, were to sustain significant losses in the future, our ability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or at all could be materially adversely affected. for example, in the past our protection and indemnity associations have increased certain deductibles and determined not to cover certain categories of claims. moreover, irrespective of the occurrence of such events, there can still be no assurance that we will be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or at all.
litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and damage our reputation.
our business is subject to various u.s. and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. in addition, improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. in certain circumstances, it may not be economical to defend against such matters, and a legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
as a result of any ship-related or other incidents, litigation claims, enforcement actions and regulatory actions and investigations, including, but not limited to, those arising from personal injury, loss of life, loss of or damage to personal property, business interruption losses or environmental damage to any affected coastal waters and the surrounding area, may be asserted or brought against various parties, including us and/or our cruise brands. the time and attention of our management may also be diverted in defending such claims, actions and investigations. subject to applicable insurance coverage, we may also incur costs both in defending against any claims, actions and investigations and for any judgments, fines, civil or criminal penalties if such claims, actions or investigations are adversely determined.
the u.s. government announced that, effective may 2, 2019, it will no longer suspend the right of private parties to bring litigation under title iii of the cuban liberty and solidarity (libertad) act of 1996, popularly known as the helms-burton act, allowing certain individuals whose property was confiscated by the cuban government beginning in 1959 to sue anyone who "traffics" in the property in question in u.s. courts. a claim against us is pending and additional claims may be brought against us in the future. if these suits are successful, they could result in substantial monetary damages against the company. lawsuits and investigations stemming from covid-19 have also been brought against us, and we may be subject to additional lawsuits and investigations related to covid-19 in the future. we cannot predict
43
the number or outcome of any such proceedings and the impact that they will have on our financial results, but any such impact may be material.
we rely on third parties to provide hotel management services for certain ships and certain other services, and we are exposed to risks facing such providers. in certain circumstances, we may not be able to replace such third parties or we may be forced to replace them at an increased cost to us.
we rely on external third parties to provide hotel management services for certain ships and certain other services that are vital to our business. if these service providers suffer financial hardship or are otherwise unable to continue providing such services, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to replace such service providers in a timely manner, which may cause an interruption in our operations. to the extent that we are able to replace such service providers, we may be forced to pay an increased cost for equivalent services. both the interruption of operations and the replacement of the third-party service providers at an increased cost could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results.
we earn revenues, pay expenses, purchase and own assets and incur liabilities in currencies other than the u.s. dollar; most significantly a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly british pound, canadian dollar, euro and australian dollar. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against our other major currencies may adversely affect our u.s. dollar financial results and will reduce the u.s. dollar amount received upon conversion of these currencies into u.s. dollars.
we have historically and may in the future enter into ship construction contracts denominated in euros or other foreign currencies. while we have entered into foreign currency derivatives to manage a portion of the currency risk associated with such contracts, we are exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate for the portions of the ship construction contracts that have not been hedged. additionally, if the shipyard is unable to perform under the related ship construction contract, any foreign currency hedges that were entered into to manage the currency risk would need to be terminated.
our expansion into new markets and investments in new markets and land-based destination projects may not be successful.
we believe there remains significant opportunity to expand our passenger sourcing into major markets in the future, such as europe and australia, as well as into emerging markets and to expand our itineraries in new markets. expansion into new markets requires significant levels of investment and attention from management. there can be no assurance that these markets will develop as anticipated or that we will have success in these markets, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment spent to expand our business into these markets and may forgo opportunities in more lucrative markets, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. we have also made, and plan to continue to make, investments in land-based projects including port facilities and destination projects that are susceptible to impacts from, among other things, weather events, regulatory restrictions, labor risks, shortages of goods and materials and resistance from local populations. any such impacts to our land-based projects could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
overcapacity in key markets or globally could adversely affect our operating results.
we continue to expand our fleet through our newbuild program and expect to add nine additional ships to our fleet through 2027. our competitors have also announced similar expansions to their fleets. these increases in capacity in the cruise industry globally and potential overcapacity in certain key markets may cause us to lower pricing, which would reduce profitability and adversely affect our results of operations. additionally, older ships in our fleet may not be as competitive as new ships enter the market and we may not be able to sell such older ships at optimal prices.
44
risks related to the regulatory environment in which we operate we are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental, health and safety, labor, data privacy and protection and maritime laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our operations and certain recently introduced laws and regulations and future changes in laws and regulations could lead to increased costs and/or decreased revenue.
increasingly stringent and complex international, federal, state, and local laws and regulations addressing environmental protection and health and safety of workers could affect our operations. the imo, a united nations agency with responsibility for the safety and security of shipping and the prevention of marine pollution by ships, the council of the european union, individual countries, the united states, and individual states have implemented and are considering, new laws and rules to manage cruise ship operations. many aspects of the cruise industry are subject to international treaties such as solas, an international safety regulation, marpol, imo's requirements governing environmental protection, and stcw, an imo regulation governing ship manning. in the united states, the environmental protection agency and the u.s. coast guard both have regulations addressing cruise ship operations.
the u.s. and various state and foreign government and regulatory agencies have enacted or are considering new environmental regulations and policies aimed at restricting or taxing emissions, including those of greenhouse gases, requiring the use of low-sulfur fuels, requiring the use of shore power while in port, increasing fuel efficiency requirements, reducing the threat of invasive species in ballast water, and improving sewage and greywater-handling capabilities. for example, marpol regulations have established special emission control areas ("ecas") with stringent limitations on sulfur and nitrogen oxide emissions from fuel burning aboard ships. ships operating in designated ecas are generally expected to meet the new sulfur oxide emissions limits through the use of low-sulfur fuels or installation of exhaust gas cleaning systems. in 2021, the imo adopted two new requirements going into effect in 2023, the carbon intensity indicator (the "cii") and energy efficiency ship index (the "eexi") which each regulate carbon emissions for ships. the cii is an operational metric designed to measure how efficiently a ship transports goods or passengers by looking at carbon dioxide emissions per nautical mile. ships are given an annual rating from a to e with a c or better required for compliance. for ships that receive a d rating for three consecutive years, or an e rating for one year, a corrective action plan will need to be developed and approved. in 2023, ships will be required to reduce carbon intensity by 5% from a 2019 baseline with 2% incremental improvements each year thereafter until 2030. the eexi is a design re-certification requirement that updates energy efficiency requirements for existing ships and regulates carbon dioxide emissions related to installed engine power, transport capacity and ship speed. in addition, in july 2021, the e.u. published proposed legislation that would extend its carbon dioxide emissions trading system to the maritime transport sector. under the proposal, ships over 5,000 gross tons that transport passengers or cargo to or from e.u. member state ports would be required to purchase and surrender emissions allowances equivalent to emissions for all or a half of a covered voyage, depending on whether the voyage was between two e.u. ports or an e.u. and a non-e.u. port. the requirements are proposed to be phased in from 2023 to 2026. beginning in 2023, covered entities would be required to surrender allowances equivalent to 20% of their verified emissions, with the amount increasing to 45% in 2024, 70% in 2026, and 100% in 2026.
compliance with such laws and regulations may entail significant expenses for ship modification and the purchase of emissions allowances, increase costs for compliant newbuilds, render some ships obsolete, significantly increase costs for alternative fuels and require changes in operating procedures, including limitations on our ability to operate in certain locations or slowing the speed of our ships, which could adversely impact our operations. these issues are, and we believe will continue to be, areas of focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world. this could result in the enactment of more stringent regulation of cruise ships that would subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future. some environmental groups continue to lobby for more extensive oversight of cruise ships and have generated negative publicity about the cruise industry and its environmental impact.
additionally, in the past, states have implemented taxes that impact the cruise industry. it is possible that other states, countries or ports of call that our ships regularly visit may also decide to assess new taxes or fees or change existing taxes or fees specifically applicable to the cruise industry and its employees and/or guests, which could increase our operating costs and/or could decrease the demand for cruises.
45
future changes in applicable tax laws, or our inability to take advantage of favorable tax regimes, could increase the amount of taxes we must pay.
we believe and have taken the position that our income that is considered to be derived from the international operation of ships as well as certain income that is considered to be incidental to such income ("shipping income"), is exempt from u.s. federal income taxes under section 883, based upon certain assumptions as to shareholdings and other information as more fully described in "item 1-business-taxation." the provisions of section 883 are subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect.
we believe and have taken the position that substantially all of our income derived from the international operation of ships is properly categorized as shipping income and that we do not have a material amount of non-qualifying income. it is possible, however, that a much larger percentage of our income does not qualify (or will not qualify) as shipping income. moreover, the exemption for shipping income is only available for years in which nclh will satisfy complex stock ownership tests or the publicly traded test under section 883 as described in "item 1-business-taxation-exemption of international shipping income under section 883 of the code." there are factual circumstances beyond our control, including changes in the direct and indirect owners of nclh's ordinary shares, which could cause us or our subsidiaries to lose the benefit of this tax exemption. finally, any changes in our operations could significantly increase our exposure to either the net tax regime or the 4% regime (each as defined in "item 1-business-taxation"), and we can give no assurances on this matter.
if we or any of our subsidiaries were not to qualify for the exemption under section 883, our or such subsidiary's u.s.-source income would be subject to either the net tax regime or the 4% regime (each as defined in "item 1-business-taxation"). as of the date of this filing, we believe that nclh and its subsidiaries will satisfy the publicly traded test imposed under section 883 and therefore believe that nclh will qualify for the exemption under section 883. however, as discussed above, there are factual circumstances beyond our control that could cause nclh to not meet the stock ownership or publicly traded tests. therefore, we can give no assurances on this matter. we refer you to "item 1-business-taxation."
we may be subject to state, local and non-u.s. income or non-income taxes in various jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business, own property or reside. we may be required to file tax returns in some or all of those jurisdictions. our state, local or non-u.s. tax treatment may not conform to the u.s. federal income tax treatment discussed above. we may be required to pay non-u.s. taxes on dispositions of foreign property or operations involving foreign property that may give rise to non-u.s. income or other tax liabilities in amounts that could be substantial.
the various tax regimes to which we are currently subject result in a relatively low effective tax rate on our worldwide income. these tax regimes, however, are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. for example, legislation has been proposed in the past that would eliminate the benefits of the exemption from u.s. federal income tax under section 883 and subject all or a portion of our shipping income to taxation in the u.s. moreover, we may become subject to new tax regimes and may be unable to take advantage of favorable tax provisions afforded by current or future law, including exemption of branch profits and dividend withholding taxes under the u.s. - u.k. income tax treaty on income derived in respect of our u.s.-flagged operation.
our ability to comply with economic substance requirements in certain jurisdictions and increased costs and efforts associated with our efforts to comply may have a negative impact on our operations.
our company and certain of its subsidiaries may be subject to economic substance requirements in their jurisdictions of formation, including, but not limited to, bermuda, guernsey, isle of man, british virgin islands, cayman islands, the bahamas, saint lucia and marshall islands. pursuant to the legislation passed in each jurisdiction, entities subject to each jurisdiction's laws that carry out relevant activities as specified in such laws, are required to demonstrate substantial economic substance in that jurisdiction. in general terms, substantial economic substance means: (i) the entity is actually directed and managed in the jurisdiction; (ii) core income-generating activities relating to the applicable relevant activity are performed in the jurisdiction; (iii) there are adequate employees in the jurisdiction; (iv) the entity maintains adequate physical presence in the jurisdiction; and (v) there is adequate operating expenditure in the jurisdiction. we have evaluated the activities of nclh, nclc and their subsidiaries and have concluded that in some cases, those activities
46
are 'relevant activities' for the purposes of the applicable economic substance laws and that, consequently, certain entities within our organization will be required to demonstrate compliance with these economic substance requirements. we may be subject to increased costs and our management team may be required to devote significant time to satisfying economic substance requirements in certain of these jurisdictions. if such entities cannot establish compliance with these requirements, we may be liable to penalties and fines in the applicable jurisdictions and/or required to re-domicile such entities to different jurisdictions that may have tax regimes and other regulatory regimes which may be less favorable.
risks related to nclh's ordinary shares shareholders of nclh may have greater difficulties in protecting their interests than shareholders of a u.s. corporation.
we are a bermuda exempted company. the companies act 1981 of bermuda (the "companies act"), which applies to nclh, differs in material respects from laws generally applicable to u.s. corporations and their shareholders. taken together with the provisions of nclh's bye-laws, some of these differences may result in you having greater difficulties in protecting your interests as a shareholder of nclh than you would have as a shareholder of a u.s. corporation. this affects, among other things, the circumstances under which transactions involving an interested director are voidable, whether an interested director can be held accountable for any benefit realized in a transaction with our company, what approvals are required for business combinations by our company with a large shareholder or a wholly-owned subsidiary, what rights you may have as a shareholder to enforce specified provisions of the companies act or nclh's bye-laws, and the circumstances under which we may indemnify our directors and officers.
nclh does not expect to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future.
nclh does not currently pay dividends to its shareholders and nclh's board of directors may never declare a dividend. our existing debt agreements restrict, and any of our future debt arrangements may restrict, among other things, the ability of nclh's subsidiaries, including nclc, to pay distributions to nclh and nclh's ability to pay cash dividends to its shareholders. in addition, any determination to pay dividends in the future will be entirely at the discretion of nclh's board of directors and will depend upon our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, business opportunities, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that nclh's board of directors deems relevant. we are not legally or contractually required to pay dividends. in addition, nclh is a holding company and would depend upon its subsidiaries for their ability to pay distributions to nclh to finance any dividend or pay any other obligations of nclh. investors seeking dividends should not purchase nclh's ordinary shares.
provisions in nclh's constitutional documents may prevent or discourage takeovers and business combinations that nclh's shareholders might consider to be in their best interests.
nclh's bye-laws contain provisions that may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that its shareholders consider to be in their best interests. for instance, these provisions may prevent nclh's shareholders from receiving a premium to the market price of nclh's shares offered by a bidder in a takeover context. even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of nclh's shares if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. these provisions include (i) the ability of nclh's board of directors to designate one or more series of preference shares and issue preference shares without shareholder approval; (ii) a classified board of directors; (iii) the sole power of a majority of nclh's board of directors to fix the number of directors; (iv) the power of nclh's board of directors to fill any vacancy on nclh's board of directors in most circumstances, including when such vacancy occurs as a result of an increase in the number of directors or otherwise; and (v) advance notice requirements for nominating directors or introducing other business to be conducted at shareholder meetings.
additionally, nclh's bye-laws contain provisions that prevent third parties from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of its outstanding shares without the consent of nclh's board of directors and provide for the lapse of rights, and sale, of any shares acquired in excess of that limit. the effect of these provisions may preclude third parties
47
from seeking to acquire a controlling interest in nclh in transactions that shareholders might consider to be in their best interests and may prevent them from receiving a premium above market price for their shares.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations financial presentation the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures we make concerning risks and other factors that may affect our business and operating results. you should read this information in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this annual report. see also "cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements" immediately prior to part i, item 1 in this annual report.
we categorize revenue from our cruise and cruise-related activities as either "passenger ticket" revenue or "onboard and other" revenue. passenger ticket revenue and onboard and other revenue vary according to product offering, the size of the ship in operation, the length of cruises operated and the markets in which the ship operates. our revenue is seasonal based on demand for cruises, which has historically been strongest during the northern hemisphere's summer months; however, our cruise voyages were completely suspended from march 2020 until july 2021 due to the covid-19 pandemic and our resumption of cruise voyages will be phased in gradually as described under "-update regarding covid-19 pandemic" below. passenger ticket revenue primarily consists of revenue for accommodations, meals in certain restaurants on the ship, certain onboard entertainment, port fees and taxes and includes revenue for service charges and air and land transportation to and from the ship to the extent guests purchase these items from us. onboard and other revenue primarily consists of revenue from casino, beverage sales, shore excursions, specialty dining, retail sales, spa services and photo services. our onboard revenue is derived from onboard activities we perform directly or that are performed by independent concessionaires, from which we receive a share of their revenue.
our cruise operating expense is classified as follows:
   commissions, transportation and other primarily consists of direct costs associated with passenger ticket revenue. these costs include travel advisor commissions, air and land transportation expenses, related credit card fees, certain port fees and taxes and the costs associated with shore excursions and hotel accommodations included as part of the overall cruise purchase price.

   onboard and other primarily consists of direct costs incurred in connection with onboard and other revenue, including casino, beverage sales and shore excursions.

   payroll and related consists of the cost of wages and benefits for shipboard employees and costs of certain inventory items, including food, for a third party that provides crew and other hotel services for certain ships. the cost of crew repatriation, including charters, housing, testing and other costs related to covid-19 are also included.

   fuel includes fuel costs, the impact of certain fuel hedges and fuel delivery costs.

   food consists of food costs for passengers and crew on certain ships.

   other consists of repairs and maintenance (including dry-dock costs), ship insurance and other ship expenses.

critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods presented. we rely on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances to make these estimates and judgments. actual results could differ materially from these estimates. we believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated
51
financial statements. these critical accounting policies, which are presented in detail in our notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, relate to liquidity, ship accounting and asset impairment.
liquidity we make several critical accounting estimates with respect to our liquidity.
significant events affecting travel, including covid-19, typically have an impact on demand for cruise vacations, with the full extent of the impact generally determined by the length of time the event influences travel decisions. we believe the ongoing effects of covid-19 on our operations and global bookings have had, and will continue to have, a significant impact on our financial results and liquidity, and such negative impact may continue beyond the containment of the pandemic.
the estimation of our future cash flow projections includes numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. our principal assumptions for future cash flow projections include:
   expected gradual phased return to service at reduced occupancy levels, increasing over time until we reach historical occupancy levels;

   expected increase in revenue per passenger cruise day through a combination of both passenger ticket and onboard revenue as compared to 2019;

   forecasted cash collections in accordance with the terms of our credit card processing agreements (see note 13 - "commitments and contingencies"); and

   expected incremental expenses for resumption of cruise voyages, including the maintenance of and compliance with additional health and safety protocols.

due to the duration and extent of the covid-19 pandemic, further resurgences and new more contagious and/or vaccine-resistant variants of covid-19, the availability, distribution, rate of public acceptance and efficacy of vaccines and therapeutics for covid-19, our ability to comply with governmental regulations and implement new health and safety protocols, port availability, travel restrictions, bans and advisories and our ability to re-staff certain ships, we cannot predict with certainty when our full fleet will be back in service at historical occupancy levels. our projected liquidity requirements reflect our principal assumptions surrounding ongoing operating costs, as well as liquidity requirements for financing costs and necessary capital expenditures.
we cannot make assurances that our assumptions used to estimate our liquidity requirements may not change because we have never experienced a complete cessation and resumption of our cruise voyages. accordingly, the full effect of our suspension of cruise voyages on our financial performance and financial condition cannot be quantified at this time. we have made reasonable estimates and judgments of the impact of covid-19 within our financial statements and there may be material changes to those estimates in future periods. the company has taken and will continue to take proactive cost reduction and cash conservation measures to mitigate the financial and operational impacts of covid-19.
ship accounting ships represent our most significant assets, and we record them at cost less accumulated depreciation. depreciation of ships is computed on a straight-line basis over the weighted average useful lives of primarily 30 years after a 15% reduction for the estimated residual value of the ship. ship improvement costs that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized to the ship and depreciated over the shorter of the improvements' estimated useful lives or the remaining useful life of the ship. when we record the retirement of a ship component included within the ship's cost basis, we estimate the net book value of the component being retired and remove it from the ship's cost basis. repairs and maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred. we account for dry-dock costs under the direct expense method which requires us to expense all dry-dock costs as incurred.
52
we determine the weighted average useful lives of our ships based primarily on our estimates of the useful lives of the ships' major component systems on the date of acquisition, such as cabins, main diesels, main electric, superstructure and hull. the useful lives of ship improvements are estimated based on the economic lives of the new components. in addition, to determine the useful lives of the ship or ship components, we consider the impact of the historical useful lives of similar assets, manufacturer recommended lives and anticipated changes in technological conditions. given the large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require judgment and are uncertain. should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimate of ship service lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially lower or higher. in 2020, one ship had significant improvements that extended the remaining weighted average useful life of the vessel. accordingly, we updated our estimate of both its useful life and residual value based on the new weighted average useful life of its current components. the impact of the change in estimate was accounted on a prospective basis and was not material.
if circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. if we reduced our estimated weighted average 30-year ship service life by one year, depreciation expense for the year ended december 31, 2021 would have increased by $16.2 million. in addition, if our ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for the same period would have increased by $76.4 million. we believe our estimates for ship accounting are reasonable and our methods are consistently applied. we believe that depreciation expense is based on a rational and systematic method to allocate our ships' costs to the periods that benefit from the ships' usage.
asset impairment we review our long-lived assets, principally ships, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. assets are grouped and evaluated at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. for ship impairment analyses, the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of other assets and liabilities is each individual ship. we consider historical performance and future estimated results in our evaluation of potential impairment and then compare the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. if the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated expected undiscounted future cash flows, we measure the amount of the impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value. we estimate fair value based on the best information available utilizing estimates, judgments and projections as necessary. our estimate of fair value is generally measured by discounting expected future cash flows at discount rates commensurate with the associated risk.
we evaluate goodwill and trade names for impairment on december 31 or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. for our evaluation of goodwill, we use a qualitative assessment which allows us to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than 50%) that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. for trade names we also provide a qualitative assessment to determine if there is any indication of impairment.
in order to make this evaluation, we consider whether any of the following factors or conditions exist:
   changes in general macroeconomic conditions, such as a deterioration in general economic conditions; limitations on accessing capital; fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; or other developments in equity and credit markets;

   changes in industry and market conditions such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates; an increased competitive environment; a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics (in both absolute terms and relative to peers); a change in the market for an entity's products or services; or a regulatory or political development;

   changes in cost factors that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows;

53
   decline in overall financial performance (for both actual and expected performance);

   entity and reporting unit specific negative events such as changes in management, key personnel, strategy, or customers; litigation; or a change in the composition or carrying amount of net assets; and

   decline in share price (in both absolute terms and relative to peers).

we believe our estimates and judgments with respect to our long-lived assets, principally ships, goodwill, tradenames and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are reasonable. nonetheless, if there was a material change in assumptions used in the determination of such fair values or if there is a material change in the conditions or circumstances that influence such assets, we could be required to record an impairment charge. if a material change occurred or the result of the qualitative assessment indicated it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of the asset is less than its carrying value, we would conduct a quantitative assessment comparing the fair value to its carrying value.
we have concluded that our business has three reporting units. each brand, oceania cruises, regent seven seas and norwegian, constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and management regularly reviews the operating results and, therefore, each brand is considered an operating segment.
for our annual impairment evaluation, we performed a qualitative assessment for the regent seven seas reporting unit and of each brand's trade names. as part of our analysis, we performed an assessment of the key assumptions impacting the quantitative tests performed in 2020 and performed sensitivities on cash flow projections, discount rates and royalty rates. as of december 31, 2021, there was $98.1 million of goodwill remaining for the regent seven seas reporting unit. trade names were $500.5 million as of december 31, 2021. as of december 31, 2021, our annual impairment reviews support the carrying values of these assets.
non-gaap financial measures we use certain non-gaap financial measures, such as net cruise cost, adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel, adjusted ebitda, adjusted net income (loss) and adjusted eps, to enable us to analyze our performance. see "terms used in this annual report" for the definitions of these and other non-gaap financial measures. we utilize net cruise cost and adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel to manage our business on a day-to-day basis. in measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income, we believe changes in net cruise cost and adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our performance. as a result of our voluntary suspension of sailings from march 2020 until july 2021, we did not have any capacity days during the suspension period. accordingly, we have not presented herein per capacity day data for the years ended december 31, 2021 or 2020.
as our business includes the sourcing of passengers and deployment of vessels outside of the u.s., a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly british pound, canadian dollar, euro and australian dollar which are subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates versus our reporting currency, the u.s. dollar. in order to monitor results excluding these fluctuations, we calculate certain non-gaap measures on a constant currency basis, whereby current period revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are converted to u.s. dollars using currency exchange rates of the comparable period. we believe that presenting these non-gaap measures on both a reported and constant currency basis is useful in providing a more comprehensive view of trends in our business.
we believe that adjusted ebitda is appropriate as a supplemental financial measure as it is used by management to assess operating performance. we also believe that adjusted ebitda is a useful measure in determining our performance as it reflects certain operating drivers of our business, such as sales growth, operating costs, marketing, general and administrative expense and other operating income and expense. adjusted ebitda is not a defined term under gaap nor is it intended to be a measure of liquidity or cash flows from operations or a measure comparable to net income, as it does not take into account certain requirements such as capital expenditures and related depreciation, principal and interest payments and tax payments and it includes other supplemental adjustments.
54
in addition, adjusted net income (loss) and adjusted eps are non-gaap financial measures that exclude certain amounts and are used to supplement gaap net income (loss) and eps. we use adjusted net income (loss) and adjusted eps as key performance measures of our earnings performance. we believe that both management and investors benefit from referring to these non-gaap financial measures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting and analyzing future periods. these non-gaap financial measures also facilitate management's internal comparison to our historical performance. in addition, management uses adjusted eps as a performance measure for our incentive compensation during normal operations. the amounts excluded in the presentation of these non-gaap financial measures may vary from period to period; accordingly, our presentation of adjusted net income (loss) and adjusted eps may not be indicative of future adjustments or results. for example, for the year ended december 31, 2020, we incurred $1.6 billion related to impairment losses. we included this as an adjustment in the reconciliation of adjusted net income (loss) since the expenses are not representative of our day-to-day operations; however, this adjustment did not occur and is not included in the comparative period presented within this form 10-k.
you are encouraged to evaluate each adjustment used in calculating our non-gaap financial measures and the reasons we consider our non-gaap financial measures appropriate for supplemental analysis. in evaluating our non-gaap financial measures, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to the adjustments in our presentation. our non-gaap financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider these measures in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under gaap. our presentation of our non-gaap financial measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. our non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to other companies. please see a historical reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable gaap measure presented in our consolidated financial statements below in the "results of operations" section.
update regarding covid-19 pandemic suspension of cruise voyages due to the impact of covid-19, travel restrictions and limited access to ports around the world, in march 2020, the company implemented a voluntary suspension of all cruise voyages across our three brands. in the third quarter of 2021, we began a phased relaunch of certain cruise voyages with ships initially operating at reduced occupancy levels.
beginning in december 2021, the spread of the omicron variant of covid-19, with its increased transmissibility, caused several operational challenges and disruptions, including new travel restrictions and increased protocols in ports of call limiting port availability, which led to the cancellation of certain voyages in the fourth quarter of 2021 and first quarter of 2022, and the postponement of the restart of certain vessels. as of the date hereof, 16 of our 28 ships, or 70% of our berth capacity, are operating with guests on board. this excludes a vessel which was paused from service beginning december 2021 due to the cancellation of its south africa and related itineraries as a result of travel restrictions and other operational challenges due to the omicron variant. we continue to execute on the phased relaunch plans for our 28-ship fleet. we expect to have approximately 85% of capacity operating by the end of the first quarter of 2022 with the full fleet expected to be back in operation during the early part of the second quarter of 2022. refer to "item 1a. risk factors" for further details regarding the uncertainties of returning to sailing at full fleet capacity, and "item 1a. risk factors-if our phased restart of cruise operations does not resume as planned, we may not be in compliance with maintenance covenants in certain of our debt facilities" for details regarding the potential effect of delays on our debt covenants.
in connection with the expiration of the temporary extension and modification of framework for conditional sailing order on january 15, 2022, the cdc announced that it would be implementing the covid-19 program for cruise ships operating in u.s. waters (the "program"), a voluntary covid-19 risk mitigation program for foreign-flagged cruise ships operating in u.s. waters. the cdc released details regarding the program in february 2022, which we have reviewed. we currently remain opted into the program. as part of our sailsafe health and safety program, our sailsafe global health and wellness council, chaired by former head of the u.s. food and drug administration, dr. scott gottlieb, continues to advise the company on health and safety protocols in light of advancements in medicine and technology.
55
as a result of the unprecedented circumstances caused by the pandemic, we are not able to predict the full impact of the pandemic on our company. refer to "item 1a. risk factors" for further details regarding the significant impact the covid-19 pandemic has had, and is expected to continue to have, on our financial condition and operations.
modified policies our brands have launched cancellation policies for certain sailings booked during certain time periods to permit our guests to cancel cruises which were not part of a temporary suspension of voyages up to 15 days or 48 hours prior, depending on the brand, to embarkation and receive a refund in the form of a credit to be applied toward a future cruise. these programs were in place for cruises booked through specific time periods specified by brand. certain cruises booked for certain periods, will be permitted a 60-day cancellation window for refunds. the future cruise credits issued under these programs are generally valid for any sailing through december 31, 2022, and we may extend the length of time these future cruise credits may be redeemed. the use of such credits may prevent us from garnering certain future cash collections as staterooms booked by guests with such credits will not be available for sale, resulting in less cash collected from bookings to new guests. we may incur incremental commission expense for the use of these future cruise credits. in addition, to provide more flexibility to our guests, we have also extended our modified final payment schedule for most voyages on regent seven seas cruises through july 31, 2022, for certain voyages on oceania cruises through june 30, 2022 and for all voyages on norwegian cruise line through april 30, 2022, which now requires payment 60 days prior to embarkation versus the standard 120 days.
update on bookings net booking volumes at the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2021 continued to demonstrate substantial week-over-week sequential growth after the slowdown in booking activity caused by the delta variant of covid-19. net booking volumes in the latter part of the fourth quarter of 2021 began to be negatively impacted by the omicron variant of covid-19, primarily for close-in voyages in the first and second quarters of 2022. in recent weeks, as the omicron wave subsided, net booking trends have improved sequentially. as a result, the company's current cumulative booked position for the first half of 2022 is below the strong levels of 2019 at higher prices even when including the dilutive impact of future cruise credits, while booked position for the second half, when the full fleet is expected to be back in operation, is in line with the comparable 2019 period and at higher prices, also including the impact of future cruise credits. booked position for each quarter compared to the comparable quarter in 2019 improves sequentially through the year. booking trends for 2023 demonstrate continued strong demand for sailings with booked position and pricing higher and at record levels when compared to bookings for 2020 in 2019. our full fleet may not resume operations on our expected schedule and as a result, current booking data may not be informative. in addition, because of our updated cancellation policies, bookings may not be representative of actual cruise revenues.
there are remaining uncertainties about when our full fleet will be back in service at historical occupancy levels and, accordingly, we cannot estimate the impact on our business, financial condition or near- or longer-term financial or operational results with certainty; however, we expect to report a net loss until we are able to resume regular voyages. as a result of omicron variant-related impacts to operations in the first quarter of 2022, we now expect net cash provided by operating activities to be positive during the second quarter of 2022. refer to "item 1a. risk factors" for further details regarding the significant impact the covid-19 pandemic has had, and is expected to continue to have, on our financial condition and operations.
financing transactions and cost containment measures in 2021 and 2022, we continued to take actions to bolster our financial condition while our global cruise voyages are disrupted. we have taken the following additional actions to enhance our liquidity profile and financial flexibility:
   in march 2021, we received additional financing through various debt financings and an equity offering, collectively totaling $2.7 billion in gross proceeds. from the proceeds, approximately $1.5 billion was used to extinguish debt.

56
   in november 2021, we executed a $1 billion commitment through august 15, 2022 that provides additional liquidity to the company. the company has not drawn and currently does not intend to draw under this commitment. if drawn, this commitment will convert into an unsecured note maturing in april 2024.

   in november 2021, we repurchased $715.9 million aggregate principal amount of our 2024 exchangeable notes for approximately $1.4 billion.

   in november 2021, nclc issued $1.15 billion aggregate principal amount of 1.125% exchangeable senior notes due 2027, which includes the full exercise of the initial purchasers' greenshoe option. the proceeds were used to repurchase a portion of our 2024 exchangeable notes.

   in november 2021, nclh issued 46,858,854 ordinary shares to certain holders of the exchangeable senior notes due 2024 in a registered direct offering. the proceeds of such offering were used to redeem $236.25 million aggregate principal amount of our 2024 senior secured notes and $262.50 million aggregate principal amount of our 2026 senior secured notes, including any accrued but unpaid interest thereon, to pay related premiums, fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes, including the repurchase of a portion of our 2024 exchangeable notes.

   in addition, in february 2022, we received additional financing through various debt financings, collectively totaling $2.1 billion in gross proceeds, all of which has been, or will be, used to redeem all of the outstanding 2024 senior secured notes and 2026 senior secured notes and to make principal payments on debt maturing in the short-term, including, in each case, to pay any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, as well as related premiums, fees and expenses.

refer to note 8 - "long-term debt" for further details about the above transactions.
we undertook several proactive cost reduction and cash conservation measures to mitigate the financial and operational impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, including the reduction of capital expenditures and deferral of debt amortization as well as a reduction in operating expenses, including ship operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. cost savings initiatives to reduce selling, general and administrative expenses, which had already been implemented at the beginning of 2021, included the significant reduction or deferral of marketing expenditures, the implementation of hiring freezes, a 20% salary or hours reduction for certain shoreside team members, a pause in our 401(k) matching contributions, corporate travel freezes for shoreside employees, and employee furloughs. these cost savings initiatives have now been discontinued as we resume cruise voyages.
see "-liquidity and capital resources" below for more information.
we have been experiencing some cost pressure in our supply chain due to inflation. in an attempt to mitigate risks related to inflation, our supply chain department has negotiated contracts with varying terms, with a goal of providing us with the ability to take advantage of cost declines, and diversified our sourcing options.
executive overview the ongoing effects of covid-19 on our operations and global bookings have had a significant adverse effect on our results of operations.
total revenue decreased 49.4% to $0.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020. capacity days decreased by 18.1%.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, we had net loss and diluted eps of $(4.5) billion and $(12.33), respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2020, we had net loss and diluted eps of $(4.0) billion and $(15.75), respectively. operating loss decreased 26.7% to $(2.6) billion for the year ended december 31, 2021 from $(3.5) billion for the year ended december 31, 2020.
57
we had adjusted net loss and adjusted eps of $(2.9) billion and $(8.07), respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2021, including $1.6 billion of adjustments primarily consisting of losses on the extinguishment and modification of debt, compared to adjusted net loss and adjusted eps of $(2.2) billion and $(8.64), respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2020. a 65.0% decrease in adjusted ebitda was incurred for the same period. we refer you to our "results of operations" below for a calculation of adjusted net income (loss), adjusted eps and adjusted ebitda.
results of operations we reported total revenue, total cruise operating expense, operating income and net income as follows (in thousands, except per share data):

year ended december 31,
2021                  2020                   2019
total revenue                        $647,986               $1,279,908                $6,462,376
total cruise operating expense       $1,608,037             $1,693,061                $3,663,261
operating income (loss)              $(2,552,348)           $(3,484,135)              $1,178,077
net income (loss)                    $(4,506,587)           $(4,012,514)                $930,228
eps:
basic                                $(12.33)               $(15.75)                       $4.33
diluted                              $(12.33)               $(15.75)                       $4.30
the following table sets forth operating data as a percentage of total revenue:

year ended december 31,
2021   2020             2019
revenue passenger ticket                                60.6   %         67.7   %       69.9   %
onboard and other                               39.4   %         32.3   %       30.1   %
total revenue                                  100.0   %        100.0   %      100.0   %
cruise operating expense commissions, transportation and other           22.2   %         29.7   %       17.4   %
onboard and other                                8.3   %          6.7   %        6.1   %
payroll and related                             82.9   %         40.7   %       14.3   %
fuel                                            46.6   %         20.7   %        6.3   %
food                                             9.7   %          5.1   %        3.4   %
other                                           78.4   %         29.4   %        9.2   %
total cruise operating expense                 248.1   %        132.3   %       56.7   %
other operating expense marketing, general and administrative          137.6   %         58.2   %       15.1   %
depreciation and amortization                  108.2   %         56.1   %       10.0   %
impairment loss                                    -   %        125.6   %          -   %
total other operating expense                  245.8   %        239.9   %       25.1   %
operating income (loss)                      (393.9)   %      (272.2)   %       18.2   %
non-operating income (expense)
interest expense, net                        (319.9)   %       (37.7)   %      (4.2)   %
other income (expense), net                     19.1   %        (2.6)   %        0.1   %
total non-operating income (expense)         (300.8)   %       (40.3)   %      (4.1)   %
net income (loss) before income taxes        (694.7)   %      (312.5)   %       14.1   %
income tax benefit (expense)                   (0.8)   %        (1.0)   %        0.3   %
net income (loss)                            (695.5)   %      (313.5)   %       14.4   %
58
the following table sets forth selected statistical information:

year ended december 31,
2021   2020               2019
passengers carried        232,448            499,729           2,695,718
passenger cruise days   1,778,899          4,278,602          20,637,949
capacity days           3,376,703          4,123,858          19,233,459
occupancy percentage         52.7   %          103.8   %           107.3   %
gross cruise cost, net cruise cost, net cruise cost excluding fuel and adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel were calculated as follows (in thousands, except capacity days and per capacity day data):

year ended december 31,
2021                                            2020
constant                                        constant
2021                    currency            2020                        currency            2019
total cruise operating expense                                 $1,608,037              $1,601,030              $1,693,061              $1,696,364                      $3,663,261
marketing, general and administrative expense                            891,452                 887,970                 745,345                 744,999                  974,850
gross cruise cost                                                      2,499,489               2,489,000               2,438,406               2,441,363                4,638,111
less:
commissions, transportation and other expense                            143,524                 143,186                 380,710                 382,132                1,120,886
onboard and other expense                                                 54,037                  54,037                  85,678                  85,678                  394,673
net cruise cost                                                        2,301,928               2,291,777               1,972,018               1,973,553                3,122,552
less: fuel expense                                                       301,852                 301,852                 264,712                 264,712                  409,602
net cruise cost excluding fuel                                         2,000,076               1,989,925               1,707,306               1,708,841                2,712,950
less non-gaap adjustments:
non-cash deferred compensation (1)                                         3,619                   3,619                   2,665                   2,665                    2,135
non-cash share-based compensation (2)                                    124,077                 124,077                 111,297                 111,297                   95,055
severance payments and other fees (3)                                          -                       -                       -                       -                    6,514
redeployment of norwegian joy (4)                                              -                       -                       -                       -                    7,051
adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel                        $1,872,380              $1,862,229              $1,593,344              $1,594,879                      $2,602,195
capacity days                                                          3,376,703               3,376,703               4,123,858               4,123,858               19,233,459
gross cruise cost per capacity day                                                                                                                                        $241.15
net cruise cost per capacity day                                                                                                                                          $162.35
net cruise cost excluding fuel per capacity day                                                                                                                           $141.05
adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel per capacity day                                                                                                                  $135.30
(1)   non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses, which are included in payroll and related expense.

(2)   non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to equity awards, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense and payroll and related expense.

(3)   severance payments related to restructuring costs are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(4)   expenses related to the redeployment of norwegian joy from asia to the u.s. and the closing of the shanghai office, which are included in other cruise operating expense and marketing, general and administrative expense.

59
adjusted net income (loss) and adjusted eps were calculated as follows (in thousands, except share and per share data):

year ended december 31,
2021                       2020                        2019
net income (loss)                                                                                    $(4,506,587)                $(4,012,514)                           $930,228
non-gaap adjustments:
non-cash deferred compensation (1)                                                                            4,012                       3,967                            3,514
non-cash share-based compensation (2)                                                                         124,077                     111,297                         95,055
severance payments and other fees (3)                                                                         -                           -                                6,514
extinguishment and modification of debt (4)                                                                   1,428,813                   27,795                          16,676
amortization of intangible assets (5)                                                                         -                           9,831                           18,414
redeployment of norwegian joy (6)                                                                             -                           -                               30,629
impairment loss (7)                                                                                           -                           1,633,337                            -
non-cash interest on beneficial conversion feature and payment-in-kind premium (8)                            -                           26,082                               -
adjusted net income (loss)                                                                           $(2,949,685)                $(2,200,205)                         $1,101,030
diluted weighted-average shares outstanding - net income (loss) and adjusted net income (loss)                365,449,967                 254,728,932                216,475,076
diluted loss per share                                                                               $(12.33)                    $(15.75)                                  $4.30
adjusted eps                                                                                         $(8.07)                     $(8.64)                                   $5.09
(1)   non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses are included in payroll and related expense and other income (expense), net.

(2)   non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to equity awards are included in marketing, general and administrative expense and payroll and related expense.

(3)   severance payments related to restructuring costs are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(4)   losses on extinguishments and modifications of debt are primarily included in interest expense, net.

(5)   amortization of intangible assets related to the acquisition of prestige are included in depreciation and amortization expense.

(6)expenses related to the redeployment of norwegian joy from asia to the u.s. and the closing of the shanghai office, which are included in other cruise operating expense, marketing, general and administrative expense and depreciation and amortization expense.
(7)   impairment loss consists of goodwill, trade name and property and equipment impairments. the impairments of goodwill and trade names are included in impairment loss and the impairment of property and equipment is included in depreciation and amortization expense.

(8)   non-cash interest expense related to a beneficial conversion feature recognized on our exchangeable notes and additional payment-in-kind interest recognized upon transfer to the debt principal, which is recognized in interest expense, net.

60
ebitda and adjusted ebitda were calculated as follows (in thousands):

year ended december 31,
2021                                            2020                     2019
net income (loss)                           $(4,506,587)                $(4,012,514)                $930,228
interest expense, net                                  2,072,925                     482,313                  272,867
income tax (benefit) expense                               5,267                      12,467                 (18,863)
depreciation and amortization expense                    700,845                     717,840                  646,188
ebitda                                               (1,727,550)                 (2,799,894)                1,830,420
other (income) expense, net (1)                        (123,953)                      33,599                  (6,155)
non-gaap adjustments:
non-cash deferred compensation (2)                         3,619                       2,665                    2,135
non-cash share-based compensation (3)                    124,077                     111,297                   95,055
severance payments and other fees (4)                          -                           -                    6,514
redeployment of norwegian joy (5)                              -                           -                    7,051
impairment loss (6)                                            -                   1,607,797                        -
adjusted ebitda                             $(1,723,807)                $(1,044,536)                $1,935,020
(1)   in 2021 and 2020, primarily consists of gains and losses, net for forward currency exchanges and derivatives not designated as hedges. in 2019, primarily consists of gains and losses, net for forward currency exchanges and proceeds from insurance and litigation settlements.

(2)   non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses are included in payroll and related expense.

(3)   non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to equity awards are included in marketing, general and administrative expense and payroll and related expense.

(4)   severance payments related to restructuring costs are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(5)expenses related to the redeployment of norwegian joy from asia to the u.s. and the closing of the shanghai office, which are included in other cruise operating expense and marketing, general and administrative expense.
(6)   impairment loss consists of goodwill and trade name impairments.

year ended december 31, 2021 ("2021") compared to year ended december 31, 2020 ("2020")
revenue total revenue decreased 49.4% to $0.6 billion in 2021 compared to $1.3 billion in 2020. the adverse impact on revenue was due to the suspension of all cruise voyages in march 2020 through the first half of 2021 and the phased relaunch of certain cruise voyages with ships initially operating at reduced occupancy levels in the second half of 2021 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, which resulted in an 18.1% decrease in capacity days.
expense total cruise operating expense decreased 5.0% in 2021 compared to 2020. in 2021, our cruise operating expenses prior to the resumption of cruise voyages were primarily related to crew costs, including salaries, food and other travel costs; fuel; and other ongoing costs such as insurance and ship maintenance, including dry-dock expenses. the reduction in cruise operating expense in 2021 reflects lower direct costs, such as commissions, in the second half of 2021 due to fewer capacity days partially offset by increases in expenses related to our return to service, such as costs related to crew and passenger testing for covid-19. in 2020, our cruise operating expenses subsequent to the suspension of cruise voyages on march 13, 2020 primarily included the cost of protected commissions and crew costs, including salaries, food and other repatriation costs; fuel; and other ongoing costs such as insurance and ship maintenance. gross cruise cost increased 2.5% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily related to the change in costs described above offset by an increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses primarily related to the discontinuation of cost-saving initiatives described under "update regarding covid-19 pandemic-financing transactions and cost containment measures" as we return to service. total other operating expense decreased 48.2% in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to the impairment of goodwill and trade names triggered by the covid-19 pandemic in 2020. depreciation and amortization expense decreased primarily due to a $25.5 million impairment loss recognized in 2020.
61
interest expense, net was $2.1 billion in 2021 compared to $482.3 million in 2020. the increase in 2021 primarily reflects losses on extinguishment of debt and debt modification costs of $1.4 billion related to the repurchase of certain exchangeable notes as well as additional debt outstanding at higher interest rates, partially offset by lower libor. 2020 included losses on extinguishment of debt and debt modification costs of $27.8 million.
other income (expense), net was income of $124.0 million in 2021 compared to expense of $33.6 million in 2020. other income in 2021 was primarily due to gains from derivatives not designated as hedges and foreign currency exchange.  other expense in 2020 was primarily due to losses from foreign currency exchange and fuel hedges recognized in earnings as a result of the forecasted transactions no longer being probable or no longer designated as hedges.
income tax benefit (expense) was an expense of $5.3 million in 2021 compared to $12.5 million in 2020. in 2020, the tax expense is primarily due to a valuation allowance of $39.6 million recognized in the fourth quarter on certain net operating loss carryforwards partially offset by operating losses.
year ended december 31, 2020 ("2020") compared to year ended december 31, 2019 ("2019")
revenue total revenue decreased 80.2% to $1.3 billion in 2020 compared to $6.5 billion in 2019. the adverse impact on revenue was due to the cancellation of the vast majority of sailings in 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, which resulted in a 78.6% decrease in capacity days.
expense total cruise operating expense decreased 53.8% in 2020 compared to 2019. in 2020, our expenses subsequent to the suspension of voyages primarily included the cost of protected commissions and crew costs, including salaries, food and other repatriation costs; fuel; and other ongoing costs such as insurance and ship maintenance. to repatriate crew as fast as possible, the company leveraged certain ships in its fleet to assist with the repatriation efforts along with utilizing scheduled chartered flights. additionally, during the first quarter of 2020, there was a notable increase from 2019 in fuel expense associated with the international maritime organization's 2020 regulations, and cruise operating expense increased due to the addition of norwegian encore and seven seas splendor to the fleet. gross cruise cost decreased 47.4% in 2020 compared to 2019, due to a decrease in total cruise operating expense described above in addition to a 23.5% decrease in marketing, general and administrative expenses primarily due to cost savings initiatives in connection with the covid-19 pandemic as described under "update regarding covid-19 pandemic-financing transactions and cost containment measures." total other operating expense increased 89.4% in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to the impairment of goodwill and trade names triggered by the covid-19 pandemic. depreciation and amortization expense also increased primarily due to the delivery of norwegian encore in the fourth quarter of 2019 and seven seas splendor in the first quarter of 2020 as well as ship improvement projects.
interest expense, net was $482.3 million in 2020 compared to $272.9 million in 2019. the increase in 2020 is driven by additional debt outstanding at higher interest rates, partially offset by lower libor. in 2020, interest expense also reflects losses on extinguishment of debt and debt modification costs of $27.8 million. 2019 included losses on extinguishment of debt and debt modification costs of $16.7 million.
other income (expense), net was expense of $33.6 million in 2020 compared to income of $6.2 million in 2019. other expense in 2020 was primarily due to losses from foreign currency exchange and fuel hedges recognized in earnings as a result of the forecasted transactions no longer being probable or no longer designated as hedges.  other income in 2019 was primarily due to gains from insurance proceeds and a litigation settlement partially offset by losses on foreign currency exchange.
62
income tax benefit (expense) was an expense of $12.5 million in 2020 compared to a benefit of $18.9 million in 2019. in 2020, the tax expense is primarily due to a valuation allowance of $39.6 million recognized in the fourth quarter on certain net operating loss carryforwards partially offset by operating losses. during 2018, we implemented certain tax restructuring strategies that created our ability to utilize the net operating loss carryforwards of prestige, for which we had previously provided a full valuation allowance. as a result, we recorded a tax benefit of $35.7 million in connection with the reversal of substantially all of the valuation allowance in 2019.
liquidity and capital resources general as of december 31, 2021, our liquidity was $2.7 billion, consisting of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and a $1 billion commitment available through august 15, 2022. our primary ongoing liquidity requirements are to finance working capital, capital expenditures and debt service. as of december 31, 2021, we had a working capital deficit of $0.4 billion. this deficit included $1.6 billion of advance ticket sales, which represents the total revenue we collect in advance of sailing dates and accordingly are substantially more like deferred revenue balances rather than actual current cash liabilities. our business model, along with our liquidity and undrawn export-credit backed facilities, allows us to operate with a working capital deficit and still meet our operating, investing and financing needs.
during 2021 and 2022, the company completed various debt financings and equity offerings totaling $7.0 billion in gross proceeds, of which $5.5 billion was used, or will be used, to extinguish debt and make principal payments maturing in the short-term. the nclh equity offerings in march and november 2021 resulted in 99,436,801 ordinary shares being issued, which does not include any ordinary shares that may be issued pursuant to our exchangeable notes. see note 8 - "long-term debt" for further information.
in january 2021, we amended our senior secured credit facility to further defer certain amortization payments due prior to june 30, 2022 and to waive certain financial and other covenants through december 31, 2022. in connection with such amendment, our minimum liquidity requirement was increased to $200 million and such requirement applies through december 31, 2022. in november 2021, the company further amended the senior secured credit facility to provide that among other things, certain financial covenants shall be modified to provide that following the covenant relief period ending on december 31, 2022, (a) free liquidity shall be required to be greater than or equal to $200,000,000 at any time, (b) the ratio of total net funded debt to total capitalization shall be required to be not greater than 0.86 to 1.00 on march 31, 2023, 0.85 to 1.00 on june 30, 2023 and 0.83 to 1.00 thereafter, and (c) the ratio of ebitda to consolidated debt service shall be required to be greater than or equal to 1.25 to 1.00 unless free liquidity is greater than $200,000,000. this amendment also included changes to certain baskets providing the ability to make certain investments and incur debt.
in addition, in february 2021, we amended certain of our export-credit backed facilities to defer amortization payments aggregating approximately $680 million through march 31, 2022. we also amended all of our export-credit backed facilities to provide that, from the effective date of the amendments to and including december 31, 2022, certain of the financial covenants under such facilities will be suspended and the free liquidity test will be replaced by a covenant to maintain at least $200 million in free liquidity. the amendments also made certain other changes to the facilities, including imposing further restrictions on nclc's ability to incur debt, create security, issue equity and make dividends and other distributions. additionally, in december 2021, our export-credit backed facilities were amended to provide for, among other things, the expiration of certain provisions upon repayment in full of certain amortization payments that are the subject of previous deferral arrangements and the modification of certain financial covenants to apply from january 1, 2023 until september 30, 2025, including the covenant to maintain at least $200 million in free liquidity, which was previously imposed until december 31, 2022. the amendments also made certain additional changes, including the relaxation of certain restrictions on our ability to incur and repay or prepay debt, create security and make dividends and other distributions.
in july 2021, we amended nine credit facilities for our newbuild agreements and increased the combined commitments under such credit facilities by approximately $770 million to cover owner's supply (generally consisting of provisions for the ship), modifications and financing premiums.
63
in november 2021, the company executed a $1 billion commitment through august 15, 2022 that provides additional liquidity to the company. the company has not drawn and currently does not intend to draw under this commitment. if drawn, this commitment will convert into an unsecured note maturing in april 2024.
the company's monthly average cash burn for the fourth quarter of 2021 was approximately $345 million, slightly below the prior estimate of approximately $350 million. looking ahead, the company expects the first quarter of 2022 monthly average cash burn to increase to approximately $390 million driven by the continued phased relaunch of additional vessels. this cash burn rate does not include expected cash inflows from new and existing bookings or contribution from ships that have re-entered service.
cash burn rates include ongoing ship operating expenses, administrative operating expenses, interest expense, taxes, debt deferral fees and expected non-newbuild capital expenditures and excludes cash refunds of customer deposits as well as cash inflows from new and existing bookings, newbuild related capital expenditures and other working capital changes. future cash burn rate estimates also exclude unforeseen expenses. the fourth quarter of 2021 cash burn rate and first quarter of 2022 estimate reflect the previously agreed to deferral of debt amortization and newbuild related payments.
we continue to expect a gradual phased relaunch of our ships, with our ships initially operating at reduced occupancy levels as described in "update regarding covid-19 pandemic." refer to "item 1a. risk factors" for further details regarding the significant impact the covid-19 pandemic has had, and is expected to continue to have, on our financial condition and operations. the estimation of our future cash flow projections includes numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. refer to note 2 - "summary of significant accounting policies" for further information on liquidity and management's plan.
there can be no assurance that the accuracy of the assumptions used to estimate our liquidity requirements will be correct, and our ability to be predictive is uncertain due to the unknown magnitude and duration of the covid-19 global pandemic. based on the liquidity estimates and our current resources, we have concluded we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy our obligations for at least the next 12 months. nonetheless, we anticipate that we will need additional equity and/or debt financing to fund our operations in the future if we are unable to resume our cruise voyages on the schedule expected, and particularly if a substantial portion of our fleet continues to have suspended cruise voyages or operate at significantly reduced occupancy levels for a prolonged period. there is no assurance that cash flows from operations and additional financings will be available in the future to fund our future obligations. beyond 12 months, we will pursue refinancings and other balance sheet optimization transactions from time to time in order to reduce interest rates and extend debt maturities. we expect to collaborate with financing institutions regarding these refinancing and optimization transactions as opportunities arise in the short-term to amend long-term arrangements.
we have received certain financial and other debt covenant waivers and added new free liquidity requirements. at december 31, 2021, taking into account such waivers, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. if we do not continue to remain in compliance with our covenants, we would have to seek to amend the covenants. however, no assurances can be made that such amendments would be approved by our lenders. generally, if an event of default under any debt agreement occurs, then pursuant to cross default and/or cross acceleration clauses, substantially all of our outstanding debt and derivative contract payables could become due, and all debt and derivative contracts could be terminated, which would have a material adverse impact to our operations and liquidity.
since march 2020, moody's has downgraded our long-term issuer rating to b2, our senior secured rating to b1 and our senior unsecured rating to caa1. since april 2020, s&p global has downgraded our issuer credit rating to b, lowered our issue-level rating on our $875 million revolving loan facility and $1.5 billion term loan a facility to bb-, our issue-level rating on our other senior secured notes to b+ and our senior unsecured rating to b-. if our credit ratings were to be further downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to our rating levels, our industry, or us, our access to capital and the cost of any debt or equity financing will be further negatively impacted. we also have significant capacity to incur additional indebtedness under our debt agreements and may issue additional ordinary shares from time to time, subject to our authorized number of ordinary shares. however, there is no guarantee that debt or equity financings will be available in the future to fund our obligations, or that they will be available on terms consistent with our expectations.
64
as of december 31, 2021, we had advance ticket sales of $1.8 billion, including the long-term portion, which included approximately $0.7 billion of future cruise credits. we also have agreements with our credit card processors that, as of december 31, 2021, governed approximately $1.3 billion in advance ticket sales that had been received by the company relating to future voyages. these agreements allow the credit card processors to require under certain circumstances, including the existence of a material adverse change, excessive chargebacks and other triggering events, that the company maintain a reserve which would be satisfied by posting collateral. although the agreements vary, these requirements may generally be satisfied either through a percentage of customer payments withheld or providing cash funds directly to the card processor. any cash reserve or collateral requested could be increased or decreased. as of december 31, 2021, we had cash collateral reserves of approximately $1.2 billion with credit card processors recognized in accounts receivable, net or other long-term assets. we may be required to pledge additional collateral and/or post additional cash reserves or take other actions that may reduce our liquidity.
sources and uses of cash in this section, references to 2021 refer to the year ended december 31, 2021, references to 2020 refer to the year ended december 31, 2020 and references to 2019 refer to the year ended december 31, 2019.
net cash used in operating activities was $2.5 billion in 2021 compared to net cash used in operating activities of $2.6 billion in 2020 and net cash provided by operating activities of $1.8 billion in 2019. the net cash used in operating activities included net losses due to the suspension of global cruise voyages from march 2020 through july 2021 and timing differences in cash receipts and payments relating to operating assets and liabilities. the net cash used in operating activities in 2021 included net loss of $(4.5) billion and a decrease of $1.2 billion in cash from accounts receivable, which includes our collateral reserves with credit card processors, offset by an increase in advance ticket sales of $521.9 million and loss on extinguishment of $1.4 billion. the net cash used in operating activities in 2020 includes net loss of $(4.0) billion, a decrease in advance ticket sales of $811.8 million and timing differences in cash receipts and payments relating to various operating assets and liabilities, which was offset primarily by a $1.6 billion impairment loss. the net cash provided by operating activities in 2019 includes net income of $0.9 billion as well as timing differences in cash receipts and payments relating to various operating assets and liabilities, including an increase in advance ticket sales of $347.4 million.
net cash used in investing activities was $1.0 billion in 2021, primarily related to newbuild payments and ship improvement projects and net purchases and maturities of short-term investments. net cash used in investing activities was $1.0 billion in 2020, primarily related to payments for the delivery of seven seas splendor, ships under construction, ship improvement projects and shoreside projects. net cash used in investing activities was $1.7 billion in 2019, primarily related to payments for the delivery of norwegian encore, ships under construction, ship improvements and shoreside projects.
net cash provided by financing activities was $1.7 billion in 2021, primarily due to $2.6 billion in proceeds from the issuance of debt and $2.7 billion in proceeds from issuance of nclh's ordinary shares offset by $2.1 billion of debt principal repayments and $1.4 billion of early redemption premiums. net cash provided by financing activities was $6.6 billion in 2020, primarily due to $6.1 billion in proceeds from the issuance of debt and $1.5 billion in proceeds from issuance of nclh's ordinary shares. net cash used in financing activities was $53.4 million in 2019, primarily due to the repurchase of $349.9 million of nclh's ordinary shares, net repayments of our revolving loan facility and the net refinancing of term loans partially offset by the issuance of new debt.
future capital commitments future capital commitments consist of contracted commitments, including ship construction contracts. anticipated expenditures related to ship construction contracts are $1.6 billion, $2.5 billion and $1.4 billion for the years ending december 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively. we have export-credit backed financing in place for the anticipated expenditures related to ship construction contracts of $1.0 billion, $2.0 billion and $0.7 billion for the years ending december 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively. anticipated non-newbuild capital expenditures are $0.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, which includes health and safety investments. future expected capital expenditures will significantly increase our depreciation and amortization expense.
65
for the norwegian brand, we have six prima class ships on order, each ranging from approximately 140,000 to 156,300 gross tons with approximately 3,215 to 3,550 berths, with expected delivery dates from 2022 through 2027. for the regent brand, we have one explorer class ship on order to be delivered in 2023, which will be approximately 55,000 gross tons and 750 berths. for the oceania cruises brand, we have orders for two allura class ships to be delivered in 2023 and 2025. each of the allura class ships will be approximately 67,000 gross tons and 1,200 berths.
the combined contract prices of the nine ships on order for delivery was approximately 7.7 billion, or $8.8 billion based on the euro/u.s. dollar exchange rate as of december 31, 2021. we have obtained export-credit backed financing which is expected to fund approximately 80% of the contract price of each ship, subject to certain conditions. we do not anticipate any contractual breaches or cancellations to occur. however, if any such events were to occur, it could result in, among other things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us and potential claims and impairment losses which may materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
capitalized interest for the year ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was $43.6 million, $25.2 million, and $32.9 million, respectively, primarily associated with the construction of our newbuild ships.
material cash requirements as of december 31, 2021, our material cash requirements for debt and ship construction were as follows (in thousands):

2022                    2023                    2024                    2025                    2026       thereafter            total long-term debt (1)                           $1,355,898              $1,396,110              $4,478,143              $1,351,834              $2,633,812       $3,342,820            $14,558,617
ship construction contracts (2)               1,483,391               2,278,139               1,105,038               1,605,329               1,008,318               881,541               8,361,756
total                                        $2,839,289              $3,674,249              $5,583,181              $2,957,163              $3,642,130       $4,224,361            $22,920,373
(1)   includes principal as well as estimated interest payments with libor held constant as of december 31, 2021. excludes the impact of any future possible refinancings and undrawn export-credit backed facilities. subsequent to december 31, 2021, we received additional financing through various debt financings, collectively totaling $2.1 billion in gross proceeds, all of which has been, or will be, used to redeem all of the outstanding 2024 senior secured notes and 2026 senior secured notes and to make principal payments on debt maturing in the short-term, including, in each case, to pay any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, as well as related premiums, fees and expenses. see note 8 - "long-term debt" for further information.

(2)   ship construction contracts are for our newbuild ships based on the euro/u.s. dollar exchange rate as of december 31, 2020. as of december 31, 2021, we have committed undrawn export-credit backed facilities of $7.8 billion which funds approximately 80% of our ship construction contracts.

for other operational commitments for lease and port obligations we refer you to note 5 - "leases" and note 13 - "commitments and contingencies," respectively, for further information.
funding sources certain of our debt agreements contain covenants that, among other things, require us to maintain a minimum level of liquidity, as well as limit our net funded debt-to-capital ratio, and maintain certain other ratios. substantially all of our ships are pledged as collateral for certain of our debt. we have received certain financial and other debt covenant waivers through december 31, 2022 and added new free liquidity requirements. we believe we were in compliance with these covenants as of december 31, 2021.
in addition, our existing debt agreements restrict, and any of our future debt arrangements may restrict, among other things, the ability of our subsidiaries, including nclc, to make distributions and/or pay dividends to nclh and nclh's ability to pay cash dividends to its shareholders. nclh is a holding company and depends upon its subsidiaries
66
for their ability to pay distributions to it to finance any dividend or pay any other obligations of nclh. however, we do not believe that these restrictions have had or are expected to have an impact on our ability to meet any cash obligations.
in light of the measures described under "update regarding covid-19 pandemic-financing transactions and cost containment measures", we believe our cash on hand, short-term investments, the undrawn $1 billion commitment, the expected return of a portion of the cash collateral from our credit card processors, expected future operating cash inflows and our ability to issue debt securities or additional equity securities, will be sufficient to fund operations, debt payment requirements, capital expenditures and maintain compliance with covenants under our debt agreements over the next 12-month period. certain debt covenant waivers and modifications were received in 2021 to enable the company to maintain this compliance. refer to "-liquidity and capital resources" for further information regarding the debt covenant waivers and liquidity requirements.
other certain service providers may require collateral in the normal course of our business. the amount of collateral may change based on certain terms and conditions. as a routine part of our business, depending on market conditions, exchange rates, pricing and our strategy for growth, we regularly consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. we may also consider the sale of ships, potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. if any of these transactions were to occur, they may be financed through the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness, through cash flows from operations, or through the issuance of debt, equity or equity-related securities.
we refer you to "-liquidity and capital resources" for information regarding collateral provided to our credit card processors.
