item 1a - risk factors nrg's risk factors are grouped into the following categories: (i) risks related to the acquisition of direct energy; (ii) risks related to the operation of nrg's business; (iii) risks related to governmental regulation and laws; (iv) risks related to public health threats; and (v) risks related to economic and financial market conditions, and the company's indebtedness.
risks related to the acquisition of direct energy the acquisition of direct energy may not achieve its intended results.
achieving the anticipated benefits of cost savings and operating efficiencies of the acquisition is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the businesses of nrg and direct energy are integrated in an efficient and effective manner. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, lower-than-expected revenues or income generated by the combined company and diversion of management's time and energy, which could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial results and prospects.
the company will be subject to business uncertainties related to direct energy that could adversely affect its financial results.
uncertainty about the effects of the acquisition of direct energy on employees, customers and suppliers may have an adverse effect on nrg's business. although the company intends to take steps designed to reduce any adverse effects, these uncertainties may impair its ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel for a period of time, and could cause customers, suppliers and others that deal with it to seek to change existing business relationships.
employee retention and recruitment may be particularly challenging, as employees and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the company. if, despite the company's retention and recruiting efforts, key employees depart or fail to accept employment with nrg because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with nrg, the company's financial results could be affected.
the integration of nrg and direct energy may disrupt or have a negative impact on the company's business.
the acquisition of direct energy is complex, and the company will devote significant time and resources to integrating its operations with the operations of nrg. nrg could have difficulty integrating the acquired assets and personnel of direct energy with its own. the integration of nrg and direct energy may place a significant burden on management and internal resources. the diversion of management attention away from ongoing business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition. risks that could impact the company negatively include:
•the difficulty of managing and integrating direct energy and its operations;
•the potential disruption of the ongoing businesses and distraction of management;
•changes in our business focus and/or management;
•difficulties in implementing and maintaining uniform processes, systems, standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies and compensation standards;
•unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications, and other systems;
•the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;
•the potential impairment of relationships with employees and partners;
•unforeseen expenses associated with the acquisition of direct energy, including delays to the integration of direct energy's business as a result of the covid-19 pandemic;
•the potential difficulty in managing an increased number of locations and employees;
•the potential loss of valuable employees;
•difficulty addressing any possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies;
•unanticipated changes in federal or state laws or regulations; and
•the effect of any government regulations that relate to the business acquired.
if the company is not successful in addressing these risks effectively, the business could be impacted. many of these factors will be outside of the company's control, and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially affect nrg's business, results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to the operation of nrg's business nrg's financial performance may be impacted by price fluctuations in the retail and wholesale power and natural gas markets, as well as fluctuations in coal and oil markets and other market factors that are beyond the company's control.
market prices for power, capacity, ancillary services, natural gas, coal and oil are unpredictable and tend to fluctuate substantially. unlike most other commodities, electric power can only be stored on a very limited basis and generally must be produced concurrently with its use. as a result, power prices are subject to significant volatility due to supply and demand imbalances, especially in the day-ahead and spot markets. long and short-term power and gas prices may also fluctuate substantially due to other factors outside of the company's control, including:
•changes in generation capacity in the company's markets, including the addition of new supplies of power as a result of the development of new plants, expansion of existing plants, the continued operation of uneconomic power plants due to state subsidies, retirement of existing plants or addition of new transmission capacity;
•environmental regulations and legislation;
•electric supply disruptions, including plant outages and transmission disruptions;
•changes in power and gas transmission infrastructure;
•fuel price volatility and transportation capacity constraints or inefficiencies;
•changes in law, including judicial decisions;
•weather conditions, including extreme weather conditions and seasonal fluctuations, including the effects of climate change;
•changes in commodity prices and the supply of commodities, including but not limited to natural gas, coal and oil;
•changes in the demand for power or gas, or in patterns of power or gas usage, including the potential development of demand-side management tools and practices, distributed generation, and more efficient end-use technologies;
•development of new fuels, new technologies and new forms of competition for the production of power;
•economic and political conditions;
•federal, state and provincial power regulations and legislation, and regulations and actions of the iso and rtos;
•changes in prices related to recs; and
•changes in capacity prices and capacity markets.
while retail rates are generally designed to allow retail sellers of electricity and natural gas to pass through price fluctuations and other changes to costs, the company may not be able to pass through all such changes to customers. for example, serving retail power customers in isos that have a capacity market exposes the company to the risk that capacity costs can change and may not be recoverable, or the company may engage in sales of power at fixed prices. additionally, increases in wholesale costs to retail customers may cause additional customer defaults or increased customer attrition, or may be impacted by regulatory rules.
further, in low natural gas price environments, natural gas can be the more cost-competitive fuel compared to coal for generating electricity. the company enters into guaranteed supply contracts to provide for the amount of coal needed to operate its base load coal-fired generating facilities, the company may experience periods where it holds excess amounts of coal if fuel pricing results in the company reducing or idling coal-fired generating facilities. in addition, the company may incur costs to terminate supply contracts for coal in excess of its generating requirements.
such factors and the associated fluctuations in power prices have affected the company's wholesale and retail profitability in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future.
volatile power and gas supply costs and demand for power and gas could adversely affect the financial performance of nrg's retail operations.
nrg's retail power operations purchase a significant portion of their supply from third parties. all of the gas sold by the company in retail and wholesale markets is purchased from third parties. as a result, financial performance depends on the ability to obtain adequate supplies of power and gas from third parties at prices below the prices nrg charges its customers. consequently, the company's earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected in any period in which the wholesale power or gas prices rise at a greater rate than the rates the company can charge to customers. the price of wholesale electricity and gas supply purchases associated with the retail operations' energy commitments can be different than that reflected in the rates charged to customers due to, among other factors:
•varying supply procurement contracts used and the timing of entering into related contracts;
•subsequent changes in the overall price of natural gas;
•daily, monthly or seasonal fluctuations in the price of natural gas relative to the 12-month forward prices;
•transmission and transportation constraints and the company's ability to move power or gas to its customers; and
•changes in market heat rate (i.e., the relationship between power and natural gas prices).
the company's earnings and cash flows could also be adversely affected in any period in which its customers' actual usage of electricity or gas significantly varies from the forecasted usage, which could occur due to, among other factors, weather events, changes in usage patterns, competition and economic conditions.
substantially all of nrg's businesses operates, wholly or partially, without long-term power sale agreements.
many of nrg's retail customers are contracted for a period of one year or less, and nrg may or may not hedge its retail power sales exposure, or may hedge in a manner that is not effective at managing quantity or price risk in the retail market. in addition, many of nrg's generation facilities are exposed to market risk because they operate as "merchant" facilities without long-term power sales agreements for some or all of their generating capacity and output. without the benefit of long-term power sales or purchase agreements, and without long-term load obligations, nrg cannot be sure that it will be able to sell or purchase power at commercially attractive rates or that its generation facilities will be able to operate profitably. this could lead to future impairments of the company's property, plants and equipment, the closing of certain of its facilities or the loss of retail customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
competition may have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, cash flows and the market value of its assets.
nrg has numerous competitors in all aspects of its business, and additional competitors may enter the industry. the company's retail operations specifically face competition for customers. competitors may offer different products, lower prices, and other incentives which may attract customers away from the company. in some retail electricity markets, the principal competitor may be the incumbent utility. the incumbent utility has the advantage of long-standing relationships with its customers and strong brand recognition. furthermore, nrg may face competition from other energy service providers, other energy industry participants, or nationally branded providers of consumer products and services, who may develop businesses that will compete with nrg.
the company's plant operations face competition from newer or more efficient plants owned by competitors, which may put some of the company's plants at a disadvantage to the extent these competitors are able to consume the same or less fuel as the company's plant. over time, the company's plants may be unable to compete with these more efficient plants, which could result in retirements.
nrg's competitors may have greater liquidity, greater access to credit and other financial resources, lower cost structures, more effective risk management policies and procedures, greater ability to incur losses, longer-standing relationships with customers, greater potential for profitability from retail sales or greater flexibility in the timing of their sale of generation capacity and ancillary services than nrg does. competitors may also have better access to subsidies or other out-of-market payments that put nrg at a competitive disadvantage.
nrg's competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new laws or regulations or emerging technologies, or devote greater resources to marketing of retail energy than nrg can. in addition, current and potential competitors may make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties. accordingly, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among current and new competitors may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share.
there can be no assurance that nrg will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and any failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
nrg's costs, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely impacted by disruption of its fuel supplies.
nrg relies on natural gas, coal and oil to fuel a majority of its power generation facilities. grid operations depend on the continuing financial viability of contractual counterparties, as well as the infrastructure (including rail lines, rail cars, barge facilities, roadways, riverways and natural gas pipelines) available to serve generation facilities and to ensure that there is sufficient power produced to meet retail demand. as a result, the company's wholesale generation facilities are subject to the risks of disruptions or curtailments in the production of power at its generation facilities if no fuel is available at any price, if a counterparty fails to perform or if there is a disruption in the fuel delivery infrastructure.
nrg routinely hedges both its wholesale sales and purchases to support its retail load obligations. in order to hedge these obligations, the company may enter into long-term and short-term contracts for the purchase and delivery of fuel. many of the forward power sales contracts do not allow the company to pass through changes in fuel costs or discharge the power sale obligations in the case of a disruption in fuel supply due to force majeure events or the default of a fuel supplier or transporter.
disruptions in the company's fuel supplies or power supply arrangements may therefore require it to find alternative fuel sources at higher costs, to find other sources of power to deliver to retail customers or other counterparties at a higher cost, or to pay damages to counterparties for failure to deliver power or sell electricity or natural gas as contracted. any such event could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial performance.
nrg also buys significant quantities of energy and fuel on a short-term or spot market basis. prices sometimes rise or fall significantly over a relatively short period of time. the price nrg can obtain for the sale of energy may not rise at the same rate, or may not rise at all, to match a rise in fuel or delivery costs. retail rates may also not rise at the same rate or may not rise at all. this may have a material adverse effect on the company's financial performance.
nrg's plant operating characteristics and equipment, particularly at its coal-fired plants, often dictate the specific fuel quality to be combusted. the availability and price of specific fuel qualities may vary due to supplier financial or operational disruptions, transportation disruptions and force majeure. at times, coal of specific quality may not be available at any price or the company may not be able to transport such coal to its facilities on a timely basis. in this case, the company may not be able to run the coal facility even if it would be profitable. operating a coal facility with different quality coal can lead to emission or operating problems. if the company had sold forward the power from such a coal facility, it could be required to supply or purchase power from alternate sources, perhaps at a loss. this could have a material adverse impact on the financial results of specific plants and on the company's results of operations.
there may be periods when nrg will not be able to meet its commitments under forward sale or purchase obligations at a reasonable cost or at all.
the company may sell fixed price gas as a proxy for power. because the obligations under most of the company's forward sale agreements are not contingent on a unit being available to generate power, nrg is generally required to deliver power to the buyer, even in the event of a plant outage, fuel supply disruption or a reduction in the available capacity of the unit. to the extent that the company does not have sufficient lower-cost capacity to meet its commitments under its forward sale obligations, the company would be required to supply replacement power either by running its other, higher cost power plants or by obtaining power from third-party sources at market prices that could substantially exceed the contract price. if nrg fails to deliver the contracted power, it would be required to pay the difference between the market price at the delivery point and the contract price, and the amount of such payments could be substantial.
nrg's trading operations and use of hedging agreements could result in financial losses that negatively impact its results of operations, and nrg's hedging activities may increase the volatility in the company's quarterly and annual financial results.
the company typically enters into hedging agreements, including contracts to purchase or sell commodities at future dates and at fixed prices, to manage the commodity price risks inherent in its business. the company's risk management policies and hedging procedures may not mitigate risk as planned, and the company may fail to fully or effectively hedge its commodity supply and price risk. in addition, these activities, although intended to mitigate price volatility, expose the company to other risks. when the company sells or buys power or gas forward, it gives up the opportunity to buy or sell at the future price, which not only may result in lost opportunity costs but also may require the company to post significant amounts of cash collateral or other credit support to its counterparties. the company also relies on counterparty performance under its hedging agreements and is exposed to the credit quality of its counterparties under those agreements. further, if the values of the financial contracts change in a manner that the company does not anticipate, or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract, it could harm the company's business, operating results or financial position.
nrg does not typically hedge the entire exposure of its operations against commodity price volatility. to the extent it does not hedge against commodity price volatility, the company's results of operations and financial position may be improved or diminished based upon movement in commodity prices.
nrg may engage in trading activities, including the trading of power, fuel and emissions allowances that are not directly related to the operation of the company's generation facilities or the management of related risks. these trading activities take place in volatile markets and some of these trades could be characterized as speculative. the company would expect to settle these trades financially rather than through the production of power or the delivery of fuel. this trading activity may expose the company to the risk of significant financial losses which could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition.
nrg generally attempts to balance its fixed-price physical and financial purchases and sales commitments in terms of contract volumes and the timing of performance and delivery obligations through the use of financial and physical derivative contracts. these derivatives are accounted for in accordance with the fasb asc 815, derivatives and hedging, or asc 815, which requires the company to record all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value with changes in the fair value resulting from fluctuations in the underlying commodity prices immediately recognized in earnings, unless the derivative qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment or a scope exception. as a result, the company's quarterly and annual results are subject to significant fluctuations caused by changes in market prices.
nrg may not have sufficient liquidity to hedge market risks effectively.
the company is exposed to market risks through its retail and wholesale operations, which involve the purchase of electricity and natural gas for resale, the sale of energy, capacity and related products, and the purchase and sale of fuel, transmission services and emission allowances. these market risks include, among other risks, volatility arising from location and timing differences that may be associated with buying and transporting fuel, converting fuel into energy and delivering energy to a buyer.
nrg undertakes these market activities through agreements with various counterparties. many of the company's agreements with counterparties include provisions that require the company to provide guarantees, offset or netting arrangements, letters of credit, a first lien on assets and/or cash collateral to protect the counterparties against the risk of the company's default or insolvency. the amount of such credit support that must be provided typically is based on the difference between the price of the commodity in a given contract and the market price of the commodity. significant movements in market prices can result in the company being required to provide cash collateral and letters of credit in very large amounts. the effectiveness of the company's strategy may depend on the amount of collateral available to enter into or maintain these contracts, and liquidity requirements may be greater than the company anticipates or will be able to meet. without a sufficient amount of working capital to post as collateral in support of performance guarantees or as a cash margin, the company may not be able to manage price volatility effectively or to implement its strategy. an increase in the amount of letters of credit or cash collateral required to be provided to the company's counterparties may negatively affect the company's liquidity and financial condition.
further, if retail customers use more power or gas than expected, or if any of nrg's facilities experience unplanned outages, the company may be required to procure additional power or gas at spot market prices to fulfill contractual commitments. without adequate liquidity to meet margin and collateral requirements, the company may be exposed to significant losses, may miss significant opportunities, and may have increased exposure to the volatility of spot markets.
nrg relies on storage, transportation assets and suppliers, which it does not own or control, to deliver natural gas.
the company depends on natural gas pipelines and other transportation and storage facilities owned and operated by third parties to deliver natural gas to wholesale and retail markets and to provide retail energy services to customers. the company's ability to provide natural gas for its present and projected customers will depend upon its suppliers' ability to obtain and deliver supplies of natural gas, as well as nrg's ability to acquire supplies directly from new sources. factors beyond the control of the company and its suppliers may affect the company's ability to deliver such supplies. these factors include other parties' control over the drilling of new wells and the facilities to transport natural gas to the company's receipt points, development of additional interstate pipeline infrastructure, availability of supply sources competition for the acquisition of natural gas, priority allocations, impact of severe weather disruptions to natural gas supplies and the regulatory and pricing policies of federal and state regulatory agencies, as well as the availability of canadian reserves for export to the u.s. energy deregulation legislation may increase competition among natural gas utilities and impact the quantities of natural gas requirements needed for sales service. if supply, transportation or storage is disrupted, including for reasons of force majeure, the ability of the company to sell and deliver its products and services may be hindered. as a result, the company may be responsible for damages incurred by its customers, such as the additional cost of acquiring alternative supply at then-current market rates. these conditions could have a material impact on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
operation of power generation facilities involves significant risks and hazards customary to the power industry that could have a material adverse effect on nrg's revenues and results of operations, and nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover these risks and hazards.
the ongoing operation of nrg's facilities involves risks that include the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency and the inability to transport the company's products to its customers in an efficient manner due to a lack of transmission capacity. unplanned outages of generating units, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the company's business. unplanned outages typically increase the company's operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce the company's revenues as a result of selling fewer mwh or incurring non-performance penalties and/or require nrg to incur significant costs as a result of obtaining replacement power from third parties in the open market or running one of its higher cost units to satisfy the company's forward power sales obligations. nrg's inability to operate the company's plants efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs, and generate earnings and cash flow from the company's asset-based businesses could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
in addition, nrg provides plant operations and commercial services to a variety of third-parties. there is a risk that mistakes, mis-operations, or actions taken by these third-parties could be attributed to nrg, including the risk of investigation or penalties being assessed to nrg in connection with the services it offers, or that regulators could question whether nrg had the appropriate safeguards in place.
power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. in addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, lightning, hurricane and wind, other hazards, such as fire, explosion, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in the company's operations. these and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. the occurrence of any one of these events may result in nrg being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/or penalties.
nrg maintains an amount of insurance protection that it considers adequate, obtains warranties from vendors and obligates contractors to meet certain performance levels, but the company cannot provide any assurance that these measures will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which it may be subject. a successful claim for which the company is not fully insured or protected could hurt its financial results and materially harm nrg's financial condition. nrg cannot provide any assurance that its insurance coverage will continue to be available at all or at rates or on terms similar to those presently available. any losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
supplier and/or customer concentration may expose the company to significant financial credit or performance risks.
nrg often relies on a single contracted supplier or a small number of suppliers for the provision of fuel, transportation of fuel, chemicals and other services required for the operation of certain of its facilities. if these suppliers cannot perform, the company utilizes the marketplace to provide these services. there can be no assurance that the marketplace can provide these services as, when and where required or at comparable prices.
the company may also hedge a portion of its exposure to power and fuel price fluctuations through various physical or financial agreements with counterparties. counterparties to these agreements may breach or may be unable to perform their obligations, and in case of renewable generation, such counterparties may be subject to additional risks, such as facility development and transmission risks, unfavorable weather and atmospheric conditions, and mechanical or operational failures. nrg may not be able to enter into replacement agreements on terms as favorable as its existing agreements, or at all. if the company is unable to enter into replacement purchase agreements or other replacement hedging agreements, the company would be exposed to market price volatility and the risk that fuel and transportation may not be available during certain periods at any price.
the failure of any supplier or customer to fulfill its contractual obligations to nrg could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial results. consequently, the financial performance of the company's facilities is dependent on the credit quality of, and continued performance by, suppliers and customers.
maintenance, expansion and refurbishment of power generation facilities involve significant risks that could result in unplanned power outages or reduced output and could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
nrg's facilities require periodic maintenance and repair. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages or any unanticipated capital expenditures could result in reduced profitability.
nrg cannot be certain of the level of capital expenditures that will be required due to changing environmental and safety laws (including changes in the interpretation or enforcement thereof) needed facility repairs and unexpected events (such as natural disasters or terrorist attacks). the unexpected requirement of large capital expenditures could have a material adverse effect on the company's liquidity and financial condition.
nrg and its subsidiaries have guaranteed the performance of third parties, which may result in substantial costs in the event of non-performance.
nrg and its subsidiaries have issued certain guarantees of the performance of others, which obligate nrg and its subsidiaries to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. in the event of non-performance by the third parties, nrg could incur substantial cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees. such performance guarantees could have a material impact on the operating results, financial condition, or cash flows of the company.
nrg relies on power transmission and distribution facilities that it does not own or control and that are subject to transmission constraints within a number of the company's core regions.
nrg depends on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by others to deliver power to its customers. if transmission or distribution is disrupted, including by force majeure events, or if the transmission or distribution infrastructure is inadequate, nrg's ability to deliver power may be adversely impacted. the company also cannot predict whether transmission or distribution facilities will be expanded in specific markets to accommodate competitive access to those markets.
in addition, in certain of the markets in which nrg operates, energy transmission congestion may occur and the company may be deemed responsible for congestion costs associated with power sales or purchases, or retail sales, particularly where the company's load is not co-located with its retail sales obligations. if nrg were liable for such congestion costs, the company's financial results could be adversely affected.
rates and terms for service of certain residential and commercial customers in alberta are subject to regulatory review and approval.
the company owns direct energy regulated services, which serves as a regulated rate supplier for residential and commercial energy customers in portions of the province of alberta. it is required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for sales of power and natural gas. these proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. the potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for the company to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. established rates are also subject to subsequent reviews by regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund or disallowed. in certain instances, the company could agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters and other cost recovery elements. these settlements are subject to regulatory approval. the ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the company to recover its costs or earn an adequate return. in addition, subsequent legislative or regulatory action could alter the terms on which the regulated business operates and future earnings could be negatively impacted. the company also operates a competitive energy supply business in alberta that is not subject to rate regulation and is subject to stringent requirements to segregate operations and information relating to the competitive business from the regulated business. failure to comply with these and other requirements on the business could subject the company's regulated and competitive businesses in alberta to fines, penalties, and restrictions on the ability to continue business.
because nrg owns less than a majority of the ownership interests of some of its project investments, the company cannot exercise complete control over their operations.
nrg has limited control over the operation of some project investments and joint ventures because the company's investments are in projects where it beneficially owns less than a majority of the ownership interests. nrg seeks to exert a degree of influence with respect to the management and operation of projects in which it owns less than a majority of the ownership interests by negotiating to obtain positions on management committees or to receive certain limited governance rights, such as rights to veto significant actions. however, the company may not always succeed in such negotiations. nrg may be dependent on its co-venturers to operate such projects. the company's co-venturers may not have the level of experience, technical expertise, human resources management or other attributes necessary to operate these projects optimally. the approval of co-venturers also may be required for nrg to receive distributions of funds from projects or to transfer the company's interest in projects.
nrg may be unable to integrate the operations of acquired entities in the manner expected.
nrg enters into acquisitions that result in various benefits, including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies. achieving the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions depends on whether the businesses can be integrated into nrg in an efficient and effective manner. the integration process could take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of valuable employees, the disruption of nrg's businesses, processes and systems or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies and compensation arrangements, any of which could divert the attention of management and adversely affect the company's ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. nrg may have difficulty addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs or decreases in the amount of expected revenues and could adversely affect nrg's future business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.
future acquisition or disposition activities could involve unknown risks and may have materially adverse effects and nrg may be subject to trailing liabilities from businesses that it disposes of or that are inactive.
nrg may in the future acquire or dispose of businesses or assets, acquire or sell books of retail customers, or pursue other business activities, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries, that involve a number of risks. the acquisition of companies and assets is subject to substantial risks, including the failure to identify material problems during due diligence, the risk of over-paying for assets or customers, the ability to retain customers and the inability to arrange financing for an acquisition as may be required or desired. further, the integration and consolidation of acquisitions requires substantial human, financial and other resources and, ultimately, the company's acquisitions may not be successfully integrated. in the case of dispositions, such risks may relate to employment matters, counterparties, regulators and other stakeholders in the disposed business, risks relating to separating the disposed assets from nrg's business, risks related to the management of nrg's ongoing business, risks unknown to nrg at the time, and other financial, legal and operational risks related to such disposition. in addition, nrg may be subject to material trailing liabilities from disposed businesses. any such risk may result in one or more costly disputes or litigation. there can be no assurances that any future acquisitions will perform as expected or that the returns from such acquisitions will support the indebtedness incurred to acquire them or the capital expenditures needed to develop them. there can also be no assurances that nrg will realize the anticipated benefits from any such dispositions. the failure to realize the anticipated returns or benefits from an acquisition or disposition could adversely affect nrg's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
risks that are beyond nrg's control, including but not limited to acts of terrorism or related acts of war, natural disaster, hostile cyber intrusions, data breaches or other catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
nrg's generation facilities and the facilities of third parties on which they rely may be targets of terrorist activities, as well as events occurring in response to or in connection with such activities, all of which could cause environmental repercussions and/or result in full or partial disruption of the facilities ability to generate, transmit, transport or distribute electricity or natural gas. strategic targets, such as energy-related facilities, may be at greater risk of future terrorist activities than other domestic targets. any such environmental repercussions or disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs beyond what could be recovered through insurance policies, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, significant weather events or terrorist actions could damage or shut down the power or gas transmission and distribution facilities upon which the company is dependent, which may reduce retail volume for extended periods of time. power or gas supply may be sold at a loss if these events cause a significant loss of retail customer demand.
numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of nrg's businesses depend on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems. hostile cyber intrusions, including those targeting information systems, as well as electronic control systems used at the generation facilities and for the distribution systems, could severely disrupt business operations and result in loss of service to customers, as well as significant expense to repair security breaches or system damage. the operation of nrg's generation plants, including stp, and of nrg's energy and fuel trading businesses rely on cyber-based technologies and, therefore, are subject to the risk that such systems could be the target of disruptive actions, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, or otherwise be compromised by unintentional events. as a result, operations could be interrupted, property could be damaged and sensitive customer information could be lost or stolen, causing nrg to incur significant losses of revenues, other substantial liabilities and damages, costs to replace or repair damaged equipment and damage to nrg's reputation. in addition, nrg may experience increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for its cyber systems and plants.
in addition, the company requires access to sensitive data in the ordinary course of business. examples of sensitive data are names, addresses, account information, historical electricity usage, expected patterns of use, payment history, credit bureau data, credit and debit card account numbers, driver's license numbers, social security numbers and bank account information. nrg provides sensitive data to vendors and service providers, who require access to this information in order to provide services to nrg, such as call center operations. if a significant breach occurs or if sensitive data that was entrusted to the company were mishandled, the reputation of nrg and its businesses may be adversely affected, customer confidence may be diminished, or nrg and its retail operations may be subject to legal claims, any of which may contribute to the loss of customers and have a negative impact on the business and/or results of operations.
the company has made investments, and may continue to make investments, in new business initiatives predominantly focused on consumer products and in markets that may not be successful, may not achieve the intended financial results or may result in product liability and reputational risk that could adversely affect the company.
nrg continues to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive energy value chain. such initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the diligence performed prior to launching an initiative or entering a market.
as part of these initiatives, the company may be liable to customers for any damage caused to customers' homes, facilities, belongings or property during the installation of company products and systems, such as home back-up generators and residential hvac system repairs, installation and replacements. where such work is performed by independent contractors, such as repairs performed under the company's home warranty and protection plan products, the company may nonetheless face claims and costs for damage. in addition, shortages of skilled labor for company projects could significantly delay a project or otherwise increase its costs. the products that the company sells or manufactures may expose the company to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or environmental or property damage, and may require product recalls or other actions. although the company maintains liability insurance, the company cannot be certain that its coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to the company on economically reasonable terms, or at all. further, any product liability claim or damage caused by the company could significantly impair the company's brand and reputation, which may result in a failure to maintain customers and achieve the company's desired growth initiatives in these new businesses.
changes in technology may impair the value of nrg's power plants and the attractiveness of its retail products, and the company may potentially be affected by emerging technologies that may over time affect change in capacity markets and the energy industry overall with the inclusion of distributed generation and clean technology.
research and development activities are ongoing in the industry to provide alternative and more efficient technologies to produce power, including wind, photovoltaic (solar) cells, hydrogen, energy storage, and improvements in traditional technologies and equipment, such as more efficient gas turbines. advances in these or other technologies could reduce the costs of power production to a level below what the company has currently forecasted, which could adversely affect its cash flows, results of operations or competitive position. technology, including distributed technology or changes in retail rate structures, may also have a material impact on the company's ability to retain retail customers.
some emerging technologies, such as distributed renewable energy technologies, broad consumer adoption of electric vehicles and energy storage devices, could affect the price of energy. these emerging technologies may affect the financial viability of utility counterparties and could have significant impacts on wholesale market prices, which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
nrg's business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by strikes or work stoppages by its unionized employees or inability to replace employees as they retire.
as of december 31, 2021, approximately 13% of nrg's employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. in the event that the company's union employees strike, participate in a work stoppage or slowdown or engage in other forms of labor strife or disruption, nrg would be responsible for procuring replacement labor or the company could experience reduced power generation or outages. although nrg's ability to procure such labor is uncertain, contingency staffing planning is completed as part of each respective contract negotiations. strikes, work stoppages or the inability to negotiate future collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, a number of the company's employees at nrg's plants are close to retirement. the company's inability to replace retiring workers could create potential knowledge and expertise gaps as such workers retire.
risks related to governmental regulation and laws nrg's business is subject to substantial energy regulation and may be adversely affected by legislative or regulatory changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future energy regulations or requirements.
nrg's business is subject to extensive u.s. federal, state and local laws and foreign laws. compliance with, or changes to, the requirements under these legal regimes may cause the company to incur significant additional costs, reduce the company's ability to hedge exposure or to sell retail power within certain states or to certain classes of retail customers, or restrict the company's marketing practices, its ability to pass through costs to retail customers, or its ability to compete on favorable terms with competitors, including the incumbent utility. retail competition and home warranty services are regulated on a state-by-state or at the province-by-province level and are highly dependent on state and provincial laws, regulations and policies, which could change at any moment. failure to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of a non-complying facility, the imposition of liens, fines, and/or civil or criminal liability.
public utilities under the fpa are required to obtain ferc acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of electricity. except for ercot generation facilities and power marketers, all of nrg's non-qualifying facility generating companies and power marketing affiliates in the u.s. make sales of electricity in interstate commerce and are public utilities for purposes of the fpa. ferc has granted each of nrg's generating and power marketing companies that make sales of electricity outside of ercot the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates. ferc's orders that grant nrg's generating and power marketing companies market-based rate authority reserve the right to revoke or revise that authority if ferc subsequently determines that nrg can exercise market power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry, or engage in abusive affiliate transactions. in addition, nrg's market-based sales are subject to certain market behavior rules, and if any of nrg's generating and power marketing companies were deemed to have violated those rules, they are subject to potential disgorgement of profits associated with the violation and/or suspension or revocation of their market-based rate authority. if nrg's generating and power marketing companies were to lose their market-based rate authority, such companies would be required to obtain ferc's acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the accounting, record-
keeping, and reporting requirements that are imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules. this could have a material adverse effect on the rates nrg charges for power from its facilities.
substantially all of the company's generation assets are also subject to the reliability standards promulgated by the designated electric reliability organization (currently nerc) and approved by ferc. if nrg fails to comply with the mandatory reliability standards, nrg could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties and increased compliance obligations. nrg is also affected by legislative and regulatory changes, as well as changes to market design, market rules, tariffs, cost allocations, and bidding rules that occur in the existing isos. the isos that oversee most of the wholesale power markets impose, and in the future may continue to impose, mitigation, including price limitations, offer caps, non-performance penalties and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility and the potential exercise of market power in these markets. these types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may have a material adverse effect on the profitability of nrg's generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets.
the regulatory environment has undergone significant changes in the last several years due to state and federal policies affecting wholesale and retail competition and the creation of incentives for the addition of large amounts of new renewable generation and, in some cases, transmission. these changes are ongoing, and the company cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will have on nrg's business. in addition, in some of these markets, interested parties have proposed material market design changes. if competitive restructuring of the electric power markets is reversed, discontinued, or delayed, the company's business prospects and financial results could be negatively impacted. in addition, since 2010, there have been a number of reforms to the regulation of the derivatives markets, both in the united states and internationally. these regulations, and any further changes thereto, or adoption of additional regulations, including any regulations relating to position limits on futures and other derivatives or margin for derivatives, could negatively impact nrg's ability to hedge its portfolio in an efficient, cost-effective manner by, among other things, potentially decreasing liquidity in the forward commodity and derivatives markets or limiting nrg's ability to utilize non-cash collateral for derivatives transactions.
nrg's business may be affected by interference in the competitive wholesale marketplace.
nrg's generation and competitive retail operations rely on a competitive wholesale marketplace. the competitive wholesale marketplace may be impacted by out-of-market subsidies, including bailouts of uneconomic nuclear plants, imports of power from canada, renewable mandates or subsidies, mandates to sell power below its cost of acquisition and associated costs, as well as out-of-market payments to new or existing generators. these out-of-market subsidies to existing or new generation undermine the competitive wholesale marketplace, which can lead to premature retirement of existing facilities, including those owned by the company. if these measures continue, capacity and energy prices may be suppressed, and the company may not be successful in its efforts to insulate the competitive market from this interference. the company's retail operations may be materially impacted by rules or regulations that allow regulated utilities to participate in competitive retail markets or own and operate facilities that could be provided by competitive market participants.
the integration of the capacity performance product into the pjm market could lead to substantial changes in capacity income and non-performance penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
pjm operates a pay-for-performance model where capacity payments are modified based on real-time generator performance. capacity market prices are sensitive to design parameters, as well as additions of new capacity. nrg may experience substantial changes in capacity income and non-performance penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg's ownership interest in a nuclear power facility subjects the company to regulations, costs and liabilities uniquely associated with these types of facilities.
under the atomic energy act of 1954, as amended, or aea, ownership and operation of stp, of which nrg indirectly owns a 44% interest, is subject to regulation by the nrc. such regulation includes licensing, inspection, enforcement, testing, evaluation and modification of all aspects of nuclear reactor power plant design and operation, environmental and safety performance, technical and financial qualifications, decommissioning funding assurance and transfer and foreign ownership restrictions. the current facility operating licenses for stp expire on august 20, 2047 (unit 1) and december 15, 2048 (unit 2).
there are unique risks to owning and operating a nuclear power facility. these include liabilities related to the handling, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, release and use of radioactive materials, particularly with respect to spent nuclear fuel, and uncertainties regarding the ultimate, and potential exposure to, technical and financial risks associated with modifying or decommissioning a nuclear facility. the nrc could require the shutdown of the plant for safety reasons or refuse to permit restart of the unit after unplanned or planned outages. new or amended nrc safety and regulatory requirements may give rise to additional operation and maintenance costs and capital expenditures. additionally, aging equipment may require more capital expenditures to keep each of these nuclear power plants operating efficiently. this equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages, or any unanticipated capital expenditures, could result in reduced profitability. stp will be obligated to continue storing spent nuclear fuel if the u.s. doe continues to fail to meet its contractual obligations to stp made pursuant to the u.s. nuclear waste policy act of 1982 to accept and dispose of stp's spent nuclear fuel. costs associated with these risks could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition or cash flow to the extent not covered by the decommissioning trusts or recovered from ratepayers. in addition, to the extent that all or a part of stp is required by the nrc to permanently or temporarily shut down or modify its operations, or is otherwise subject to a forced outage, nrg may incur additional costs to the extent it is obligated to provide power from more expensive alternative sources - either nrg's own plants, third party generators or the ercot - to cover the company's then existing forward sale obligations. such shutdown or modification could also lead to substantial costs related to the storage and disposal of radioactive materials and spent nuclear fuel.
while stp maintains property and liability insurance for losses related to nuclear operations, there may be limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available. see also item 15 - note 23, commitments and contingencies, nuclear insurance. an accident at stp or another nuclear facility could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, its operational results, or liquidity as losses may exceed the insurance coverage available and/or may result in the obligation to pay retrospective premium obligations.
nrg is subject to environmental laws that impose extensive and increasingly stringent requirements on the company's ongoing operations, as well as potentially substantial liabilities arising out of environmental contamination. these environmental requirements and liabilities could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg is subject to the environmental laws of foreign and u.s., federal, state and local authorities. the company must comply with numerous environmental laws and obtain numerous governmental permits and approvals to build and operate the company's plants. federal and state environmental laws generally have become more stringent over time. should nrg fail to comply with any environmental requirements that apply to its operations, the company could be subject to administrative, civil and/or criminal liability and fines, and regulatory agencies could take other actions seeking to curtail the company's operations. in addition, when new requirements take effect or when existing environmental requirements are revised, reinterpreted or subject to changing enforcement policies, nrg's business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
nrg's businesses are subject to physical, market and economic risks relating to potential effects of climate change, and policies at the national, regional and state levels to regulate ghg emissions and mitigate climate change could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
fluctuations in weather and other environmental conditions, including temperature and precipitation levels, may affect consumer demand for electricity or natural gas. in addition, the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events, could disrupt nrg's operations and supply chain, and cause it to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these effects. these or other changes in climate could lead to increased operating costs or capital expenses. nrg's customers may also experience the potential physical impacts of climate change and may incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these efforts, including increasing the mix and resiliency of their energy solutions and supply.
hazards customary to the power production industry include the potential for unusual weather conditions, which could affect fuel pricing and availability, the company's route to market or access to customers, i.e., transmission and distribution lines, transportation and delivery, or critical plant assets. the contribution of climate change to the frequency or intensity of weather-related events could affect nrg's operations and planning process.
climate change could also affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for the continued operation of nrg's generation plants. nrg monitors water risk carefully. if it is determined that a water supply risk exists that could impact projected generation levels at any plant risk mitigation efforts are identified and evaluated for implementation.
further, demand for nrg's energy-related services could be similarly impacted by consumers' preferences or market factors favoring energy efficiency, low-carbon power sources or reduced electricity usage.
nrg's ghg emissions for 2021 can be found in item 1, business -environmental regulatory matters. ghg regulation, at the state or federal level, could increase the cost of electricity generated by fossil fuels, and such increases could reduce demand for the power nrg generates and markets. any increase in costs at a national, regional or state level could adversely affect nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows changes in data privacy and data protection laws and regulations or any non-compliance with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect nrg's business and financial results.
the consumer privacy landscape continues to experience momentum for greater privacy protection and reform at the state and federal level in response to precedents set forth by the general data protection regulation (the "gdpr") and the california consumer privacy act (the "ccpa"). the development and evolving nature of domestic and international privacy regulation and enforcement could impact and potentially limit how nrg processes personally identifiable information. the 2020 enactment of the ccpa granted certain data access rights to california residents with respect to their personal information, and with the forthcoming amendments to the ccpa supported by the california privacy rights act (the "cpra"), effective january 1, 2023, california residents will have increased access rights (including the right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information), which will be enforced by a new state privacy regulator, resulting in more scrutiny of business practices and disclosures. additional states including virginia, colorado, and nevada have similarly adopted enhanced data privacy legislation patterned after the standards set forth by ccpa, including broader data access rights, with virginia going a step further requiring businesses to perform data protection assessments for certain processing activities.
as new laws and regulations are created, requiring businesses to implement processes to enable customer access to their data and enhanced data protection and management standards, nrg cannot forecast the impact that they may have on the company's business. any non-compliance with laws may result in proceedings or actions against the company by governmental entities or individuals. moreover, any inquiries or investigations, government penalties or sanctions, or civil actions by individuals may be costly to comply with, resulting in negative publicity, increased operating costs, significant management time and attention, and may lead to remedies that harm the business, including fines, demands or orders that existing business practices be modified or terminated.
nrg's retail operations are subject to changing rules and regulations that could have a material impact on the company's profitability.
the competitiveness of nrg's retail operations partially depends on regulatory policies that establish the structure, rules, terms and conditions on which services are offered to retail customers. these policies can include, among other things, controls on the retail rates that nrg can charge, the imposition of additional costs on sales, restrictions on the company's ability to obtain new customers through various marketing channels and disclosure requirements. the company's retail operations may be materially impacted by rules or regulations that allow regulated utilities to participate in competitive retail markets or own and operate facilities that could be provided by competitive market participants. additionally, state, federal or provincial imposition of net metering or rps programs can make it more or less expensive for retail customers to supplement or replace their reliance on grid power.
the company's international operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and events beyond the company's control in the countries in which it operates, which risks may negatively impact the company's business.
the company's international operations depend on products manufactured, purchased and sold in the u.s. and internationally. in some cases, these countries have greater political and economic volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than in nrg's other markets. operating a business in a number of different regions and countries exposes the company to a number of risks, including: multiple and potentially conflicting laws, regulations and policies that are subject to change; imposition of currency restrictions on repatriation of earnings or other restraints; imposition of burdensome tariffs or quotas; national and international conflict, including terrorist acts; and political and economic instability or civil unrest that may severely disrupt economic activity in affected countries.
the occurrence of one or more of these events may negatively impact the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to public health threats public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations and financial results.
the company may face risks related to public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases. a widespread healthcare crisis, such as an outbreak of a communicable disease, could adversely affect the global economy and the company's ability to conduct its business for an indefinite period of time. for example, the ongoing global covid-19 pandemic negatively impacted local and global economies, disrupted financial markets and international trade, resulted in increased unemployment levels and impacted local and global supply chains, all of which negatively impact the electricity industry and the company's business. federal, state, and local governments had implemented various mitigation measures, including travel restrictions, border closings, restrictions on public gatherings, shelter-in-place orders and limitations on business activities. although the operations of the company are considered an essential service, some of these measures may adversely impact the ability of nrg employees, contractors, suppliers, customers, and other business partners to conduct business activities. this could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition, risk exposure and liquidity.
in particular, the continued spread of covid-19 and efforts to contain the virus could:
•adversely impact demand for the company's electricity services and other products and services and the ability of customers to pay their bills;
•cause an increase in costs for the company as a result of emergency measures taken by state and local regulatory authorities in response to the covid-19 crisis, including regulatory changes prohibiting customer disconnects and late fees;
•impact the ability of the company's partners or counterparties to perform their obligations under existing arrangements, including development projects, power purchase and sale arrangements, hedging arrangements or other commercial activities; and
•cause other unpredicted events which may have an adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial condition, risk exposure and liquidity.
the situation surrounding covid-19 remains fluid and the potential for a material impact on the company's results of operations, financial condition, risk exposure and liquidity increases the longer the virus, or any variants thereof, impacts the level of economic activity in the united states and abroad. nrg cannot reasonably estimate with any degree of certainty the future impact of covid-19, or any resurgence of covid-19 or other pandemic may have on the company's results of operations, financial position, risk exposure and liquidity.
risks related to the economic and financial market conditions, and the company's indebtedness nrg's level of indebtedness could adversely affect its ability to raise additional capital to fund its operations or return capital to stockholders. it could also expose it to the risk of increased interest rates and limit its ability to react to changes in the economy or its industry.
nrg's substantial debt could have negative consequences, including:
•increasing nrg's vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions;
•requiring a substantial portion of nrg's cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on its indebtedness, therefore reducing nrg's ability to pay dividends or to use its cash flow to fund its operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;
•limiting nrg's ability to enter into long-term power sales or fuel purchases which require credit support;
•limiting nrg's ability to obtain additional financing for working capital including collateral postings, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes;
•limiting nrg's ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing it at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors who have less debt; and
•exposing nrg to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of its borrowings are at variable rates of interest, primarily through its revolving credit facility.
the company's credit documents contain financial and other restrictive covenants that may limit the company's ability to return capital to stockholders or otherwise engage in activities that may be in its long-term best interests. nrg's failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of the company's indebtedness. the company's corporate credit agreement includes a sustainability-linked metric and sustainability-linked bonds, which could result in increased interest expense to the company if the sustainability metrics set forth therein are not met. furthermore, financial and other restrictive covenants contained in any project level subsidiary debt may limit the ability of nrg to receive distributions from such subsidiary.
in addition, nrg's ability to arrange financing, either at the corporate level, a non-recourse project-level subsidiary or otherwise, and the costs of such capital, are dependent on numerous factors, including: general economic and capital market conditions; credit availability from banks and other financial institutions; investor confidence in nrg, its partners and the regional wholesale power markets; nrg's financial performance and the financial performance of its subsidiaries; nrg's level of indebtedness and compliance with covenants in debt agreements; maintenance of acceptable credit ratings; cash flow; and provisions of tax and securities laws that may impact raising capital.
nrg may not be successful in obtaining additional capital for these or other reasons. the failure to obtain additional capital from time to time may have a material adverse effect on its business and operations.
adverse economic conditions could adversely affect nrg's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
adverse economic conditions and declines in wholesale energy prices, partially resulting from adverse economic conditions, may impact nrg's results of operations. the breadth and depth of negative economic conditions may have a wide-ranging impact on the u.s. business environment. in addition, adverse economic conditions also reduce the demand for energy commodities. reduced demand from negative economic conditions continues to impact the key domestic wholesale energy markets nrg serves. in general, economic and commodity market conditions will continue to impact nrg's unhedged future energy margins, liquidity, earnings growth and overall financial condition. in addition, adverse economic conditions, declines in wholesale energy prices, reduced demand for energy and other factors may negatively impact the trading price of nrg's common stock and impact forecasted cash flows, which may require nrg to evaluate its goodwill and other long-lived assets for impairment. any such impairment could have a material impact on nrg's financial statements.
goodwill and other intangible assets that nrg has recorded in connection with its acquisitions are subject to impairment evaluations and, as a result, the company could be required to write off some or all of this goodwill and other intangible assets, which may adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed annually or more frequently for impairment. other intangibles are also reviewed at least annually or more frequently, if certain conditions exist, and are amortized. any reduction in or impairment of the value of goodwill or other intangible assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could materially adversely affect nrg's reported results of operations and financial position in future periods.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k of nrg energy, inc., or nrg or the company, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, or securities act, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or exchange act. the words "believes," "projects," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "intends," "estimates" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause nrg's actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. these factors, risks and uncertainties include the factors described under item 1a - risk factors and the following:
•business uncertainties related to the integration of the operations of direct energy with its own;
•nrg's ability to obtain and maintain retail market share;
•general economic conditions, changes in the wholesale power and gas markets and fluctuations in the cost of fuel;
•volatile power and gas supply costs and demand for power and gas;
•changes in law, including judicial and regulatory decisions;
•hazards customary to the power production industry and power generation operations, such as fuel and electricity price volatility, unusual weather conditions, catastrophic weather-related or other damage to facilities, unscheduled generation outages, maintenance or repairs, unanticipated changes to fuel supply costs or availability due to higher demand, shortages, transportation problems or other developments, environmental incidents, or electric transmission or gas pipeline system constraints and the possibility that nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover losses as a result of such hazards;
•the effectiveness of nrg's risk management policies and procedures and the ability of nrg's counterparties to satisfy their financial commitments;
•nrg's ability to enter into contracts to sell power or gas and procure fuel on acceptable terms and prices;
•nrg's inability to estimate with any degree of certainty the future impact that covid-19, any resurgence of covid-19, or other pandemic may have on nrg's results of operations, financial position, risk exposure and liquidity;
•nrg's ability to successfully integrate, realize cost savings and manage any acquired businesses;
•nrg's ability to engage in successful acquisitions and divestitures, as well as other mergers and acquisitions activity;
•cyber terrorism and inadequate cybersecurity, data breaches or the occurrence of a catastrophic loss and the possibility that nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover losses resulting from such hazards or the inability of nrg's insurers to provide coverage;
•counterparties' collateral demands and other factors affecting nrg's liquidity position and financial condition;
•nrg's ability to operate its businesses efficiently and generate earnings and cash flows from its asset-based businesses in relation to its debt and other obligations;
•the liquidity and competitiveness of wholesale markets for energy commodities;
•government regulation, including changes in market rules, rates, tariffs and environmental laws;
•nrg's ability to develop and innovate new products, as retail and wholesale markets continue to change and evolve;
•price mitigation strategies and other market structures employed by isos or rtos that result in a failure to adequately and fairly compensate nrg's generation units;
•nrg's ability to mitigate forced outage risk;
•nrg's ability to borrow funds and access capital markets, as well as nrg's substantial indebtedness and the possibility that nrg may incur additional indebtedness in the future;
•operating and financial restrictions placed on nrg and its subsidiaries that are contained in nrg's corporate credit agreements, and in debt and other agreements of certain of nrg subsidiaries and project affiliates generally;
•the ability of nrg and its counterparties to develop and build new power generation facilities;
•nrg's ability to implement its strategy of finding ways to meet the challenges of climate change, clean air and protecting natural resources, while taking advantage of business opportunities;
•nrg's ability to increase cash from operations through operational and market initiatives, corporate efficiencies, asset strategy, and a range of other programs throughout nrg to reduce costs or generate revenues;
•nrg's ability to successfully evaluate investments and achieve intended financial results in new business and growth initiatives;
•nrg's ability to develop and maintain successful partnering relationships as needed.
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and nrg undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. the foregoing review of factors that could cause nrg's actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements included in this annual report on form 10-k should not be construed as exhaustive.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the discussion and analysis below has been organized as follows:
•executive summary, including the business environment in which the company operates, a discussion of regulation, weather, competition and other factors that affect the business, and other significant events that are important to understanding the results of operations and financial condition;
•results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, including an explanation of significant differences between the periods in the specific line items of nrg's consolidated statements of operations;
•financial condition addressing credit ratings, liquidity position, sources and uses of cash, capital resources and requirements, contractual obligations and market commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements; and
•critical accounting estimates that are most important to both the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations, and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments.
as you read this discussion and analysis, refer to nrg's consolidated statements of operations in this form 10-k, which present the results of the company's operations for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, and also refer to item 1 to this form 10-k for more detail discussion about the company's business. a discussion and analysis of fiscal year 2019 may be found in part ii, item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020.
as further described in item 15 - note 4, acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements, the company determined in prior years that the following businesses were discontinued operations and recast to present their results in the corporate segment:
•south central portfolio
•nrg yield, inc. and its renewables platform
•carlsbad executive summary nrg energy, inc., or nrg or the company, is a consumer services company built on dynamic retail brands. nrg brings the power of energy to customers by producing and selling energy and related products and services, nation-wide in the u.s. and canada in a manner that delivers value to all of nrg's stakeholders. nrg sells power, natural gas, home and power services, and develops innovative, sustainable solutions, predominately under the brand names nrg, reliant, direct energy, green mountain energy, stream, and xoom energy. the company has a customer base that includes approximately 6 million home customers as well as commercial, industrial, and wholesale customers, supported by approximately 18,000 mw of generation as of december 31, 2021.
business environment the industry dynamics and external influences affecting the company, its businesses, and the retail energy and power generation industry in 2021 and for the future medium term include:
market dynamics - the price of natural gas plays an important role in setting the price of electricity in many of the regions where nrg operates. natural gas prices are driven by variables including demand from the industrial, residential, and electric sectors, productivity across natural gas supply basins, costs of natural gas production, changes in pipeline infrastructure, and the financial and hedging profile of natural gas customers and producers. in 2021, the average natural gas price at henry hub was 85% higher than in 2020.
nrg may experience impacts to gross margins due to significant, rapid changes in current natural gas prices and the lag in our ability to make a corresponding adjustment to the retail rates we charge customers on term and month to month contracts. the company hedges its load commitments in order to mitigate the impact of changes in commodity prices, and as a result, these gross margin impacts would be realized in future periods until we are able to make the corresponding adjustments to the retail customer rates.
natural gas prices are a primary driver of coal demand. coal commodity prices increased significantly in 2021, which is partly due to supply chain disruptions, as further discussed below in global supply chain disruptions, as well as stressed coal equities, which has led coal suppliers to file for bankruptcy protection, launch debt exchanges, rationalize assets, and cut production.
electricity prices - the price of electricity is a key determinant of the profitability of the company. many variables such as the price of different fuels, weather, load growth and unit availability all coalesce to impact the final price for electricity and the company's profitability. an increase in supply cost volatility in the competitive retail markets may result in smaller companies choosing to exit the market, which may result in further consolidation in the competitive retail space. the following table summarizes average on-peak power prices for each of the major markets in which nrg operates for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020. the average on-peak power prices increased significantly in texas due to the impact from winter storm uri. the average on-peak power prices increased in east and west/services/other due to higher natural gas prices.
average on-peak power price ($/mwh)
year ended december 31,                        2021 vs 2020
region                                  2021                            2020                            change %
texas (a)
ercot - houston(a)              $192.17                          $27.65                               595      %
ercot - north(a)                 189.05                           25.85                               631      %
east ny j/nyc(b)                       48.71                           24.55                                98      %
nepool(b)                         51.81                           26.52                                95      %
comed (pjm)(b)                    41.33                           22.48                                84      %
pjm west hub(b)                   45.67                           24.49                                86      %
west caiso - sp15(b)                   53.53                           38.15                                40      %
miso - louisiana hub(b)           43.05                           24.43                                76      %
(a) average on-peak power prices based on real time settlement prices as published by the respective isos
(b) average on-peak power prices based on day-ahead settlement prices as published by the respective isos the following table summarizes average realized power prices for nrg, including the impact of settled hedges, for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020:
average realized power price ($/mwh)
year ended december 31,                        2021 vs 2020
segment                              2021   2020                                                     change %
east(a)                       $36.33                          $34.92                                 4      %
west/services/other            43.63        34.80                                                   25      %
(a) average realized power price reflects energy sales from the generation fleet, including sales to the retail component of the east segment. intercompany financial transactions hedging generation with the retail operations make up ($8.03)/mwh in the year ended december 31, 2021 and $12.18/mwh in the year ended december 31, 2020
the average realized power prices increased less than average on peak power prices for the year ended december 31, 2021, as compared to the same period in 2020, due to the company's multi-year hedging program impacting average realized power prices, while on peak power prices increased due to increased natural gas prices and warmer june temperatures in california.
increased awareness of, and action to combat, climate change - diverse groups of stakeholders, including investors, asset managers, financial institutions, non-government organizations, industry coalitions, individual companies, consumer groups and academic institutions, are increasingly engaged in efforts to limit global warming in the post-industrial era to well below 2 degrees celsius. as a result, policymakers and regulators at regional, national, sub-national and local levels of government, both in the united states and other parts of the world, are increasingly focused on actions to combat climate change.
nrg actively monitors climate change related developments that could impact its business and regularly engages with a diverse set of stakeholders on these issues. such engagement helps the company identify and pursue potential opportunities both to decarbonize its business and better serve its customers. nrg is committed to providing transparent disclosures of its climate risks and opportunities to stakeholders. the company became an early supporter of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures ("tcfd") recommendations after they were issued in 2017, published a tcfd mapping disclosure in december 2020 and issued a stand-alone tcfd report in december 2021.
lower carbon infrastructure development - policy mechanisms at the state and federal level, including production and investment tax credits, cash grants, loan guarantees, accelerated depreciation tax benefits, rps, and carbon trading plans, have supported and continue to support the development of renewable generation, demand-side and smart grid, and other lower carbon infrastructure technologies. in addition, the costs associated with the development of lower carbon infrastructure, such as wind and solar generating facilities, continue to decline. these factors continue to drive increases in the development of lower carbon infrastructure in the markets where the company participates, which may impact the ability of the company's generating facilities to participate in those markets. according to ercot, 39% of 2021 energy consumption in the ercot market was generated from carbon emission-free resources, with wind power contributing 24%. in addition, subsidies and incentives have contributed to the increase in renewable power sources, and customer awareness and preferences are shifting toward sustainable solutions. increased demand for sustainable energy products from both residential and commercial customers creates opportunities for diversified product offerings in competitive retail markets.
digitization and customization - the electric industry is experiencing major technology changes in the way power is distributed and used by end-use customers. the electric grid is shifting from a centralized analog system, where power is generated from limited sources and flows in one direction, to a decentralized multidirectional system, where power can be generated from a number of distributed resources and stored or dispatched on an as-needed basis. in addition, customers are seeking new ways to engage with their power providers. technologies like smart thermostats, appliances and electric vehicles are giving individuals more choice and control over their electricity usage.
weather - weather conditions in the regions of the u.s. in which nrg conducts business influence the company's financial results. weather conditions can affect the supply and demand for electricity and fuels and may also impact the availability of the company's generating assets. changes in energy supply and demand may impact the price of these energy commodities in both the spot and forward markets, which may affect the company's results in any given period. typically, demand for and the price of electricity is higher in the summer and the winter seasons, when temperatures are more extreme. the demand for and price of natural gas is also generally higher in the winter. however, all regions of the u.s. typically do not experience extreme weather conditions at the same time, thus nrg's operations are typically not exposed to the effects of extreme weather in all parts of its business at once. a significant portion of the company's business is located within texas, and extreme weather conditions occurring in texas may have a material impact on the company's financial position.
for discussion of the recent weather event in texas, see significant events - extreme weather event in texas during february 2021 and expected uplift securitization proceeds below.
global supply chain disruptions - there are currently global supply chain disruptions impacting natural gas, coal and other fuels and materials necessary for the production and sale of electricity to our retail customers. these supply chain disruptions are due in part to increased demand driven by a number of factors outside the company's control including the covid-19 pandemic, labor shortages and extreme weather events in the u.s. these factors are impacting the dispatch of generation facilities, as well as the costs to serve our retail customers. the company expects supply chain disruptions will continue throughout the remainder of 2022. we are working closely with our suppliers and customers to minimize any potential adverse impacts of these events. we will continue to actively monitor all direct and indirect potential impacts of the supply chain disruptions, and will seek to mitigate and minimize their impact on our business.
other factors - a number of other factors significantly influence the level and volatility of prices for energy commodities and related derivative products for nrg's business. these factors include:
•seasonal, daily and hourly changes in demand;
•extreme peak demands;
•available supply resources;
•transportation and transmission availability and reliability within and between regions;
•location of nrg's generating facilities relative to the location of its load-serving opportunities;
•procedures used to maintain the integrity of the physical electricity system during extreme conditions; and
•changes in the nature and extent of federal and state regulations.
these factors can affect energy commodity and derivative prices in different ways and to different degrees. these effects may vary throughout the country as a result of regional differences in:
•weather conditions;
•market liquidity;
•capability and reliability of the physical electricity and gas systems;
•local transportation systems; and
•the nature and extent of electricity deregulation.
environmental matters, regulatory matters and legal proceedings - details of environmental matters are presented in item 15 - note 25, environmental matters, to the consolidated financial statements and item 1 - business, environmental matters. details of regulatory matters are presented in item 15 - note 24, regulatory matters, to the consolidated financial statements and item 1 - business, regulatory matters. details of legal proceedings are presented in item 15 - note 23, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements. some of this information relates to costs that may be material to the company's financial results.
significant events the following significant events occurred during 2021 and through the filing date, as further described within this management's discussion and analysis and the consolidated financial statements:
financing activities on august 23, 2021, the company issued $1.1 billion of aggregate principal amount at par of 3.875% senior notes due 2032 (the "2032 senior notes"). the 2032 senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of nrg and are guaranteed by certain of its subsidiaries. the 2032 senior notes were issued under nrg's sustainability-linked bond framework, which sets out certain sustainability targets, including reducing greenhouse gas emissions. failure to meet such sustainability targets will result in a 25 basis point increase to the interest rate payable on the 2032 senior notes from and including august 15, 2026.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, the company redeemed $1.9 billion in aggregate principal of its senior notes for $1.9 billion using the proceeds of the 2032 senior notes and cash on hand.
extreme weather event in texas during february 2021 and expected uplift securitization proceeds during february 2021, texas experienced unprecedented cold temperatures for a prolonged duration as a result of winter storm uri, resulting in a power emergency, blackouts, and an estimated all-time peak demand of 77 gw (without load shed). ahead of the event, nrg launched residential customer communications calling for conservation across all of its brands, and initiated residential and commercial and industrial demand response programs to curtail customer load. the company maximized available generating capacity and brought in additional resources to supplement in-state staff with technical and operating experts from the rest of its u.s. fleet.
the texas legislature passed house bill 4492, which among other things, authorized ercot to obtain $2.1 billion of financing to distribute to lses that were charged and paid to ercot exceptionally highly priced ordpa and ancillary service costs during winter storm uri. based on lse-level detail published by the puct on december 7, 2021, nrg will receive $689 million from ercot.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, winter storm uri's pre-tax financial impact to the company was a loss of $380 million, which reflects the recovery of $689 million of cost of operations as a result of the proceeds we will receive from the uplift securitization discussed above, with receipt expected to occur during the second quarter of 2022. the company continues to pursue additional mitigants including, but not limited to, customer bad debt mitigation, counterparty default recovery, and additional ercot default recovery.
direct energy acquisition on january 5, 2021, the company acquired direct energy, which had been a north american subsidiary of centrica. direct energy is a leading retail provider of electricity, natural gas, and home and business energy related products and services in north america, with operations in all 50 u.s. states and 8 canadian provinces. the acquisition increased nrg's retail portfolio by over 3 million customers and complements its integrated model. it also broadened the company's presence in the northeast and into states and locales where it did not previously operate, supporting nrg's objective to diversify its business. see item 15 - note 4, acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
limestone extended outage in early july 2021, limestone unit 1 came offline as a result of damage to the duct work associated with the flue gas desulfurization system. based on management's current assessment of necessary remediation efforts, limestone unit 1 is expected to remain on an outage until the second quarter of 2022.
pjm base residual auction results and planned retirement of 1,600 mws of pjm coal capacity during the second quarter of 2021, the results of the pjm base residual auction for the 2022/2023 delivery year were released, leading the company to announce the near-term retirement of a significant portion of its pjm coal generating assets in june 2022. on july 30, 2021, pjm identified reliability impacts resulting from the proposed deactivation of one of those assets, indian river unit 4. on august 27, 2021 the company notified pjm that it would continue operations at indian river unit 4 until the reliability upgrades identified by pjm were completed, provided that the unit receives a satisfactory and compensatory 'reliability must run' arrangement.
the company recorded impairment losses of $271 million and $35 million on the pjm generating assets and midwest generation goodwill, respectively, in connection with the decline in pjm capacity prices and the near-term retirement dates of certain assets. see item 15 - note 11, asset impairments to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. the company is continuing to evaluate the viability of the remaining pjm generating assets.
sale of 4.8 gw of fossil generation assets on december 1, 2021, the company sold approximately 4,850 mws of fossil generating assets from its east and west regions of operations to generation bridge, an affiliate of arclight capital partners. as part of the transaction, nrg entered into a tolling agreement for the 866 mw arthur kill plant in new york city through april 2025. see item 15 - note 4, acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
sale of agua caliente on february 3, 2021, the company completed the sale of its 35% ownership in agua caliente to clearway energy, inc. for $202 million. nrg recognized a gain on the sale of $17 million, including cash disposed of $7 million.
share repurchases in december 2021, the company's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase $1.0 billion of its common stock. through december 31, 2021, the company completed $53 million of share repurchases at an average price of $40.22 per share, including $9 million of equivalent shares purchased in lieu of tax withholdings on equity compensation issuances. through february 24, 2022, an additional $82 million of share repurchases were executed at an average price of $40.26 per share, including $6 million of equivalent shares purchased in lieu of tax withholdings on equity compensation issuances. see item 15 - note 16, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
renewable power purchase agreements the company's strategy is to procure mid to long-term generation through power purchase agreements. as of december 31, 2021, nrg has entered into ppas totaling approximately 2.6 gw with third-party project developers and other counterparties. the average tenor of these agreements is twelve years. the company expects to continue evaluating and executing similar agreements that support the needs of the business. the total gw entered into through ppas may be impacted by contract terminations when they occur.
dividend increase in the first quarter of 2021, nrg increased the annual dividend to $1.30 from $1.20 per share. in 2022, nrg further increased the annual dividend to $1.40 per share, representing an 8% increase from 2021. the company expects to target an annual dividend growth rate of 7-9% per share in subsequent years.
covid-19
while the pandemic presented risks, as further described in part ii, item 1a - risk factors of this form 10-k, to the company's business, there was not a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020.
consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020
the following table provides selected financial information for the company:
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except otherwise noted)                                                      2021                            2020                      change operating revenues retail revenue                                                                     $23,561                          $7,460                     $16,101
energy revenue(a)                                                                    1,215                             539                         676
capacity revenue(a)                                                                    775                             680                          95
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                       (164)                              95                       (259)
contract amortization                                                                 (30)                               -                        (30)
other revenues(a)(b)                                                                 1,632                             319                       1,313
total operating revenues                                                            26,989                           9,093                      17,896
operating costs and expenses cost of fuel                                                                         1,844                             851                       (993)
purchased energy and other cost of sales(c)                                         19,766                           4,069                    (15,697)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                     (2,880)                             214                       3,094
contract and emissions credit amortization(c)                                           43                               5                        (38)
operations and maintenance                                                           1,370                           1,129                       (241)
other cost of operations                                                               339                             272                        (67)
cost of operations (excluding depreciation and amortization shown below)            20,482                           6,540                    (13,942)
depreciation and amortization                                                          785                             435                       (350)
impairment losses                                                                      544                              75                       (469)
selling, general and administrative costs                                            1,293                             810                       (483)
provision for credit losses                                                            698                             108                       (590)
acquisition-related transaction and integration costs                                   93                              23                        (70)
total operating costs and expenses                                                  23,895                           7,991                    (15,904)
gain on sale of assets                                                                 247                               3                         244
operating income                                                                     3,341                           1,105                       2,236
other income/(expense)
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                         17                              17                           -
impairment losses on investments                                                         -                            (18)                          18
other income, net                                                                       63                              67                         (4)
loss on debt extinguishment, net                                                      (77)                             (9)                        (68)
interest expense                                                                     (485)                           (401)                        (84)
total other expenses                                                                 (482)                           (344)                       (138)
income before income taxes                                                           2,859                             761                       2,098
income tax expense                                                                     672                             251                         421
net income                                                                          $2,187                            $510                      $1,677
business metrics average natural gas price - henry hub ($/mmbtu)                                      $3.84                           $2.08                          85    %
(a)includes realized gains and losses from financially settled transactions
(b)includes trading gains and losses and ancillary revenues
(c)includes amortization of so2 and nox credits and excludes amortization of rggi credits gross margin the company calculates gross margin in order to evaluate operating performance as operating revenues less cost of fuel, purchased energy and other costs of sales, mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, contract and emission credit amortization and depreciation and amortization.
economic gross margin in addition to gross margin, the company evaluates its operating performance using the measure of economic gross margin, which is not a gaap measure and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report. economic gross margin should be viewed as a supplement to and not a substitute for the company's presentation of gross margin, which is the most directly comparable gaap measure. economic gross margin is not intended to represent gross margin. the company believes that economic gross margin is useful to investors as it is a key operational measure reviewed by the company's chief operating decision maker. economic gross margin is defined as the sum of retail revenue, energy revenue, capacity revenue and other revenue, less cost of fuels, purchased energy and other cost of sales. economic gross margin does not include mark-to-market gains or losses on economic hedging activities, contract amortization, emission credit amortization, depreciation and amortization, operations and maintenance, or other costs of operations.
the tables below present the composition and reconciliation of gross margin and economic gross margin for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020:
year ended december 31, 2021
($ in millions, except otherwise noted)                                        texas                                      east                             west/services/other                                                                  corporate/eliminations                           total retail revenue                                                         $8,410                                   $11,862                                        $3,290                                                                           $(1)                                       $23,561
energy revenue                                                            329                                       508                                           371                                                      7                                                                 1,215
capacity revenue                                                            -                                       718                                            57                                                                           -                             775
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                            (3)                                      (88)                                          (86)                                                      13                                                                (164)
contract amortization                                                       -                                      (26)                                           (4)                                                                           -                                             (30)
other revenue                                                           1,557                                        59                                            25                                                                           (9)                                          1,632
operating revenue(a)                                                   10,293                                    13,033                                         3,653                                                      10                                                               26,989
cost of fuel                                                          (1,424)                                     (196)                                         (224)                                                                           -                                          (1,844)
purchased energy and other costs of sales(b)(c)(d)                    (6,108)                                  (10,775)                                       (2,882)                                                                           (1)                                       (19,766)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                            988                                     1,803                                           102                                                                           (13)                                         2,880
contract and emission credit amortization                                   2                                      (28)                                          (17)                                                                           -                                             (43)
depreciation and amortization                                           (331)                                     (338)                                          (88)                                                                           (28)                                         (785)
gross margin                                                           $3,420                                    $3,499                                          $544                                                                           $(32)                                       $7,431
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net                 985                                     1,715                                            16                                                                           -                                            2,716
less: contract and emission credit amortization, net                        2                                      (54)                                          (21)                                                                           -                                             (73)
less: depreciation and amortization                                     (331)                                     (338)                                          (88)                                                                           (28)                                         (785)
economic gross margin                                                  $2,764                                    $2,176                                          $637                                                                           $(4)                                        $5,573
(a) includes trading gains and losses and ancillary revenues
(b) includes capacity and emissions credits
(c) includes $2,648 million, $183 million and $1,033 million of tdsp expense in texas, east, and west/services/other respectively
(d) excludes depreciation and amortization shown separately business metrics                                                               texas                                      east                             west/services/other                                                                  corporate/eliminations                           total home electricity sales volume (gwh)                                    42,397                                    14,108                                         2,252                                                                           -                                           58,757
business electricity sales volume (gwh)                                34,367                                    53,204                                        10,625                                                                           -                                           98,196
home natural gas retail sales volumes (mdth)                                -                                    74,920                                        97,272                                                                           -                                          172,192
business natural gas retail sales volumes (mdth)                            -                                 1,595,533                                       109,021                                                                           -                                        1,704,554
average retail home customer count (in thousands)(a)                    3,055                                     1,844                                           962                                                                           -                                            5,861
ending retail home customer count (in thousands)(a)                     3,024                                     1,766                                           932                                                                           -                                            5,722
gwh sold                                                               36,920                                    11,452                                         8,503                                                                           -                                           56,875
gwh generated(b) (c)                                                   36,920                                     7,494                                         7,949                                                                           -                                           52,363
(a) home customer count includes recurring residential customers, services customers and municipal aggregations
(b) includes owned and leased generation, excludes tolled generation and equity investments
(c) includes 1,054 gwh and 2,445 gwh in east and west/services/other respectively that was sold to generation bridge in december 2021
year ended december 31, 2020
($ in millions, except otherwise noted)                                        texas                                      east                             west/services/other(a)                                                                       corporate/eliminations                    total retail revenue                                                         $6,061                                    $1,305                                             $96                                                                                         $(2)                         $7,460
energy revenue                                                             24                                       183                                             333                                                                                          (1)                            539
capacity revenue                                                            -                                       620                                              61                                                                                          (1)                            680
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                              2                                        88                                             (3)                                                                                            8                             95
other revenue                                                             222                                        62                                              43                                                                                          (8)                            319
operating revenue                                                       6,309                                     2,258                                             530                                                                                          (4)                          9,093
cost of fuel                                                            (546)                                     (151)                                           (154)                                                                                            -                          (851)
purchased energy and other costs of sales(a)(b)(c)                    (3,110)                                     (876)                                            (89)                                                                                            6                        (4,069)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                          (211)                                         5                                               -                                                                                          (8)                          (214)
contract and emission credit amortization                                 (5)                                         -                                               -                                                                                            -                            (5)
depreciation and amortization                                           (227)                                     (138)                                            (36)                                                                                         (34)                          (435)
gross margin                                                           $2,210                                    $1,098                                            $251                                                                                        $(40)                         $3,519
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net               (209)                                        93                                             (3)                                                                                            -                          (119)
less: contract and emission credit amortization                           (5)                                         -                                               -                                                                                            -                            (5)
less: depreciation and amortization                                     (227)                                     (138)                                            (36)                                                                                         (34)                          (435)
economic gross margin                                                  $2,651                                    $1,143                                            $290                                                                                         $(6)                         $4,078
(a) includes capacity and emissions credits
(b) includes $1,967 million and $10 million of electric tdsp charges for texas and east, respectively
(c) excludes depreciation and amortization shown separately business metrics                                                               texas                                      east                                west/services/other                                                                       corporate/eliminations                    total home electricity sales volume (gwh)                                    38,473                                    10,221                                               -                                                                                            -                         48,694
business electricity sales volume (gwh)                                17,928                                     1,596                                               -                                                                                            -                         19,524
natural gas retail sales volumes (mdth)                                     -                                    23,509                                               -                                                                                            -                         23,509
average retail home customer count (in thousands)(a)                    2,449                                     1,175                                               -                                                                                            -                          3,624
ending retail home customer count (in thousands)(a)                     2,451                                     1,136                                               -                                                                                            -                          3,587
gwh sold                                                               31,385                                     8,136                                           9,569                                                                                            -                         49,090
gwh generated(b)(c)                                                    31,385                                     4,102                                           9,171                                                                                            -                         44,658
(a) home customer count includes recurring residential customers and municipal aggregations
(b) includes owned and leased generation, excludes tolled generation and equity investments
(c) includes 1,192 gwh and 3,002 gwh in east and west/services/other respectively that was sold to generation bridge in december 2021
the table below represents the weather metrics for 2021 and 2020:
year ended                                                                      quarter ended                                                              quarter ended september 30,                                                                      quarter ended                                                                        quarter ended december 31,                                                                       december 31,                                                                                                                                                                    june 30,                                                                            march 31, weather metrics               texas                   east                 west/services/other(a)                texas                   east                 west/services/other(a)                  texas                    east                    west/services/other(a)                  texas                 east                 west/services/other(a)                  texas                   east                 west/services/other(a)
2021
cdds(b)                   2,960                  1,275                            1,877                        386                     91                              185                        1,589                     784                               1,134                          899                  362                              521                           86                     38                               37
hdds(b)                   1,562                  4,306                            2,060                        360                  1,377                              662                            -                      38                                   5                           82                  541                              192                        1,120                  2,350                            1,201
2020
cdds                      3,102                  1,362                            1,971                        280                     79                              181                        1,640                     874                               1,152                        1,012                  353                              562                          170                     56                               76
hdds                      1,501                  4,268                            1,939                        634                  1,517                              763                            6                      72                                   4                           70                  634                              178                          791                  2,045                              994
10-year average cdds                      3,090                  1,297                            1,924                        281                     85                              157                        1,690                     818                               1,159                        1,003                  356                              557                          116                     38                               51
hdds                      1,691                  4,558                            2,044                        693                  1,584                              774                            2                      56                                  10                           59                  521                              193                          937                  2,397                            1,067
(a) the west/services/other weather metrics are comprised of the average of the cdd and hdd regional results for the west - california and west - south central regions
(b) national oceanic and atmospheric administration-climate prediction center - a cooling degree day, or cdd, represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is above 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. a heating degree day, or hdd, represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is below 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. the cdds/hdds for a period of time are calculated by adding the cdds/hdds for each day during the period winter storm uri during the year ended december 31, 2021, winter storm uri's pre-tax financial impact to the company was a loss of $380 million, which reflects the recovery of $689 million of cost of operations as a result of the expected proceeds from the uplift securitization. the following impacts are further discussed in the related sections below:
(in millions)
gross margin - texas                                    $88
gross margin - east                                     146
gross margin - west/services/other                       13
total gross margin                                      247
operations and maintenance expense                      (2)
selling, general and administrative costs              (29)
provision for credit losses                           (596)
total impact to loss before income taxes             $(380)
the company continues to pursue additional mitigants including, but not limited to, customer bad debt mitigation, counterparty default recovery, and additional ercot default recovery.
gross margin and economic gross margin gross margin increased $3.9 billion and economic gross margin increased $1.5 billion, both of which include intercompany sales, during the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020. the detail by segment is as follows:
texas
(in millions)
higher gross margin due to winter storm uri, primarily driven by hedging optimization, partially offset by the negative impact of an increase in unhedgeable ancillary and operating reserve demand curve, net of securitization proceeds of $689 million                                                                                                                                                                                                     $88
the following explanations exclude the impact of winter storm uri:
higher gross margin due to increased volumes from the acquisition of direct energy in january 2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            280
higher gross margin due to market optimization activities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       9
lower gross margin due to a 22% increase in overall average costs to serve the retail load, driven primarily by increases in power, ancillary, fuel costs and the effect of the current year limestone unit 1 extended forced outage, totaling $349 million, partially offset by higher net revenue primarily driven by increased net revenue rates as a result of changes in customer term, product and mix of $2.50 per mwh, or $156 million              (193)
lower net revenue due to a decrease in load of 834,000 mwhs from weather                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (72)
lower net revenue due to attrition and customer mix                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (5)
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           6
increase in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            $113
increase in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   1,194
decrease in contract and emission credit amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           7
increase in depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (104)
increase in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $1,210
east
(in millions)
higher gross margin due to winter storm uri, primarily driven by natural gas optimization during volatile pricing that occurred during the weather event                                                                                $146
the following explanations exclude the impact of winter storm uri:
higher gross margin due to increased volumes from the acquisition of direct energy in january 2021, including $503 million from natural gas activity and $436 million from power activity                                                939
higher business demand response gross margin primarily from the early settlement of capacity obligations in 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 of $63 million and higher volumes sold in 2021 of $10 million                        73
higher gross margin due to a lower of cost or market adjustment on oil inventory in 2020                                                                                                                                                  29
lower gross margin from higher supply costs of $8.25 per mwh, or $78 million and lower volumes due to attrition, weather and customer mix of $45 million, partially offset by higher revenue of $3 per mwh, or $29 million              (94)
lower gross margin due to a 20% decrease in average realized pricing primarily at midwest generation                                                                                                                                    (39)
lower gross margin due to the sale of fossil generating assets to generation bridge in december 2021                                                                                                                                    (16)
lower gross margin from market optimization activities                                                                                                                                                                                   (5)
increase in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                     $1,033
increase in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                              1,622
increase in contract amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                       (54)
increase in depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                                                                              (200)
increase in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                              $2,401
west/services/other
(in millions)
higher gross margin due to winter storm uri, driven by optimization during volatility in gas pricing                                                                                                                            $13
the following explanations exclude the impact of winter storm uri:
higher gross margin due to the acquisition of direct energy in january 2021                                                                                                                                                     425
lower gross margin primarily at cottonwood driven by an 83% increase in fuel cost, partially offset by a 41% increase in realized power prices.                                                                                (31)
lower gross margin primarily due to prior year miso uplift payments resulting from out-of-market dispatch during hurricane laura                                                                                               (29)
lower gross margin from generation outage insurance proceeds received in 2020 for forced outages in 2019, partially offset by sunrise business interruption proceeds received in 2021 for forced outages in 2019               (22)
lower gross margin from market optimization activities                                                                                                                                                                          (9)
lower gross margin due to the sale of fossil generating assets to generation bridge in december 2021                                                                                                                            (7)
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                             7
increase in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                              $347
increase in mark-to-market for economic hedges primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                         19
increase in contract amortization                                                                                                                                                                                              (21)
increase in depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                                                                      (52)
increase in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                       $293
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities mark-to-market for economic hedging activities includes asset-backed hedges that have not been designated as cash flow hedges. total net mark-to-market results increased by $2.8 billion during the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020.
the breakdown of gains and losses included in operating revenues and operating costs and expenses by segment was as follows:
year ended december 31, 2021
(in millions)                                                                                               texas                     east                        west/services/other                    eliminations                     total mark-to-market results in operating revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains) on settled positions related to economic hedges        $-                        $(34)                       $(4)                                   $(2)                             $(40)
reversal of acquired (gain) positions related to economic hedges                                            -                         (6)                         -                                      -                                $(6)
net unrealized (losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                        (3)                       (48)                        (82)                       15                                           (118)
total mark-to-market (losses) in operating revenues                                                         $(3)                      $(88)                       $(86)                                  $13                              $(164)
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains) on settled positions related to economic hedges        $(3)                      $-                          $-                                     $2                               $(1)
reversal of acquired loss/(gain) positions related to economic hedges                                       42            235                                     (15)                                   -                    262
net unrealized gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                           949                       1,568           117                                                (15)                             2,619
total mark-to-market gains in operating costs and expenses                                                  $988                      $1,803                      $102                                   $(13)                            $2,880
year ended december 31, 2020
(in millions)                                                                                                             texas                    east               west/services/other                    eliminations                             total mark-to-market results in operating revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses/(gains) on settled positions related to economic hedges              $1                     $33                   $(7)                                   $4                                     $31
net unrealized gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                                         1                      55       4                                      4                                                   64
total mark-to-market gains/(losses) in operating revenues                                                                $2                     $88                   $(3)                                   $8                                     $95
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges           $(87)                      $5                   $-                                     $(4)                                 $(86)
reversal of acquired loss positions related to economic hedges.                                                           2                       2                   -                                      -                                        4
net unrealized (losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                                  (126)                     (2)                   -                                      (4)                                  (132)
total mark-to-market (losses)/gains in operating costs and expenses                                                  $(211)                      $5                   $-                                     $(8)                                $(214)
mark-to-market results consist of unrealized gains and losses on contracts that are yet to be settled. the settlement of these transactions is reflected in the same revenue or cost caption as the items being hedged.
the reversals of acquired gain or loss positions were valued based upon the forward prices on the acquisition date.
for the year ended december 31, 2021 the $164 million loss in operating revenues from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by a decrease in the value of open positions as a result of increases in east and west/services/other power prices, as well as the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on contracts that settled during the period. the $2.9 billion gain in operating costs and expenses from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by an increase in the value of open positions as a result of increases in natural gas and power prices across all segments as well as the reversal of acquired contracts that settled during the year.
for the year ended december 31, 2020 the $95 million gain in operating revenues from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by an increase in the value of open positions as a result of decreases in new york capacity prices, as well as the reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses on contracts that settled during the period. the $214 million loss in operating costs and expenses from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by a decrease in the value of open positions as a result of decreases in ercot power prices and heat rate contraction, as well as the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on contracts that settled during the period.
in accordance with asc 815, the following table represents the results of the company's financial and physical trading of energy commodities for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020. the realized and unrealized financial and physical trading results are included in operating revenue. the company's trading activities are subject to limits within the company's risk management policy.
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                         2021   2020
trading gains/(losses)
realized                         $124                           $41
unrealized                       (32)                           (5)
total trading gains               $92                           $36
operations and maintenance expenses operations and maintenance expenses are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                             texas                   east                 west/services/other                  corporate   eliminations                 total year ended december 31, 2021           $703                   $452                           $218                            $2         $(5)                    $1,370
year ended december 31, 2020            651       371                                         104                             9         (6)                      1,129
operations and maintenance expenses increased by $241 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, due to the following:
(in millions)
increase due to the acquisition of direct energy in january 2021                                                                              $257
increase in major maintenance primarily due to the duration and scope of planned and forced outages in texas during 2021                        27
increase in variable operation and maintenance expense at the pjm coal facilities associated with increased generation in 2021                  23
increase driven by higher maintenance resulting from the impacts of winter storm uri                                                             2
decrease driven by lower retail operations costs                                                                                              (29)
decrease in lease expense primarily driven by the buyout of the midwest generation lease in 2020                                              (16)
decrease due to the sale of fossil generating assets to generation bridge in december 2021                                                    (11)
decrease due to prior year suspended plant project and prior year reserves for obsolete inventory                                              (9)
other                                                                                                                                          (3)
increase in operations and maintenance expense                                                                                                $241
other cost of operations other cost of operations are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                             texas                   east                 west/services/other                  total year ended december 31, 2021           $194                   $129                            $16                        $339
year ended december 31, 2020            163       91                                           18            272
other cost of operations increased by $67 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, due to the following:
(in millions)
increase due to the acquisition of direct energy in january 2021                                                             $83
decrease primarily due to aro expense in 2020 at jewett mine and joliet as a result of regulatory requirements              (15)
other                                                                                                                        (1)
increase in other cost of operations                                                                                         $67
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expenses are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                             texas                   east                 west/services/other                  corporate                  total year ended december 31, 2021           $331                   $338                            $88                           $28                     $785
year ended december 31, 2020            227       138                                          36                            34                      435
depreciation and amortization expense increased by $350 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, primarily due to amortization of acquired intangibles in connection with the acquisition of direct energy in january 2021.
impairment losses during the year ended december 31, 2021, the company recorded impairment losses of $544 million, of which $306 million was recorded in the second quarter related to the decline in capacity prices and the planned retirement of a significant portion of the pjm coal fleet, $213 million in the fourth quarter as a result of changes in the long-term outlook of the joliet facility prompted by market conditions and an assessment of various alternatives for the long-term operational landscape of the facility including the impact of the ceja in illinois, and $25 million related to various other power plants. during the year ended december 31, 2020, the company recorded impairment losses of $75 million primarily related to the cottonwood facility and the home solar business. refer to item 15 - note 11, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
selling, general and administrative costs selling, general and administrative costs are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                                      texas                   east                 west/services/other                  corporate                    total year ended december 31, 2021                    $574                   $472                           $198                           $49                     $1,293
year ended december 31, 2020        467                                 260                             56                            27                        810
selling, general and administrative costs increased by $483 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, due to the following:
(in millions)
increase due to the acquisition of direct energy in january 2021                                                                                          $460
increase due to winter storm uri, including charitable giving, legal and other costs of $20 million and ercot default charges of $9 million                 29
increase due to higher consulting, service and insurance costs                                                                                              26
decrease due to lower employee costs                                                                                                                      (23)
decrease due to the favorable resolution of a legal matter                                                                                                (15)
other                                                                                                                                                        6
increase in selling, general and administrative costs                                                                                                     $483
provision for credit losses provision for credit losses are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                                      texas                 east   west/services/other                       total year ended december 31, 2021                    $678                   $8       $12                                    $698
year ended december 31, 2020        94                                 14       -                          108
provision for credit losses increased by $590 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020, due to the following:
(in millions)
increase due to winter storm uri, including:increase of $403 million related to bilateral financial hedging riskincrease of $126 million related to counterparty credit riskincrease of $67 million related to ercot default shortfall payments              $596
decrease due to improved collections in the legacy brands, partially offset by the acquisition and integration of direct energy in january 2021                                                                                                               (6)
increase in provision for credit losses                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $590
acquisition-related transaction and integration costs acquisition-related transaction and integration costs increased by $70 million when compared to the same period in 2020. acquisition-related transaction costs increased by $8 million, primarily related to the direct energy acquisition. integration costs increased by $62 million, primarily related to employee costs, software costs and consulting services for the direct energy acquisition.
gain on sale of assets the gain on sale of assets of $247 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2021 includes a $210 million gain on the sale of 4,850 mw of fossil generating assets in december 2021, a $20 million gain on the sale of a deactivated site in november 2021, and a $17 million due to the sale of agua caliente in february 2021. the gain on the sale of assets of $3 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 was related to the sale of land and investments in january 2020, partially offset by the disposition of the home solar business.
impairment losses on investments during the year ended december 31, 2020, the company recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses on the company's investment in petra nova parish holdings of $18 million, as further described in item 15 - note 11, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
loss on debt extinguishment a loss on debt extinguishment of $77 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2021, driven by the redemption of senior notes as further discussed in item 15 - note 13, long-term debt and finance leases, to the consolidated financial statements. a loss on debt extinguishment of $9 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2020, driven by the debt extinguished in connection with the sale of home solar and the redemptions of the indian river and dunkirk bonds.
interest expense interest expense increased by $84 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, primarily due to financings entered into in connection with the direct energy acquisition.
income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2021, nrg recorded income tax expense of $672 million on pre-tax income of $2.9 billion. for the same period in 2020, nrg recorded an income tax expense of $251 million on pre-tax income of $761 million. the effective tax rate was 23.5% and 33.0% for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, nrg's overall effective tax rate was higher than the federal statutory tax rate of 21% primarily due to state tax expense partially offset by tax benefits from the revaluation of state deferred tax assets, valuation allowance, and settlements of uncertain tax positions.
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except effective income tax rate)                       2021                          2020
income from continuing operations before income taxes          $2,859                          $761
tax at federal statutory tax rate                                 600                           160
foreign rate differential                                         (3)                             -
state taxes                                                       111                            18
deferred impact of state tax rate changes                        (10)                             2
changes in valuation allowance                                   (29)                            24
permanent differences                                               8                             8
return to provision adjustments                                     5                            36
recognition of uncertain tax benefits                            (10)                             3
income tax expense                                               $672                          $251
effective income tax rate                                        23.5    %                     33.0    %
the effective income tax rate may vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of earnings and losses and changes in valuation allowances in accordance with asc 740, income taxes, or asc 740. these factors and others, including the company's history of pre-tax earnings and losses, are taken into account in assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity position as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, nrg's liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties, was approximately $2.7 billion and $7.0 billion, respectively, comprised of the following:
as of december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                                2021                            2020
cash and cash equivalents:                                                                              $250                          $3,905
restricted cash - operating                                                                                4                               3
restricted cash - reserves (a)                                                                            11                               3
total                                                                                                    265                           3,911
total availability under revolving credit facility and collective collateral facilities(b)             2,421                           3,129
total liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties                               $2,686                          $7,040
(a)includes reserves primarily for debt service, performance obligations and capital expenditures
(b)total capacity of revolving credit facility and collective collateral facilities was $5.9 billion and $4.0 billion as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively as of december 31, 2021, total liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties, decreased by $4.4 billion. the decrease was primarily driven by the closing of the direct energy acquisition and the impact of winter storm uri. changes in cash and cash equivalent balances are further discussed under the heading cash flow discussion. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2021 were predominantly held in money market funds invested in treasury securities, treasury repurchase agreements or government agency debt.
management believes that the company's liquidity position and cash flows from operations will be adequate to finance operating and maintenance capital expenditures, to fund dividends to nrg's common stockholders, and to fund other liquidity commitments. management continues to regularly monitor the company's ability to finance the needs of its operating, financing and investing activity within the dictates of prudent balance sheet management.
credit ratings on march 17, 2021, following winter storm uri, standard & poor's placed nrg's issuer credit rating of bb+ on creditwatch with negative implications. on may 12, 2021, standard & poor's affirmed nrg's issuer credit rating of bb+ with a stable outlook. on march 19, 2021, moody's changed nrg's rating outlook from positive to stable. at the same time, moody's affirmed nrg's corporate family rating of ba1.
the following table summarizes the company's current credit ratings:
s&amp;p   moody's nrg energy, inc.        bb+ stable   ba1 stable
3.75% senior secured notes, due 2024              bbb-   baa3
2.00% senior secured notes, due 2025              bbb-   baa3
2.45% senior secured notes, due 2027              bbb-   baa3
6.625% senior notes, due 2027               bb+   ba2
5.75% senior notes, due 2028               bb+   ba2
3.375% senior notes, due 2029               bb+   ba2
4.45% senior secured notes, due 2029              bbb-   baa3
5.25% senior notes, due 2029               bb+   ba2
3.625% senior notes, due 2031               bb+   ba2
3.875% senior notes, due 2032               bb+   ba2
revolving credit facility, due 2024              bbb-   baa3
liquidity the principal sources of liquidity for nrg's operating and capital expenditures are expected to be derived from cash on hand, cash flows from operations and financing arrangements. as described in item 15 - note 13, long-term debt and finance leases, to the consolidated financial statements, the company's financing arrangements consist mainly of the senior notes, convertible senior notes, senior secured first lien notes, revolving credit facility, and tax-exempt bonds.
the company's requirements for liquidity and capital resources, other than for operating its facilities, can generally be categorized by the following: (i) market operations activities; (ii) debt service obligations, as described more fully in item 15 - note 13, long-term debt and finance leases, to the consolidated financial statements; (iii) capital expenditures, including maintenance, repowering, development, and environmental; and (iv) allocations in connection with acquisition opportunities, debt repayments, share repurchases and dividend payments to stockholders, as described in item 15 - note 16, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements.
direct energy acquisition on january 5, 2021, the company acquired direct energy, which had been a north american subsidiary of centrica. direct energy is a leading retail provider of electricity, natural gas, and home and business energy related products and services in north america, with operations in all 50 u.s. states and 8 canadian provinces.
the company paid an aggregate purchase price of $3.625 billion in cash, subject to a purchase price adjustment of $77 million. the company funded the purchase price using a combination of $715 million of cash on hand, $166 million from a draw on its revolving credit facility (of which $107 million was used to fund acquisition costs and financing fees that are not included in the aggregate purchase price above) as well as approximately $2.9 billion in secured and unsecured corporate debt issued in december 2020. the final purchase price adjustment resulted in additional payment of $22 million, which was paid to centrica in december 2021.
collateral facility increases the following table presents increases to the company's liquidity and collateral facilities in connection with the direct energy acquisition:
(in millions)
available on acquisition closing date revolving credit facility commitment increase                                                    $802
revolving credit facility new tranche                                                             273
facility agreement in connection with the sale of pre-capitalized trust securities                874
available as of december 31, 2020
credit default swap facility                                                                      150
revolving accounts receivable financing facility                                                  750
repurchase facility                                                                                75
bilateral letter of credit facilities                                                             475
total increases to liquidity and collateral facilities                                         $3,399
planned debt reduction in light of the impact of winter storm uri, the company's deleveraging program will extend to 2023. the company remains committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet and continues to work to achieve investment grade credit metrics.
issuance of 2032 senior notes on august 23, 2021, the company issued $1.1 billion of aggregate principal amount at par of 3.875% senior notes due 2032 (the "2032 senior notes"). the 2032 senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of nrg and are guaranteed by certain of its subsidiaries. the 2032 senior notes were issued under nrg's sustainability-linked bond framework, which sets out certain sustainability targets, including reducing greenhouse gas emissions. failure to meet such sustainability targets will result in a 25 basis point increase to the interest rate payable on the 2032 senior notes from and including august 15, 2026.
senior note redemptions during the year ended december 31, 2021, the company redeemed $1.9 billion in aggregate principal of its senior notes for $1.9 billion using the proceeds of the 2032 senior notes and cash on hand. in connection with the redemptions, a $77 million loss on debt extinguishment was recorded.
receivables facility on july 26, 2021, nrg receivables llc, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the company, renewed its existing accounts receivable securitized borrowings facility (the "receivables facility") to, among others, (i) increase the facility size to $800 million, (ii) extend the maturity date until july 26, 2022, (iii) make certain adjustments to the pool of receivables through the receivables facility and certain related covenants, and (iv) provide for revised language relating to interest determination based on sofr in case of a libor cessation or the occurrence of certain other trigger events. as of december 31, 2021, there were no outstanding borrowings and there were $400 million in letters of credit issued under the receivables facility.
repurchase facility on july 26, 2021, the company renewed its existing uncommitted repurchase facility ("repurchase facility") to, among other things, (i) extend the maturity date to july 26, 2022 and (ii) provide for revised language relating to interest determination based on sofr in case of a libor cessation or the occurrence of certain other trigger events. on february 9, 2022, the company entered into amendments to its existing repurchase facility to, among other things, (i) increase the size of the facility from $75 million to $150 million and (ii) replace libor with term sofr as the benchmark for the pricing rate. the repurchase facility has no commitment fee and borrowings will be drawn at sofr + 1.30%. as of december 31, 2021, there were no outstanding borrowings under the repurchase facility.
sale of 4.8 gw of fossil generation assets on december 1, 2021, the company closed the previously announced sale of approximately 4,850 mws of fossil generating assets from its east and west regions to generation bridge, an affiliate of arclight capital partners. at closing, nrg received $623 million of net proceeds, after working capital and other adjustments, including a deduction for cash flows generated of approximately $11 million per month from the beginning of the year until the closing of the transaction, in lieu of cash flows generated during the year. as part of the transaction, nrg entered into a tolling agreement for the 866 mw arthur kill plant in new york city through april 2025.
sale of agua caliente on february 3, 2021, the company closed on the sale of its 35% ownership in the agua caliente solar project to clearway energy, inc. for $202 million. nrg recognized a gain on the sale of $17 million, including cash disposed of $7 million.
cares act on march 27, 2020, the u.s. government enacted the cares act, which provides, among other things: (i) the option to defer payments of certain 2019 employer payroll taxes incurred after the date of enactment; and (ii) allows nols from tax years 2018, 2019, and 2020 to be carried back five years. the total benefit to the company due to the cares act was $35 million. of this amount, $13 million was paid to social security in 2021 and $13 million will be payable in 2022.
pension plan contribution the american rescue plan act ("arpa") was enacted on march 11, 2021 to provide economic relief related to the covid-19 pandemic. arpa provided pension funding relief for single employer plans, among other provisions. as a result, nrg reduced its 2021 planned cash contribution by approximately $23 million.
pension and other postretirement benefits minimum funding requirements as of december 31, 2021, the company does not have estimated minimum pension contributions required under the pension protection act of 2006 for the next 5 years. as of december 31, 2021, the company's estimated other postretirement benefits minimum funding requirements for the next 5 years were $33 million, of which $7 million are required to be made within the next 12 months. these amounts represent estimates based on assumptions that are subject to change. for further discussion, see item 15 - note 15, benefit plans and other postretirement benefits, to the consolidated financial statements.
debt service obligations principal payments on debt and finance leases as of december 31, 2021 are due in the following periods:
(in millions)
description                                     2022                         2023                  2024                  2025   2026                                thereafter                    total recourse debt:
senior notes, due 2027                          $-                          $-                    $-                    $-               $-                         $375                       $375
senior notes, due 2028                          -                            -                     -                     -               -                           821                        821
senior notes, due 2029                          -                            -                     -                     -               -                           733                        733
senior notes, due 2029                          -                            -                     -                     -               -                           500                        500
senior notes, due 2031                          -                            -                     -                     -               -                         1,030                      1,030
senior notes, due 2032                          -                            -                     -                     -               -                         1,100                      1,100
convertible senior notes, due 2048              -                            -                     -                     -               -                           575                        575
senior secured first lien notes, due 2024       -                            -                   600                     -               -                             -                        600
senior secured first lien notes, due 2025       -                            -                     -                   500               -                             -                        500
senior secured first lien notes, due 2027       -                            -                     -                     -               -                           900                        900
senior secured first lien notes, due 2029       -                            -                     -                     -               -                           500                        500
tax-exempt bonds                                -                            -                     -                     -               -                           466                        466
subtotal recourse debt                          -                            -                   600                   500               -                         7,000                      8,100
finance leases:
finance leases                                  4                            3                     3                     2               -                             1                         13
subtotal finance leases                         4                            3                     3                     2               -                             1                         13
total debt and finance leases                   $4                          $3                  $603                  $502               $-                       $7,001                     $8,113
interest payments                               $385                      $383                  $363                  $352               $334                     $1,224                     $3,041
for further discussion, see item 15 - note 13, long-term debt and finance leases.
market operations the company's market operations activities require a significant amount of liquidity and capital resources. these liquidity requirements are primarily driven by: (i) margin and collateral posted with counterparties; (ii) margin and collateral required to participate in physical markets and commodity exchanges; (iii) timing of disbursements and receipts (e.g. buying fuel before receiving energy revenues); and (iv) initial collateral for large structured transactions. as of december 31, 2021, market operations had total cash collateral outstanding of $291 million and $3.5 billion outstanding in letters of credit to third parties primarily to support its market activities. as of december 31, 2021, total funds deposited by counterparties were $845 million in cash and $429 million of letters of credit.
the company has entered into long-term contractual arrangements to procure certain fuel and transportation services for the company's generation assets. as of december 31, 2021, the company had minimum payment obligations under such outstanding agreements of $378 million, with $122 million payable within the next 12 months. additionally, the company has long-term contractual commitments related to electricity and natural gas products, including power purchases, gas transportation and storage of various quantities and durations, and renewable purchased power agreements under ppas with third-party project developers, which are accounted for as npns. as of december 31, 2021, the company had minimum purchased energy commitments of $5.0 billion, with $1.6 billion payable within the next 12 months. for further discussion, see item 15 - note 23, commitments and contingencies.
future liquidity requirements may change based on the company's hedging activities and structures, fuel purchases, and future market conditions, including forward prices for energy and fuel and market volatility. in addition, liquidity requirements are dependent on the company's credit ratings and general perception of its creditworthiness.
first lien structure nrg has granted first liens to certain counterparties on a substantial portion of the company's assets, subject to various exclusions including nrg's assets that have project-level financing and the assets of certain non-guarantor subsidiaries, to reduce the amount of cash collateral and letters of credit that it would otherwise be required to post from time to time to support its obligations under out-of-the-money hedge agreements for forward sales of power or mwh equivalents. the first lien program does not limit the volume that can be hedged or the value of underlying out-of-the-money positions. the first lien program also does not require nrg to post collateral above any threshold amount of exposure. the first lien structure is not subject to unwind or termination upon a ratings downgrade of a counterparty and has no stated maturity date.
the company's first lien counterparties may have a claim on its assets to the extent market prices exceed the hedged prices. as of december 31, 2021, all hedges under the first liens were out-of-the-money on a counterparty aggregate basis.
the following table summarizes the amount of mw hedged against the company's coal and nuclear assets and as a percentage relative to the company's coal and nuclear capacity under the first lien structure as of december 31, 2021:
equivalent net sales secured by first lien structure (a)                        2022                 2023
in mw                                                                            653                  738
as a percentage of total net coal and nuclear capacity (b)                       15%                  17%
(a)equivalent net sales include natural gas swaps converted using a weighted average heat rate by region
(b)net coal and nuclear capacity represents 80% of the company's total coal and nuclear assets eligible under the first lien, which excludes coal assets acquired in the midwest generation acquisition capital expenditures the following table summarizes the company's capital expenditures for maintenance, environmental, and growth investments for the year ended december 31, 2021:
(in millions)                                      maintenance       environmental        growth investments(a)                 total texas                                              $(127)            $(1)                 $(25)                            $(153)
east                                               (23)              (1)                  (26)                               (50)
west/services/other                                (21)              -                    -                                  (21)
corporate                                          (4)               -                    (41)                               (45)
total cash capital expenditures for 2021           (175)             (2)                  (92)                              (269)
investments                                        -                 -                    (47)                               (47)
total capital expenditures and investments         $(175)            $(2)                 $(139)                           $(316)
(a)includes other investments, acquisitions, digital nrg and integration projects
62
growth investments in east for the year ended december 31, 2021 include the astoria generating facility, for which the company has proposed to replace existing units with a single, new state-of-the-art simple cycle combustion turbine having a total generating capacity of 437 mw. on october 27, 2021, the nysdec staff denied the company's application for an air permit. on november 26, 2021, astoria gas turbine power llc filed a request for adjudicatory hearing on the nysdec's denial. to date, the company has spent approximately $42 million on the astoria project. additionally, included in investments are expenditures for encina site improvements classified as aro payments. demolition of encina is underway and is expected to be completed in the first half of 2022. the company expects to begin marketing the site in 2022.
environmental capital expenditures estimate nrg estimates that environmental capital expenditures from 2022 through 2026 required to comply with environmental laws will be approximately $56 million. the largest component is the cost of complying with elg at our coal units in texas.
the table below summarizes the status of nrg's coal fleet with respect to air quality controls. nrg uses an integrated approach to fuels, controls and emissions markets to meet environmental requirements.
so2                                                                                                   nox   mercury                                                                                             particulate units                      state       control equipment                      install date       control equipment                  install date   control equipment                      install date       control equipment                        install date indian river 4             de          cds                                            2011              lnbofa/scr                     1999/2011   aci/cds/ff                                2008/2011                  esp/ff                           1980/2011
limestone 1-2              tx          fgd                                         1985-86                  lnbofa                     2002/2003   aci                                            2015                     esp                           1985-1986
powerton 5                 il          dsi                                            2016                ofa/sncr                     2003/2012   aci                                            2009             esp/upgrade                           1973/2016
powerton 6                 il          dsi                                            2014                ofa/sncr                     2002/2012   aci                                            2009             esp/upgrade                           1976/2014
w.a. parish 5, 6, 7        tx          ff co-benefit                                  1988                     scr                          2004   aci                                            2015                      ff                                1988
w.a. parish 8              tx          fgd                                            1982                     scr                          2004   aci                                            2015                      ff                                1988
waukegan 7                 il          dsi                                            2014                  lnbofa                          2002   aci                                            2008             esp/upgrade                     1958/2002, 2014
waukegan 8                 il          dsi                                            2015                  lnbofa                          1999   aci                                            2008             esp/upgrade                     1962/1999, 2015
will county 4              il          dsi                                            2017                  lnbofa                     1999,2000   aci                                            2009             esp/upgrade                        1963,72/2000
aci - activated carbon injectioncds - circulating dry scrubberdsi - dry sorbent injection with tronaesp - electrostatic precipitatorfgd - flue gas desulfurization (wet)         ff- fabric filterlnbofa - low nox burner with overfire airofa - overfire airscr - selective catalytic reductionsncr - selective non-catalytic reduction the following table summarizes the estimated environmental capital expenditures by year:
(in millions)                total
2022               $8
2023                1
2024               22
2025               22
2026                3
total              $56
share repurchases in december 2021, the company's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase $1.0 billion of its common stock. through december 31, 2021, the company completed $53 million of share repurchases at an average price of $40.22 per share, including $9 million of equivalent shares purchased in lieu of tax withholdings on equity compensation issuances. through february 24, 2022, an additional $82 million of share repurchases were executed at an average price of $40.26 per share, including $6 million of equivalent shares purchased in lieu of tax withholdings on equity compensation issuances. see item 15 - note 16, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
dividend increase in the first quarter of 2021, nrg increased the annual dividend to $1.30 from $1.20 per share. the company returned $320 million of capital to shareholders in the year ended 2021 through a $1.30 dividend per common share. in 2022, nrg further increased the annual dividend to $1.40 per share, representing an 8% increase from 2021. the company expects to target an annual dividend growth rate of 7-9% per share in subsequent years.
on january 21, 2022, nrg declared a quarterly dividend on the company's common stock of $0.35 per share, or $1.40 per share on an annualized basis, payable on february 15, 2022, to stockholders of record as of february 1, 2022. the company's common stock dividends are subject to available capital, market conditions, and compliance with associated laws and regulations.
additional material cash requirements not discussed above operating leases - the company leases generating facilities, land, office and equipment, railcars, fleet vehicles and storefront space at retail stores. as of december 31, 2021, the company had lease payment obligations of $372 million, of which $96 million is payable within the next 12 months. for further discussion, see item 15 - note 10, leases.
other liabilities - other liabilities includes water right agreements, service and maintenance agreements, stadium naming rights, stadium sponsorships, ltsa commitments and other contractual obligations. as of december 31, 2021, the company had total of $210 million under such commitments, of which $41 million are payable within the next 12 months.
contingent obligations for guarantees - nrg and its subsidiaries enter into various contracts that include indemnifications and guarantee provisions as a routine part of the company's business activities. for further discussion, see item 15 -note 27, guarantees.
obligations arising out of a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity variable interest in equity investments - as of december 31, 2021, nrg has several investments with an ownership interest percentage of 50% or less in energy and energy-related entities that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. ivanpah is considered a variable interest entity for which nrg is not the primary beneficiary.
nrg's pro-rata share of non-recourse debt held by unconsolidated affiliates was approximately $535 million as of december 31, 2021. this indebtedness may restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to issue dividends or distributions to nrg. see also item 15 - note 17, investments accounted for by the equity method and variable interest entities, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
cash flow discussion
2021 compared to 2020
the following table reflects the changes in cash flows for the comparative years:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                      2021   2020                            change net cash provided by operating activities                     $493                          $1,837        $(1,344)
net cash used by investing activities                      (3,039)                           (494)        (2,545)
net cash (used)/provided by financing activities             (272)                           2,204        (2,476)
net cash (used)/provided by operating activities changes to net cash (used)/provided by operating activities were driven by:
(in millions)
decrease in working capital related to accounts receivable primarily driven by milder weather in 2020, the impact of winter storm uri and additional early settlement of capacity obligations in 2021          $(1,232)
decrease in operating income adjusted for other non-cash items                                                                                                                                                  (1,235)
changes in cash collateral in support of risk management activities due to change in commodity prices                                                                                                               670
increase in working capital related to accounts payable primarily driven by increases in gas purchases and bilateral physical settlements driven by price and volume in ercot                                       532
decrease in working capital related to inventory due to replenishing natural gas inventory at significantly higher prices                                                                                          (88)
other changes in working capital                                                                                                                                                                                      9
$(1,344)
net cash (used)/provided by investing activities changes to net cash (used)/provided by investing activities were driven by:
(in millions)
increase in cash paid for acquisitions of assets primarily for direct energy                                               $(3,275)
increase in proceeds from sale of assets primarily due to the fossil generating assets and agua caliente                        749
decrease in capital expenditures                                                                                               (39)
increase in proceeds from sales of investments in nuclear decommissioning trust fund securities, net of purchases                12
increase in sales of emissions allowances, net of purchases                                                                      10
other                                                                                                                           (2)
$(2,545)
net cash (used)/provided by financing activities changes in net cash (used)/provided by financing activities were driven by:
(in millions)
decrease in proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                                     $(2,134)
increase in payments of long-term debt                                                                    (1,526)
increase in net receipts from settlement of acquired derivatives                                              945
decrease in payments for share repurchase activity                                                            181
increase in proceeds from revolving credit facility and receivables securitization facilities                  83
increase in payments of dividends to common stockholders                                                     (24)
other                                                                                                         (1)
$(2,476)
nols, deferred tax assets and uncertain tax position implications for the year ended december 31, 2021, the company had domestic pre-tax book income of $2.8 billion and foreign pre-tax book income of $100 million. for the year ended december 31, 2021, the company utilized u.s. federal nols of $1.6 billion due to current year taxable income. as of december 31, 2021, the company has cumulative u.s. federal nol carryforwards of $8.4 billion, of which $11 million were generated prior to tax cuts and jobs act and will begin expiring in 2031 and cumulative state nol carryforwards of $5.2 billion for financial statement purposes. nrg also has cumulative foreign nol carryforwards of $383 million, which do not have an expiration date. in addition to the above nols, nrg has a $20 million indefinite carryforward for interest deductions, as well as $384 million of tax credits to be utilized in future years. as a result of the company's tax position, including the utilization of federal and state nols, and based on current forecasts, the company anticipates income tax payments, due to federal, state and foreign jurisdictions, of up to $58 million in 2022.
the company has $13 million of tax effected uncertain federal and state tax benefits for which the company has recorded a non-current tax liability of $14 million (including accrued interest) until such final resolution with the related taxing authority.
the company is no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2018. with few exceptions, state and canadian income tax examinations are no longer open for years before 2013.
guarantor financial information as of december 31, 2021, the company's outstanding registered senior notes consisted of $375 million of the 2027 senior notes and $821 million of the 2028 senior notes, as shown in note 13, long-term debt and finance leases. these senior notes are guaranteed by certain of nrg's current and future 100% owned domestic subsidiaries, or guarantor subsidiaries (the "guarantors"). see exhibit 22.1 for a listing of the guarantors. these guarantees are both joint and several.
nrg conducts much of its business through and derives much of its income from its subsidiaries. therefore, the company's ability to make required payments with respect to its indebtedness and other obligations depends on the financial results and condition of its subsidiaries and nrg's ability to receive funds from its subsidiaries. there are no restrictions on the ability of any of the guarantors to transfer funds to nrg. other subsidiaries of the company do not guarantee the registered debt securities of either nrg energy, inc. or the guarantors (such subsidiaries are referred to as the "non-guarantors"). the non-guarantors include all of nrg's foreign subsidiaries and certain domestic subsidiaries.
the tables below present summarized financial information of nrg energy, inc. and the guarantors in accordance with rule 3-10 under the sec's regulation s-x. the financial information may not necessarily be indicative of results of operations or financial position of nrg energy, inc. and the guarantors in accordance with u.s. gaap.
the following table presents the summarized statement of operations:
(in millions)                                                     for the year ended december 31, 2021(a)
operating revenues                                                                $23,679
operating income                                                                    3,753
total other expense                                                                 (467)
income from continuing operations before income taxes                               3,286
net income                                                                          2,633
(a)intercompany transactions with non-guarantors include operating revenue of $42 million, cost of operations of $(235) million and selling, general and administrative of $108 million the following table presents the summarized balance sheet information:
(in millions)                                 december 31, 2021
current assets(a)                                $9,399
property, plant and equipment, net                1,324
non-current assets                               11,569
current liabilities(a)                            7,590
non-current liabilities                          11,195
(a)includes intercompany receivables of $86 million and intercompany payables of $50 million due from non-guarantors fair value of derivative instruments nrg may enter into power purchase and sales contracts, fuel purchase contracts and other energy-related financial instruments to mitigate variability in earnings due to fluctuations in spot market prices and to hedge fuel requirements at power plants or retail load obligations. in addition, in order to mitigate foreign exchange rate risk primarily associated with the purchase of usd denominated natural gas for the company's canadian business, nrg enters into foreign exchange contract agreements.
nrg's trading activities are subject to limits in accordance with the company's risk management policy. these contracts are recognized on the balance sheet at fair value and changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments are recognized in earnings.
the tables below disclose the activities that include both exchange and non-exchange traded contracts accounted for at fair value in accordance with asc 820, fair value measurements and disclosures, or asc 820. specifically, these tables disaggregate realized and unrealized changes in fair value; disaggregate estimated fair values at december 31, 2021, based on their level within the fair value hierarchy defined in asc 820; and indicate the maturities of contracts at december 31, 2021. for a full discussion of the company's valuation methodology of its contracts, see derivative fair value measurements in item 15 - note 5, fair value of financial instruments, to the consolidated financial statements.
derivative activity (losses)/gains                                     (in millions)
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2020                         $(63)
contracts realized or otherwise settled during the period                 190
contracts acquired from direct energy                                   (283)
changes in fair value                                                   2,497
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2021                        $2,341
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2021
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                           maturity fair value hierarchy gains           1 year or less                     greater than 1 year to 3 years                    greater than 3 years to 5 years                    greater than5 years                     total fairvalue level 1                                 $134                                         $192                                                $23                                         $6                                 $355
level 2                                  941          645                                                82                                                 25                                                         1,693
level 3                                  151          82                                                 16                                                 44                                     293
total                                 $1,226                                         $919                                               $121                                        $75                               $2,341
the company has elected to disclose derivative assets and liabilities on a trade-by-trade basis and does not offset amounts at the counterparty master agreement level. also, collateral received or posted on the company's derivative assets or liabilities are recorded on a separate line item on the balance sheet. consequently, the magnitude of the changes in individual current and non-current derivative assets or liabilities is higher than the underlying credit and market risk of the company's portfolio. as discussed in item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, commodity price risk, nrg measures the sensitivity of the company's portfolio to potential changes in market prices using var, a statistical model which attempts to predict risk of loss based on market price and volatility. nrg's risk management policy places a limit on one-day holding period var, which limits the company's net open position. as the company's trade-by-trade derivative accounting results in a gross-up of the company's derivative assets and liabilities, the net derivative assets and liability position is a better indicator of nrg's hedging activity. as of december 31, 2021, nrg's net derivative asset was $2.3 billion, an increase to total fair value of $2.4 billion as compared to december 31, 2020. this increase was primarily driven by roll-off trades that settled during the period, as well as gains in fair value.
based on a sensitivity analysis using simplified assumptions, the impact of a $0.50 per mmbtu increase in natural gas prices across the term of the derivative contracts would result in an increase of approximately $1.3 billion in the net value of derivatives as of december 31, 2021.
the impact of a $0.50 per mmbtu decrease in natural gas prices across the term of the derivative contracts would result in a decrease of approximately $1.4 billion in the net value of derivatives as of december 31, 2021.
critical accounting estimates the company's discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations are based upon the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements and related disclosures in compliance with gaap requires the application of appropriate technical accounting rules and guidance as well as the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. the application of appropriate technical accounting rules and guidance involves judgments regarding future events, including the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges, and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. these judgments, in and of themselves, could materially affect the financial statements and disclosures based on varying assumptions, which may be appropriate to use. in addition, the financial and operating environment may also have a significant effect, not only on the operation of the business, but on the results reported through the application of accounting measures used in preparing the financial statements and related disclosures, even if the accounting guidance has not changed.
nrg evaluates these estimates, on an ongoing basis, utilizing historic experience, consultation with experts and other methods the company considers reasonable. in any event, actual results may differ substantially from the company's estimates. any effects on the company's business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the information that gives rise to the revision becomes known.
the company identifies its most critical accounting estimates as those that are the most pervasive and important to the portrayal of the company's financial position and results of operations, and require the most difficult, subjective, and/or complex judgments by management about matters that are inherently uncertain.
such accounting estimates include:
accounting estimate                                                                 judgments/uncertainties affecting application derivative instruments                                                              assumptions used in valuation techniques assumptions used in forecasting generation and retail load market maturity and economic conditions contract interpretation market conditions in the energy industry, especially the effects of price volatility on contractual commitments income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets                        ability to be sustained upon audit examination of taxing authorities interpret existing tax statute and regulations upon application to transactions ability to utilize tax benefits through carry backs to prior periods and carry forwards to future periods evaluation of assets for impairment and other-than-temporary decline in value       recoverability of investment through future operations regulatory and political environments and requirements estimated useful lives of assets environmental obligations and operational limitations estimates of future cash flows estimates of fair value judgment about impairment triggering events goodwill and other intangible assets                                                estimated useful lives for finite-lived intangible assets judgment about impairment triggering events estimates of reporting unit's fair value fair value estimate of intangible assets acquired in business combinations business combinations                                                               fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations estimated future cash flow estimated useful lives of assets contingencies                                                                       estimated financial impact of event(s)
judgment about likelihood of event(s) occurring regulatory and political environments and requirements derivative instruments the company follows the guidance of asc 815, derivatives and hedging, or asc 815, to account for derivative instruments. asc 815 requires the company to mark-to-market all derivative instruments on the balance sheet and recognize fair value change in earnings, unless they qualify for the npns exception. asc 815 applies to nrg's energy related commodity contracts, interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts.
for purposes of measuring the fair value of derivative instruments, the company uses quoted exchange prices and broker quotes. when external prices are not available, nrg uses internal models to determine the fair value. these internal models include assumptions of the future prices of energy commodities based on the specific market in which the energy commodity is being purchased or sold, using externally available forward market pricing curves for all periods possible under the pricing model. these estimations are considered to be critical accounting estimates.
during the fourth quarter of 2020, the company entered into $1.6 billion of interest rate hedges associated with anticipated certain financing needs. as of december 31, 2020, the interest rate hedges were settled in connection with the issuance of fixed rate debt, resulting in a gain of $11 million that was recorded as a reduction to interest expense. in order to qualify the derivative instruments for hedged transactions prior to termination, nrg estimated the forecasted borrowings for interest rate swaps occurring within a specified time period.
in order to mitigate foreign exchange risk primarily associated with the purchase of usd denominated natural gas for the company's canadian business, the company enters into foreign exchange contract agreements.
certain derivative instruments that meet the criteria for derivative accounting treatment also qualify for a scope exception to derivative accounting, as they are considered to be npns. the availability of this exception is based upon the assumption that the company has the ability and it is probable to deliver or take delivery of the underlying item. these assumptions are based on expected load requirements, internal forecasts of sales and generation and historical physical delivery on contracts. derivatives that are considered to be npns are exempt from derivative accounting treatment and are accounted for under accrual accounting. if it is determined that a transaction designated as npns no longer meets the scope exception due to changes in estimates, the related contract would be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value combined with the immediate recognition through earnings.
income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2021, nrg's deferred tax assets were primarily the result of u.s. federal and state nols, the difference between book and tax basis in property, plant, and equipment, and tax credit carryforwards. the realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the company's ability to generate sufficient future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible, prior to the expiration of the tax attributes. the evaluation of deferred tax assets requires judgment in assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the company's financial statements or tax returns and forecasting future profitability by tax jurisdiction.
the company evaluates its deferred tax assets quarterly on a jurisdictional basis to determine whether adjustments to the valuation allowance are appropriate considering changes in facts or circumstances. as of each reporting date, management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, when determining the future realization of the company's deferred tax assets. given the company's current level of pre-tax earnings and forecasted future pre-tax earnings, the company expects to generate income before taxes in the u.s. in future periods at a level that would fully utilize its u.s. federal nol carryforwards and the majority of its state nol carryforwards prior to their expiration.
the company continues to maintain a valuation allowance of approximately $248 million as of december 31, 2021 against deferred tax assets consisting of state net operating losses and foreign nol carryforwards in jurisdictions where the company does not currently believe that the realization of deferred tax assets is more likely than not. as of december 31, 2020 the company's valuation allowance balance was $266 million.
considerable judgment is required to determine the tax treatment of a particular item that involves interpretations of complex tax laws. the company is subject to examination by taxing authorities for income tax returns filed in the u.s. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions, including operations located in australia and canada. the company continues to be under audit for multiple years by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions.
the company is no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2018. with few exceptions, state and and canadian income tax examinations are no longer open for years before 2013.
nrg does not intend, nor currently foresee a need, to repatriate funds held at our international operations into the u.s. these funds are deemed to be indefinitely reinvested in our foreign operations and the company has not changed its assertion with respect to distributions of funds that would require the accrual of u.s. income tax.
evaluation of assets for impairment and other-than-temporary decline in value in accordance with asc 360, property, plant, and equipment, or asc 360, the company evaluates property, plant and equipment and certain intangible assets for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. examples of such indicators or events include:
•significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset;
•significant adverse change in the manner an asset is being used or its physical condition;
•adverse business climate;
•accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amounts originally expected for the construction or acquisition of an asset;
•current period loss combined with a history of losses or the projection of future losses; and
•change in the company's intent about an asset from an intent to hold to a greater than 50% likelihood that an asset will be sold, or disposed of before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to the future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset, through considering project specific assumptions for long-term power and natural gas prices, escalated future project operating costs and expected plant operations. if such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets by factoring in the different courses of action available to the company. generally, fair value will be determined using valuation techniques, such as the present value of expected future cash flows. nrg uses its best estimates in making these evaluations and considers various factors, including forward price curves for energy, fuel and operating costs. however, actual future market prices and project costs could vary from the assumptions used in the company's estimates and the impact of such variations could be material.
for assets to be held and used, if the company determines that the undiscounted cash flows from the asset are less than the carrying amount of the asset, nrg must estimate fair value to determine the amount of any impairment loss. assets held-for-sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less the cost to sell. the estimation of fair value, whether in conjunction with an asset to be held and used or with an asset held-for-sale, and the evaluation of asset impairment are, by their nature, subjective. the company considers quoted market prices in active markets to the extent they are available. in the absence of such information, nrg may consider prices of similar assets, consult with brokers, or employ other valuation techniques. the company will also discount the estimated future cash flows associated with the asset using a single interest rate representative of the risk involved with such an investment or asset. the use of these methods involves the same inherent uncertainty of future cash flows as previously discussed with respect to undiscounted cash flows. actual future market prices and project costs could vary from those used in nrg's estimates and the impact of such variations could be material.
during the second quarter of 2021, the results of the pjm base residual auction for the 2022/2023 delivery year were released leading the company to announce the near-term retirement of a significant portion of its pjm coal generating assets in june 2022. the company considered the decline in pjm capacity prices and the near-term retirement dates of certain assets to be a trigger for impairment and performed impairment tests on the pjm generating assets and the goodwill associated with midwest generation. the company measured the impairment losses on the pjm generation assets and midwest generation goodwill as the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the pjm generating assets and midwest generation reporting unit, respectively. fair values were determined primarily using an income approach in which the company applied a discounted cash flow methodology to the long-term budgets for the plants and reporting unit. significant inputs impacting the income approach include the company's long-term view of capacity and fuel prices, projected generation, the physical and economic characteristics of each plant, and the discount rate applied to the after-tax cash flow projections. impairment losses of $271 million and $35 million were recorded in the east segment on the pjm generating assets and midwest generation goodwill, respectively.
annually, during the fourth quarter, the company revises its views of power and fuel prices including the company's fundamental view for long-term prices, forecasted generation and operating and capital expenditures, in connection with the preparation of its annual budget. changes to the company's views of long-term power and fuel prices impact the company's projections of profitability, based on management's estimate of supply and demand within the sub-markets for its operations and the physical and economic characteristics of each of its businesses.
in the fourth quarter of 2021, the company recognized an impairment loss of $213 million in the east segment as a result of changes in the long-term outlook of the joliet facility prompted by market conditions and an assessment of various alternatives for the long-term operational landscape of the facility including the impact of the ceja in illinois, which concluded with the annual budget process. the company recorded additional impairment losses of $16 million and $9 million related to various power plants in the east and west/services/other segments, respectively.
in the third quarter of 2020, the company concluded its home solar business was held for sale as a result of advanced negotiations to sell the business and recorded an impairment loss of $29 million in the west/services/other segment to adjust the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities to fair market value based on indicative sale prices. on november 13, 2020, the company completed the sale of the home solar business for $66 million.
in the fourth quarter of 2020, the company recognized an impairment loss of $32 million in the west/services/other segment related to the cottonwood facility. the impairment was attributable to the company's long-term services agreement and related lease payments, as the carrying amounts of the assets from the contract were higher than the estimated operating cash flow though the remaining lease period. additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2020, the company recorded $14 million of impairment losses related to intangible assets in the texas segment.
equity method investments the company is also required to evaluate for impairment its equity method investments in accordance with asc 323, investments - equity method and joint ventures, or asc 323. the standard for determining whether an impairment must be recorded under asc 323 is whether an observed decline in the value of an equity method investment is considered other-than-temporary. the evaluation and measurement of impairments under asc 323 involves the same uncertainties as described for long-lived assets that the company owns directly and accounts for in accordance with asc 360. similarly, the estimates that the company makes with respect to its equity method investments are subjective, and the impact of variations in these estimates could be material. additionally, if the projects in which the company holds these investments recognize an impairment under the provisions of asc 360, the company would record its proportionate share of that impairment loss and would evaluate its investment for an other-than-temporary decline in value under asc 323. during the first quarter of 2020, nrg recorded an impairment loss of $18 million in the texas segment, attributable to its equity method investment in petra nova parish holdings, which included the anticipated drawdown of the $12 million letter of credit posted in september 2019 to cover certain project debt reserve requirements.
goodwill and other intangible assets at december 31, 2021, the company reported goodwill of $1.8 billion, consisting of $1.3 billion from the acquisition of direct energy in 2021, $130 million associated with the acquisition of midwest generation and $414 million for retail operations acquisitions, including stream energy, which was acquired in 2019.
the company applies asc 805, business combinations, or asc 805, and asc 350, intangibles-goodwill and other, or asc 350 to account for its goodwill and intangible assets. under these standards, the company amortizes all finite-lived intangible assets over their respective estimated weighted-average useful lives, while goodwill has an indefinite life and is not amortized. goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently whenever an event or change in circumstances occurs that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. the company tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is identified by assessing whether the components of the company's operating segments constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and whether segment management regularly reviews the operating results of those components. the company performs the annual goodwill impairment assessment as of december 31 or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit may be below the carrying amount. the company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment has occurred. in the absence of sufficient qualitative factors, the company performs a quantitative assessment by determining the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing to its book value. if it is determined that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount, the company's goodwill will be impaired at that time.
during the second quarter of 2021, the results of the pjm base residual auction for the 2022/2023 delivery year were released leading the company to announce the near-term retirement of a significant portion of its pjm coal generating assets in june 2022. the company considered the decline in pjm capacity prices and the near-term retirement dates of certain assets to be a trigger for impairment and performed impairment tests on the pjm generating assets and the goodwill associated with midwest generation. an impairment of $35 million was recorded in midwest generation goodwill. for further discussion, see evaluation of assets for impairment and other-than-temporary decline in value caption above.
during the fourth quarter of 2021, the company performed its qualitative assessment of macroeconomic, industry and market events and circumstances, and the overall financial performance of the texas (texas segment) and east retail (east segment) reporting units. the company determined it was more-likely-than not that the fair value of the goodwill attributed to these reporting units were more than their carrying amount and accordingly, no impairment existed for the year ended december 31, 2021.
during the fourth quarter of 2021, the company also performed a quantitative assessment for the midwest generation (east segment) and west/services/other reporting units. the company determined the fair value of the reporting units using an income approach. based on the income approach, the company estimated the fair value of each reporting units' cash flows exceeded its carrying value and, as such, nrg concluded that the goodwill associated with each reporting unit was not impaired as of december 31, 2021.
the company believes the methodology and assumptions used in its quantitative assessments were consistent with the views of market participants. significant inputs to the determinations of fair value of the midwest generation reporting unit were as follows:
•the company applied a discounted cash flow methodology to the long-term budgets for the midwest generation plants, resulting in fair value over the carrying value of the reporting unit of 117%. the significant assumptions used to derive the long-term budgets used in the income approach are affected by the following key inputs:
◦the company's views of power, capacity and fuel prices consider market prices for the next five years and the company's fundamental view for the longer term, driven by the company's long-term view of the price of natural gas. the company's fundamental view for the longer term reflects the implied prices and heat rate that would support new build of a combined cycle gas plant. the price of natural gas plays an important role in setting the price of electricity in many of the regions where nrg operates power plants. hedging is included to the extent of contracts already in place;
◦the company's estimate of generation, fuel costs, capital expenditure requirements and the existing and anticipated impact of environmental regulations;
◦the company's fundamental view for the longer term, cash flows for the plants in the region were included in the fair value calculation through the end of each plants' estimated useful life; and
◦projected generation and resulting energy gross margin in the long-term budgets is based on an hourly dispatch that simulates dispatch of each unit into the power market. the dispatch simulation is based on power prices, fuel prices, and the physical and economic characteristics of each plant.
fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the annual goodwill impairment test will prove to be accurate predictions of the future.
business combinations we account for business acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting prescribed under asc 805. under this method, we are required to record on our consolidated balance sheets the estimated fair values of the acquired company's assets and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. determining fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires significant estimates and judgments. we determine fair value based on the estimated price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. the acquired assets and assumed liabilities that involved the most subjectivity in determining fair value consisted of the trade names, customer relationships and derivative contracts.
the fair value of trade names and customer relationships was measured using income-based valuation methodologies, which include certain assumptions such as forecasted future cash flows, customer attrition rates, royalty rates and discount rates. the trade names are amortized to depreciation and amortization, on a straight line basis. the customer relationships are amortized to depreciation and amortization, ratably based on discounted future cash flows.
in measuring the fair value of derivative contracts, a significant portion of the fair value of the derivative portfolio was based on price quotes from brokers in active markets who regularly facilitate those transactions and the company believes such price quotes are executable. the company does not use third party sources that derive price based on proprietary models or market surveys. the remainder of the assets and liabilities represents contracts for which external sources or observable market quotes are not available. these contracts were valued based on various valuation techniques including but not limited to internal models based on a fundamental analysis of the market and extrapolation of observable market data with similar characteristics. the fair value of each contract was discounted using a risk free interest rate. in addition, the company applied a credit reserve to reflect credit risk. nrg describes in detail its acquisitions in item 15 - note 4, acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements contingencies nrg records reserves for estimated losses from contingencies when information available indicates that a loss is probable and the amount of the loss, or range of loss, can be reasonably estimated. gain contingencies are not recorded until management determines it is certain that the future event will become or does become a reality. such determinations are subject to interpretations of current facts and circumstances, forecasts of future events, and estimates of the financial impacts of such events. nrg describes in detail its contingencies in item 15 - note 23, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting developments see item 15 - note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting developments.
