item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating the company and its common stock. any of the following risks, or other risks or uncertainties not presently known or currently deemed immaterial, could materially and adversely affect the company's business, results of operations or financial condition, and could, in turn, impact the trading price of the company's common stock.
risks relating to the company's businesses and operations the company operates in a highly competitive business environment, and its success depends on its ability to compete effectively, including by responding to evolving technologies and changes in consumer and customer behavior.
the company faces significant competition from other providers of news, information, entertainment and real estate-related services, including both traditional and new providers. see "business overview" for more information regarding competition within each of the company's segments. this competition continues to intensify as a result of changes in technologies, platforms and business models and corresponding changes in consumer and customer behavior, and the company may be adversely affected if consumers or customers migrate to other alternatives. for example, enhanced internet capabilities, developments in content distribution platforms and the emergence of new media channels have led to alternative methods for the delivery, storage and consumption of content, which have increased the number of choices available to consumers for content consumption and have, in turn, adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, demand for the company's newspapers, television programs and other products and services and the price consumers are willing to pay. consumption of the company's content on third-party delivery platforms may also lead to loss of distribution and pricing control, loss of a direct relationship with consumers and lower engagement and subscription rates. these trends and developments have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, both the company's circulation and subscription revenue and, in turn, advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising from the company, as well as increase subscriber acquisition, retention and other costs.
technological developments have in some cases also increased competition by lowering barriers to entry. for example, content providers are now able to compete more easily with the company's pay-tv business via direct-to-consumer offerings, as internet streaming capabilities have enabled the disaggregation of content delivery from the ownership of network infrastructure. other digital platforms and technologies, such as user-generated content platforms and self-publishing tools, have also reduced the effort and expense of producing and distributing certain types of content on a wide scale, allowing digital content providers, customers, suppliers and other third parties to compete with the company, often at a lower cost. additional digital distribution channels, such as online retailers and digital marketplaces, have presented, and may continue to present, challenges to the company's business models, including its traditional book publishing model, which could adversely affect sales volume and/or pricing.
in order to compete effectively, the company must differentiate and distinguish its brands and their associated products and services, respond to and develop new technologies, distribution channels and platforms, products and services and anticipate and consistently respond to changes in consumer and customer needs, tastes and behavior, which in turn, depends on many factors both within and beyond its control. for example, the company relies on brand awareness, reputation and acceptance of its high-quality differentiated content and other products and services, the breadth, depth and accuracy of information provided by its digital real estate services and professional information businesses, as well as its wide array of digital offerings, in order to retain and grow its audiences, consumers and subscribers. however, consumer tastes change frequently and are difficult to predict, and when faced with a multitude of choices, consumers may place greater value on the convenience and price of content and other products and services than they do on their source, quality or reliability. online traffic and product and service purchases are also driven by internet search results, referrals from social media and other platforms and visibility on digital marketplace platforms and in mobile app stores. search engine results and digital marketplace and mobile app store rankings are based on algorithms that are changed frequently, and social media and other platforms may also vary their emphasis on what content to highlight for users. any failure to successfully manage and adapt to these changes across the company's businesses, including those affecting how the company's content, apps, products and services are discovered, prioritized, displayed and monetized, could impede the company's ability to compete effectively by significantly decreasing traffic to the company's digital properties, lowering advertiser interest in those properties, increasing costs if free traffic is replaced with paid traffic and lowering product sales and subscriptions. a shortfall in the expected popularity or discoverability of the company's content or other products and services could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations.
the company expects to continue to pursue new strategic initiatives and develop new and enhanced products and services in order to remain competitive, such as its streaming services, its recently launched transformation initiative and the continued expansion into various adjacencies at its digital real estate services businesses. the company has incurred, and expects to continue to incur, significant costs in order to implement these strategies and develop these new products and services, including costs to continue developing and improving its streaming services and costs related to its transformation initiative, as well as other costs to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade and exploit new and existing technologies and attract and retain employees with the necessary knowledge and skills. there can be no assurance any strategic initiatives, products and services will be successful in the manner or time period or at the cost the company expects or that it will realize the anticipated benefits it expects to achieve. the failure to realize those benefits could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
some of the company's current and potential competitors may have greater resources, fewer regulatory burdens, better competitive positions in certain areas, greater operating capabilities, greater access to sources of content, data, technology or other services or strategic relationships and/or easier access to financing, which may allow them to respond more effectively to changes in technology, consumer and customer needs, preferences and behavior and market conditions. continued consolidation among competitors in certain industries in which the company operates may increase these advantages, including through greater scale, financial leverage and/or access to content, data, technology and other offerings. if the company is unable to compete successfully against existing or future competitors, its business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
a decline in customer advertising expenditures in the company's newspaper and other businesses could cause its revenues and operating results to decline significantly.
the company derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising, and its ability to generate advertising revenue is dependent on a number of factors, including: (1) demand for the company's products and services, (2) audience fragmentation, (3) digital advertising trends, (4) its ability to offer advertising products and formats sought by advertisers, (5) general economic and business conditions, (6) demographics of the customer base, (7) advertising rates, (8) advertising effectiveness and (9) maintaining its brand strength and reputation.
demand for the company's products and services is evaluated based on a variety of metrics. for example, circulation levels for the company's newspapers, ratings points for its cable channels and number of listeners for its radio stations are among the factors advertisers consider when determining the amount of advertising to purchase from the company as well as advertising rates. for the company's digital media properties, advertisers evaluate consumer demand using metrics such as the number of visits, number of users and user engagement. any difficulty or failure in accurately measuring demand, particularly demand generated through new platforms, may lead to under-measurement and, in turn, lower advertising pricing and spending.
the popularity of digital media among consumers as a source of news, entertainment and other content, and the ability of digital advertising offerings to deliver targeted advertising promptly, has driven a corresponding shift in advertising from traditional channels to digital platforms. large digital platforms in particular, such as facebook, google and amazon, which have extensive audience reach, audience data and targeting capabilities, have commanded an increasing share of the digital advertising market in recent years, and the company expects this trend to continue. the shift to digital media has significantly impacted the company's print advertising revenues, which have declined in each of its last three fiscal years. new devices and technologies, as well as higher consumer engagement with other forms of digital media platforms such as online and mobile social networking, have also increased the number of media choices and formats available to audiences, resulting in audience fragmentation and increased competition for advertising. the range of advertising choices across digital products and platforms and the large inventory of available digital advertising space have historically resulted in significantly lower rates for digital advertising than for print advertising. in addition, in the past, rates have been generally lower for mobile advertising than for desktop advertising. as a result, increasing consumer reliance on mobile devices has added, and may continue to add, additional pricing pressure. consequently, despite continued growth in the company's digital advertising revenues, such revenues may not be able to replace print advertising revenue lost as a result of the shift to digital consumption.
the digital advertising market also continues to undergo changes that may further impact digital advertising revenues. programmatic buying channels that allow advertisers to buy audiences at scale play a significant role in the advertising marketplace and have caused and may continue to cause further downward pricing pressure. new third-party delivery platforms may also lead to loss of distribution and pricing control, loss of a direct relationship with consumers and adversely affect the company's ability to understand its audience and/or collect and apply data for targeted advertising. the company's digital advertising operations also rely on a small number of significant technologies such as google's ad manager which, if interrupted or meaningfully changed, or if the providers leverage their power to alter the economic structure, could adversely impact advertising revenues. in addition, evolving standards for the delivery of digital advertising, as well as the development and implementation of technology, regulations, policies and practices that adversely affect the company's ability to deliver, target or measure the effectiveness of its advertising, including blocking, changing the location of, or obscuring, the display of advertising on websites and mobile devices, browsing incognito, blocking or deleting cookies and ip addresses, the phase-out of browser support for third party cookies and mobile operating system identifiers used for advertising purposes, as well as opt-in requirements, may also negatively impact digital advertising revenues. as the digital advertising market continues to evolve, the company's ability to compete successfully for advertising budgets will depend on, among other things, its ability to drive scale, engage and grow digital audiences, collect and leverage better user data, develop new digital advertising products and formats such as branded and other custom content, and video and mobile advertising, and demonstrate the value of its advertising and the effectiveness of the company's platforms to its advertising customers, including through more targeted, data-driven offerings.
the company's print and digital advertising revenue is also affected generally by overall national and local economic and business conditions, which tend to be cyclical, as well as election and other news cycles. natural disasters, including extreme weather, pandemics (including the novel coronavirus ("covid-19") pandemic) and other widespread health crises or acts of terrorism have led and could continue to lead to greater economic uncertainty and reduced spending by advertisers. the company experienced a material negative impact on advertising revenues primarily in the first half of fiscal 2021 because of weakness in the advertising market due to covid-19. in addition, certain sectors of the economy account for a significant portion of the company's advertising revenues, including retail, technology and finance. some of these sectors, such as retail, are more sensitive to weakness in economic conditions, as well as increased online competition. a decline in the economic prospects of these and other advertisers or the economy in general could alter current or prospective advertisers' spending priorities or result in consolidation or closures across various industries, which may reduce the company's overall advertising revenue.
while the company has adopted a number of strategies and initiatives to address these challenges, there can be no guarantee that its efforts will be successful. if the company is unable to demonstrate the continuing value of its various platforms and high-quality content and brands or offer advertisers unique multi-platform advertising programs, its results may suffer. reduced demand for the company's offerings, a decrease in advertising expenditures by the company's customers or a surplus of advertising inventory could lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending, which could have an adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the inability to obtain and retain sports, entertainment and other programming rights and content could adversely affect the revenue of certain of the company's operating businesses, and costs could also increase upon renewal.
competition for popular programming licensed from third parties is intense, and the success of certain of the company's operating businesses, including its subscription television business, depends on, among other things, their ability to obtain and retain rights to desirable programming and certain related elements thereof, such as music rights, that enable them to deliver content to subscribers and audiences in the manner in which they wish to consume it and at competitive prices. the subscription television industry, including the company's subscription television business, has experienced higher programming costs due to, among other things, (1) increases imposed by sports, entertainment and other programmers when offering new programming or upon the expiration of existing contracts; (2) the carriage of incremental programming, including new services and svod programming; and (3) increased competition from other digital media companies, including streaming services, for the rights to popular or exclusive content. certain of the company's operating businesses, including its subscription television business, are party to contracts for sports, entertainment and other programming rights with various third parties, including professional sports leagues and teams, television and motion picture producers and other content providers. these contracts have varying durations and renewal terms, and as they expire, renewals on favorable terms may be sought. in the course of renegotiating these and other agreements as they expire, the financial and other terms, such as exclusivity rights, under these contracts may change as a result of various reasons beyond the company's control, such as changes in the company's bargaining power or in the industry, and in order to retain or extend such rights, the company may be required to increase the value of its offer to amounts that substantially exceed the existing contract costs. furthermore, third parties may outbid the company for those rights and/or for any new programming offerings. in addition, as other content providers develop their own competing services, they may be unwilling to provide the company with access to certain content. for example, professional sports leagues or teams, as well as programmers and distributors such as viacomcbs and disney, have created and may continue to create their own direct-to-consumer offerings. further, consolidation among content providers may increase the amount of content that could become unavailable to the company and/or increase the scale and bargaining power of those providers. the loss of rights or any adverse changes to existing rights, including loss of exclusivity, may adversely affect the company's ability to differentiate its services and the breadth or quality of the company's content offerings, including the extent of the sports coverage and the availability of other popular entertainment programming offered by the company, and lead to customer or audience dissatisfaction or, in some cases, loss of customers or audiences, which could, in turn, adversely affect its revenues. in addition, the company's business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if upon renewal, escalations in programming rights costs are unmatched by increases in subscriber and carriage fees and advertising rates. the long-term nature of some of the company's content commitments may also limit its flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in, business and economic conditions and the market segments in which it operates.
the company has made and may continue to make strategic acquisitions, investments and divestitures that introduce significant risks and uncertainties.
in order to position its business to take advantage of growth opportunities, the company has made and may continue to make strategic acquisitions and investments that involve significant risks and uncertainties. these risks and uncertainties include, among others: (1) the difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses, operations and systems, including financial reporting, internal controls and information technology, in an efficient and effective manner, (2) the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other anticipated benefits, (3) the potential loss of key employees, customers and suppliers, (4) with respect to investments, risks associated with the inability to control the operations of the business, (5) the risk of diverting the attention of the company's senior management from the company's operations, (6) in the case of foreign acquisitions and investments, the impact of specific economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with the relevant countries, (7) expenses and liabilities, both known and unknown, associated with the acquired businesses or investments, (8) in some cases, increased regulation and (9) in some cases, lower liquidity as a result of the use of cash or incurrence of debt to fund such acquisition or investment. if any acquired business or investment fails to operate as anticipated or an acquired business cannot be successfully integrated with the company's existing businesses, the company's business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation could be adversely affected, and the company may be required to record non-cash impairment charges for the write-down of certain acquired assets and investments. the company's ability to continue to make acquisitions depends on the availability of suitable candidates at acceptable prices and whether restrictions are imposed by regulations, and competition for certain types of acquisitions is significant.
the company has also divested and may in the future divest certain assets or businesses that no longer fit with its strategic direction or growth targets. divestitures involve significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition. these include, among others, the inability to find potential buyers on favorable terms, disruption to its business and/or diversion of management attention from other business concerns, loss of key employees, difficulties in separating the operations of the divested business, retention of certain liabilities related to the divested business and indemnification or other post-closing claims.
the company's pay-tv business depends on a single or limited number of suppliers for certain key products and services, and any reduction or interruption in the supply of these products and services or a significant increase in price could have an adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company's pay-tv business depends on a single or limited number of third party suppliers to supply certain key products and services necessary to provide its pay-tv services. in particular, the company depends on optus to provide all of its satellite transponder capacity and commscope and jonsa to supply its set-top boxes, and the company expects its reliance on these suppliers to increase as it continues to migrate broadcast subscribers to satellite or internet delivery over the next several years. if any of these suppliers breaches or terminates its agreement with the company or otherwise fails to perform its obligations in a timely manner, experiences operating or financial difficulties, is unable to meet demand due to component shortages, insufficient capacity or otherwise, significantly increases the amount the company pays for necessary products or services or ceases production of any necessary product, the company's business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
in addition, telstra is the primary supplier of cable distribution capacity for the company's pay-tv programming and is also currently the exclusive provider of wholesale fixed voice and broadband services for the company's pay-tv business and the largest reseller of its cable and satellite products. any disruption in the supply of those services or a decline in telstra's business could result in disruptions to the supply of, and/or reduce the number of subscribers for, the company's products and services, which could, in turn, adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.
while the company will seek alternative sources for the products and services described above where possible and/or permissible under applicable agreements, it may not be able to develop these alternative sources quickly and cost-effectively, which could impair its ability to timely deliver its products and services to its subscribers or operate its business.
the company's international operations expose it to additional risks that could adversely affect its business, operating results and financial condition.
in its fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, approximately 63% of the company's revenues were derived outside the u.s., and the company is focused on expanding the international scope of its operations. there are risks inherent in doing business internationally and other risks may be heightened, including (1) issues related to managing international operations; (2) economic uncertainties and volatility in local markets and political or social instability; (3) the impact of catastrophic events in relevant jurisdictions such as natural disasters, including extreme weather (which may occur with increasing frequency and intensity), pandemics (including covid-19) and other widespread health crises or acts of terrorism; (4) compliance with international laws, regulations and policies, including foreign tax regimes and potential adverse changes thereto, foreign ownership restrictions, restrictions on repatriation of funds and foreign currency exchange, data privacy requirements such as the gdpr, foreign intellectual property laws and local labor and employment laws and regulations; (5) compliance with anti-corruption laws and regulations such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act; and (6) increasing regulatory or governmental action against the company's products and services such as censorship or other restrictions on access, expulsion of journalists or other employees and other retaliatory actions, including as a result of trade and other disputes with the u.s. for example, brexit may continue to adversely affect, among other things, economic and market conditions in the u.k. and the european union, create uncertainty around doing business in the u.k. and result in additional costs and compliance obligations, including with respect to tariffs and other trade barriers, data protection and transfer, tax rates and the recruitment and retention of employees. events or developments related to these and other risks associated with the company's international operations could result in reputational harm and have an adverse impact on the company's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. challenges associated with operating globally may increase as the company continues to expand into geographic areas that it believes represent the highest growth opportunities.
the company is party to agreements with third parties relating to certain of its businesses that contain operational and management restrictions and/or other rights that, depending on the circumstances, may not be in the best interest of the company.
the company is party to agreements with third parties relating to certain of its businesses that restrict the company's ability to take specified actions and contain other rights that, depending on the circumstances, may not be in the best interest of the company. for example, the company and telstra are parties to a shareholders' agreement with respect to foxtel containing certain minority protections for telstra, including standard governance provisions, as well as transfer and exit rights. the shareholders' agreement provides telstra with the right to appoint two directors to the board of foxtel, as well as board and shareholder-level veto rights over certain non-ordinary course and/or material corporate actions that may prevent foxtel from taking actions that are in the interests of the company. the shareholders' agreement also provides for (1) certain transfer restrictions, which could adversely affect the company's ability to effect such transfers and/or the prices at which those transfers may occur, and (2) exit arrangements, which could, in certain circumstances, force the company to sell its interest, subject to rights of first and, in some cases, last refusals.
in addition, move, the company's digital real estate services business in the u.s., operates the realtor.com速 website under an agreement with nar that is perpetual in duration. however, nar may terminate the operating agreement for certain contractually-specified reasons upon expiration of applicable cure periods. if the operating agreement with nar is terminated, the nar license would also terminate, and move would be required to transfer a copy of the software that operates the realtor.com速 website to nar and provide nar with copies of its agreements with advertisers and data content providers. nar would then be able to operate a realtor.com速 website, either by itself or with another third party.
damage, failure or destruction of satellites and transmitter facilities that the company's pay-tv business depends upon to distribute its programming could adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company's pay-tv business uses satellite systems to transmit its programming to its subscribers and/or authorized sublicensees. the company's distribution facilities include uplinks, communications satellites and downlinks, and the company also uses studio and transmitter facilities. transmissions may be disrupted or degraded as a result of local disasters, including extreme weather (which may occur with increasing frequency and intensity), power outages, terrorist attacks, cyberattacks or other similar events, that damage or destroy on-ground uplinks or downlinks or studio and transmitter facilities, or as a result of damage to a satellite. satellites are subject to significant operational and environmental risks while in orbit, including anomalies resulting from various factors such as manufacturing defects and problems with power or control systems, as well as environmental hazards such as meteoroid events, electrostatic storms and collisions with space debris. these events may result in the loss of one or more transponders on a satellite or the entire satellite and/or reduce the useful life of the satellite, which could, in turn, lead to a disruption or loss of video services to the company's customers. the company does not carry commercial insurance for business disruptions or losses resulting from the foregoing events as it believes the cost of insurance premiums is uneconomical relative to the risk. instead, the company seeks to mitigate this risk through the maintenance of backup satellite capacity and other contingency plans. however, these steps may not be sufficient, and if the company is unable to secure alternate distribution, studio and/or transmission facilities in a timely manner, any such disruption or loss could have an adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the loss of key personnel, or the failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel, could harm the company's business.
the company's businesses depend upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of its corporate and divisional executive teams and other highly qualified employees who possess substantial business, technical and operational knowledge. the market for highly skilled personnel, including for technology-related, product development, data science, marketing and sales roles, is very competitive, and the company cannot ensure that it will be successful in retaining these employees or hiring and training suitable additions or replacements without significant costs or delays, particularly as its focus on digital products and services increases. these risks may be further exacerbated by changes in the nature of the office environment and remote working as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, particularly if the company's needs are not aligned with increased demand for flexible work arrangements or as a result of workplace culture challenges due to increased remote working. the loss of key employees, or the failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel, could harm the company's business, including the ability to execute its business strategy.
any significant increase in newsprint costs or disruption in the company's newsprint supply chain or newspaper printing and distribution channels may adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
newsprint is a significant expense for the company's newspaper publishing units. the price of newsprint has historically been volatile, and a number of factors may cause prices to increase, including: (1) the closure and consolidation of newsprint mills or the conversion of newsprint mills to other products or grades of paper, which has reduced the number of newsprint suppliers over the years; (2) the imposition of tariffs or other restrictions on non-u.s. suppliers of paper; (3) an increase in supplier operating expenses due to rising raw material or energy costs or other factors; (4) failure to maintain the company's current consumption levels; and (5) the inability to maintain the company's existing relationships with its newsprint suppliers. the company also relies on third party suppliers for deliveries of newsprint and on third-party printing and distribution partners to print and distribute its newspapers in a number of key areas, including printing of the wall street journal, the new york post and barron's in new york. financial pressures, newspaper industry economics, labor unrest, changes in laws and regulations, trucking shortages, ocean freight and customs delays and other transportation issues, natural disasters, including extreme weather (which may occur with increasing frequency and intensity), pandemics and other widespread health crises or other circumstances affecting these third-party suppliers and print and distribution partners could lead to disruptions, reduced operations or consolidations within the company's newsprint supply chain and/or of third-party print sites and/or distribution routes. the company may not be able to develop alternative providers quickly and cost-effectively, which could disrupt printing and distribution operations or increase the cost of printing and distributing the company's newspapers. any significant increase in the cost of newsprint, undersupply or significant disruptions in the newsprint supply chain or newspaper printing and distribution channels could have an adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company is subject to payment processing risk which could lead to adverse effects on the company's business and results of operations.
the company's customers pay for its products and services using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, prepaid cards, direct debit, online wallets and through direct carrier and partner billing. the company relies on internal systems as well as those of third parties to process payment. acceptance and processing of these payment methods are subject to certain rules and regulations and require payment of interchange and other fees. to the extent there are increases in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, delays in receiving payments from payment processors, any failures to comply with, or changes to, rules or regulations concerning payments, loss of payment or billing partners and/or disruptions or failures in, or fraudulent use of or access to, payment processing systems or payment products, the company's results of operations could be adversely impacted and it could suffer reputational harm. furthermore, if the company is unable to maintain its fraud and chargeback rates at acceptable levels, card networks may impose fines and its card approval rate may be impacted. the termination of the company's ability to process payments on any major payment method would adversely affect its business and results of operations.
labor disputes may have an adverse effect on the company's business.
in a variety of the company's businesses, it engages the services of employees who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. if the company is unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. such actions, as well as higher costs in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on the company's business by causing delays in production or by reducing profit margins.
macroeconomic and market risks the covid-19 pandemic and other similar epidemics, pandemics or widespread health crises could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
the covid-19 outbreak and the resulting responses of governments, businesses and consumers, have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. the covid-19 pandemic led to the implementation of unprecedented and wide-ranging measures by international, federal, state and local public health and governmental authorities to contain and combat the outbreak and spread of the virus, including quarantines, shelter-in-place and other social distancing orders, event cancellations, travel restrictions and orders for many businesses to curtail or cease normal operations. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and measures to prevent its spread caused significant and prolonged unemployment and a decline in consumer confidence and created significant economic volatility, uncertainty and disruption. other epidemics, pandemics or widespread health crises may have similar effects.
during fiscal 2021, particularly in the first half, the covid-19 pandemic continued to impact the company's businesses, although the impacts moderated relative to fiscal 2020. for example, business restrictions and shelter-in-place orders caused a decline in print newspaper volumes, while postponements and cancellations of sports events negatively impacted commercial subscription revenues and broadcast and kayo subscribers. advertising revenues also declined due to the resulting economic downturn. while the company saw growth in other areas, including digital subscribers at its newspaper businesses, book sales at its book publishing segment and audience growth at realtor.com速, driven in part by pandemic-related circumstances and the news environment, this growth may not be sustainable.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, the company instituted remote working arrangements for a substantial majority of its employees. while these arrangements have not materially affected the company's ability to maintain its business operations to date, these work arrangements could, in the future, strain the company's business continuity plans, introduce operational risk, including cybersecurity risks or risks to the effectiveness of the company's internal controls, and affect the company's productivity and ability to manage its business and perform critical functions.
the ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic and other similar epidemics, pandemics or widespread health crises will depend on, among other things, the severity, duration, spread and any reoccurrence of such crises, the impact of governmental actions and business and consumer behavior in response, the effectiveness of actions taken to contain or mitigate outbreaks and prevent or limit any reoccurrence, including the development, availability and public acceptance of effective treatments and vaccines, the resulting global economic conditions and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. in addition, the covid-19 pandemic and other similar epidemics, pandemics or widespread health crises may amplify many of the other risk factors disclosed elsewhere in this "item 1a. risk factors."
weak domestic and global economic conditions and volatility and disruption in the financial and other markets may adversely affect the company's business.
the u.s. and global economies have undergone, and may in the future experience, periods of economic and market weakness and uncertainty, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, trade disputes between a number of countries and higher inflation. these conditions have resulted in, among other things, a tightening of, and in some cases more limited access to, the credit and capital markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy, lower consumer and business spending, lower consumer net worth and a decline in the real estate market. such weakness and uncertainty and associated market disruptions have often led to broader, prolonged economic downturns that have historically resulted in lower advertising expenditures, lower demand for the company's products and services and unfavorable changes in the mix of products and services purchased and have adversely affected the company's business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. any continued or recurring economic weakness is likely to have a similar impact on the company's business and reduce its circulation and subscription, advertising, real estate, consumer and other revenues and otherwise negatively impact the performance of its businesses. the company is particularly exposed to certain australian business risks, including specific australian legal and regulatory risks, consumer preferences and competition, because it holds a substantial amount of australian assets and generated approximately 42% of its fiscal 2021 revenues from australia. as a result, the company's business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by negative developments in the australian market, including, for example, weakness in the australian residential real estate market which has led, and may in the future lead, to lower listing volumes at rea group. the company also generated approximately 14% of its fiscal 2021 revenues from the u.k., which continues to experience political, regulatory, economic and market uncertainty following its exit from the european union, commonly referred to as "brexit." while the u.k. and the european union have entered into a trade and cooperation agreement, which provides a framework for the u.k.'s future relationship with the european union, significant political and economic uncertainty remains as both parties continue to work on the rules for implementation. the impact on the company's business of any treaties, laws and regulations that replace the existing european union counterparts, or other governmental or regulatory actions taken by the u.k. or the european union in connection with or subsequent to brexit, cannot be predicted, including whether or not regulators will continue to approve or impose material conditions on the company's business activities. in addition, brexit may lead to a downturn in the u.k. or other european economies and could lead to lower access to european markets, in general. any of these effects, and others the company cannot anticipate, could have a material adverse effect on its businesses in the u.k. and elsewhere.
in addition, further volatility and disruption in the financial markets could make it more difficult and expensive for the company to obtain financing or refinance its existing indebtedness. these conditions could also impair the ability of those with whom the company does business to satisfy their obligations to the company, including as a result of their inability to obtain capital on acceptable terms. although the company believes that its cash on hand, operating cash flow and current access to credit and capital markets, including the company's revolving credit facility, will give it the ability to meet its financial needs for at least the next 12 months, there can be no assurance that any further volatility and disruption in domestic and global credit and capital markets will not impair the company's liquidity or increase its cost of borrowing.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse effect on the company's results of operations.
the company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to its consolidated debt when the debt is denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operations whose cash flows support the ability to repay or refinance such debt. as of june 30, 2021, the foxtel operating subsidiaries, whose functional currency is australian dollars, had approximately $354 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding indebtedness denominated in u.s. dollars. the company's policy is to hedge against the risk of foreign currency exchange rate movements with respect to this exposure where commercially reasonable. however, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so at a reasonable cost or at all, or that there will not be a default by any of the counterparties to those arrangements.
in addition, the company is exposed to foreign currency translation risk because it has significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of its operations are conducted in currencies other than the company's reporting currency, primarily the australian dollar and the british pound sterling. since the company's financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, a currency translation impact on the company's earnings when the results of those operations that are reported in foreign currencies are translated into u.s. dollars for inclusion in the company's consolidated financial statements, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on its reported results of operations in a given period or in specific markets.
risks related to information technology, cybersecurity and data protection the company relies on network and information systems and other technology whose failure or misuse could cause a disruption of services or loss, improper access to or disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information, resulting in increased costs, loss of revenue, reputational damage or other harm to the company's business.
network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to the company's content delivery networks and network management, are important to its business activities and contain the company's proprietary, confidential and sensitive business information, including personal data of its customers and personnel. the company also relies on third party providers for certain technology and "cloud-based" systems and services that support a variety of business operations. network and information systems-related events affecting the company's systems, or those of third parties upon which the company's business relies, such as computer compromises, cyber threats and attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, ransomware and denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities by individuals or state-sponsored or other groups, or any combination of the foregoing, as well as power and internet outages, equipment failure, natural disasters, including extreme weather (which may occur with increasing frequency and intensity), terrorist activities, war, human or technological error or malfeasance that may affect such systems, could result in disruption of the company's services and business and/or loss, corruption, improper access to or disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information. unauthorized parties may also fraudulently induce the company's employees or other agents to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to the company's systems, facilities or data, or those of third parties with whom the company does business. in addition, any design or manufacturing defects in, or the improper implementation of, hardware or software applications the company develops or procures from third parties could unexpectedly disrupt the company's network and information systems or compromise information security. system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and the company's disaster recovery and business continuity planning may not be sufficient to address all potential cyber events or other disruptions.
in recent years, there has been a significant rise in the number of cyberattacks on companies' network and information systems, and such attacks are becoming increasingly more sophisticated, targeted and difficult to detect and prevent against. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, remote work and remote access to the company's systems has increased significantly, which may adversely impact the effectiveness of the company's security measures. consequently, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase, particularly as the company's digital businesses expand. the company has experienced, and expects to continue to be subject to, cybersecurity threats and incidents, none of which have been material to the company to date, individually or in the aggregate. however, there is no assurance that there will not be a cybersecurity threat or incident that has a material adverse effect in the future. while the company and its vendors have developed and implemented security measures and internal controls that are designed to protect personal data, business information, including intellectual property, and other confidential information, to prevent system disruption, data loss or corruption, and to prevent or detect security breaches, such measures may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, particularly given that techniques used to access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently. additionally, it may be difficult to detect and defend against certain threats and vulnerabilities that can persist over extended periods of time. any network and information systems-related events could require the company to expend significant resources to remedy such event. moreover, the development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. while the company maintains cyber risk insurance, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all losses from any future breaches of the company's systems and does not extend to reputational damage or costs incurred to improve or strengthen systems against future incidents. cyber risk insurance has also become more difficult and expensive to obtain, and the company cannot be certain that its current level of insurance or the breadth of its terms and conditions will continue to be available on economically reasonable terms.
a significant failure, compromise, breach or interruption of the company's systems, or those of third parties upon which its business relies, could result in a disruption of its operations, including degradation or disruption of service, equipment damage, customer, audience or advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to its reputation or brands, regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, lawsuits, remediation costs, a loss of or inability to attract new customers, audience, advertisers or business partners or loss of revenues and other financial losses. if any such failure, compromise, breach, interruption or similar event results in improper access to or disclosure of information maintained in the company's information systems and networks or those of its vendors, including financial, personal and credit card data, as well as confidential and proprietary information relating to personnel, customers, vendors and the company's business, including its intellectual property, the company could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy, as well as private individual or class action lawsuits. the company may also be required to notify certain governmental agencies and/or regulators (including the appropriate eu supervisory authority) about any actual or perceived data security breach, as well as the individuals who are affected by any such incident, within strict time periods. in addition, media or other reports of perceived security vulnerabilities in the company's systems or those of third parties upon which its business relies, even if nothing has actually been attempted or occurred, could also adversely impact the company's brand and reputation and materially affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.
failure to comply with complex and evolving u.s. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use and data protection could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
the company's business activities are subject to various and increasing laws and regulations in the united states and internationally governing the collection, use, sharing, protection and retention of personal data, which have implications for how such data is managed. many of these laws and regulations are increasingly complex and continue to evolve, and substantial uncertainty surrounds their scope and application. moreover, data privacy and security laws may potentially conflict from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. complying with these laws and regulations could be costly and resource-intensive, require the company to change its business practices, or limit or restrict aspects of the company's business in a manner adverse to its business operations, including by inhibiting or preventing the collection of information that would enable it to provide more targeted, data-driven advertising offerings. the company's failure to comply, even if inadvertent or in good faith, or as a result of a compromise, breach or interruption of the company's systems by a third party, could result in exposure to enforcement by u.s. federal, state or local or foreign governments or private parties, as well as significant negative publicity and reputational damage. examples of such laws include the european union's gdpr and the uk dpa, each of which expands the regulation of personal data processing throughout the european union and the u.k., respectively, and significantly increases maximum penalties for non-compliance, california's ccpa and forthcoming cpra and virginia's cdpa, which establish certain transparency rules, put greater restrictions on the collection, use and sharing of personal information of their respective state residents and provide such residents with certain rights regarding their personal information. see "governmental regulation-data privacy and security" for more information.
risks related to financial results and position the indebtedness of the company and certain of its subsidiaries may affect their ability to operate their businesses, and may have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations. the company and its subsidiaries may be able to incur substantially more debt, which could further exacerbate the risks described herein.
as of june 30, 2021, news corp had $2.15 billion of total outstanding indebtedness (excluding related party debt) with maturities ranging from fiscal 2023 through fiscal 2029, including $854 million and $314 million, respectively, of indebtedness held by its non-wholly owned subsidiaries, foxtel and rea group (collectively with news corp, the "debtors"). the indebtedness of the debtors and the terms of their financing arrangements could: (1) limit their ability to obtain additional financing in the future; (2) make it more difficult for them to satisfy their obligations under the terms of their financing arrangements, including the provisions of any relevant debt instruments, credit agreements, indentures and similar or associated documents (collectively, the "debt documents"); (3) limit their ability to refinance their indebtedness on terms acceptable to them or at all; (4) limit their flexibility to plan for and adjust to changing business and market conditions in the industries in which they operate and increase their vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; (5) require them to dedicate a substantial portion of their cash flow to make interest and principal payments on their debt, thereby limiting the availability of their cash flow to fund future investments, capital expenditures, working capital, business activities, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; (6) subject them to higher levels of indebtedness than their competitors, which may cause a competitive disadvantage and may reduce their flexibility in responding to increased competition; and (7) in the case of the company's fixed rate indebtedness, which includes prepayment penalties, diminish the company's ability to benefit from any future decrease in interest rates.
the ability of the debtors to satisfy their debt service obligations (including any repurchase obligations) and to fund other cash needs will depend on the debtors' future performance and other factors such as changes in interest rates affecting the debtors' variable rate indebtedness. although the company hedges a portion of this interest rate exposure, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so at a reasonable cost or at all, or that there will not be a default by any of the counterparties. if the debtors do not generate enough cash to pay their debt service obligations and fund their other cash requirements, they may be required to restructure or refinance all or part of their existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or raise additional equity, any or all of which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. the company and its subsidiaries, including the debtors, may also be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, which could exacerbate the effects described elsewhere in this "item 1a. risk factors."
in addition, the debtors' outstanding debt documents contain financial and operating covenants that may limit their operational and financial flexibility. these covenants include compliance with, or maintenance of, certain financial tests and ratios and may, depending on the applicable debtor and subject to certain exceptions, restrict or prohibit such debtor and/or its subsidiaries from, among other things, incurring or guaranteeing debt, undertaking certain transactions (including certain investments and acquisitions), disposing of certain properties or assets (including subsidiary stock), merging or consolidating with any other person, making financial accommodation available, entering into certain other financing arrangements, creating or permitting certain liens, engaging in transactions with affiliates, making repayments of certain other loans, undergoing fundamental business changes and/or paying dividends or making other restricted payments and investments. various risks, uncertainties and events beyond the debtors' control could affect their ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants. in the event any of these covenants are breached and such breach results in a default under any debt documents, the lenders or noteholders, as applicable, may accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness under the applicable debt documents, which could result in a cross-default under other outstanding debt documents and could have a material adverse impact on the company's business, results of operation and financial condition.
the company could suffer losses due to asset impairment and restructuring charges.
as a result of changes in the company's industry and market conditions, the company has recognized, and may in the future recognize, impairment charges for write-downs of goodwill, intangible assets, investments and other long-lived assets, as well as restructuring charges relating to the reorganization of its businesses, which negatively impact the company's results of operations and, in the case of cash restructuring charges, its financial condition. impairments and restructuring charges may also negatively impact the company's taxes, including its ability to realize its deferred tax assets and deduct certain interest costs. the company's management must regularly evaluate the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to the company's cash flows in order to determine whether, based on projected discounted future cash flows and other market assumptions, the carrying value for such assets exceeds current fair value and the company should recognize an impairment. in accordance with gaap, the company performs an annual impairment assessment of its recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. the company also continually evaluates whether current factors or indicators, such as prevailing conditions in the business environment, credit and capital markets or the economy generally and actual or projected operating results, require the performance of an interim impairment assessment of those assets, as well as other investments and long-lived assets, or require the company to engage in any additional business restructurings to address these conditions. for example, any significant shortfall, now or in the future, in advertising revenue or subscribers, the expected popularity of the content for which the company has acquired rights and/or consumer acceptance of its products could lead to a downward revision in the fair value of certain reporting units. any downward revisions in the fair value of a reporting unit, indefinite-lived intangible assets, investments or other long-lived assets could result in additional impairments for which non-cash charges would be required, and any such charge could be material to the company's reported results of operations. the company may also incur additional restructuring charges in the future if it is required to further realign its resources in response to significant shortfalls in revenue or other adverse trends.
the company could be subject to significant additional tax liabilities, which could adversely affect its operating results and financial condition.
the company is subject to taxation in u.s. federal, state and local jurisdictions and various non-u.s. jurisdictions, including australia and the u.k. the company's effective tax rate is impacted by the tax laws, regulations, practices and interpretations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may fluctuate significantly from period to period depending on, among other things, the geographic mix of the company's profits and losses, changes in tax laws and regulations or their application and interpretation, the outcome of tax audits and changes in valuation allowances associated with the company's deferred tax assets. new proposals at the u.s. federal level to increase the u.s. corporate tax rate and minimum taxes on non-u.s. income could, if enacted, have an adverse impact on the company's future tax rate and increase its tax provision. the company may be required to record additional valuation allowances if, among other things, adverse economic conditions negatively impact the company's ability to realize its deferred tax assets. evaluating and estimating the company's tax provision, current and deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax accruals requires significant management judgment, and there are often transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
the company's tax returns are routinely audited by various tax authorities. tax authorities may not agree with the treatment of items reported in the company's tax returns or positions taken by the company, and as a result, tax-related settlements or litigation may occur, resulting in additional income tax liabilities against the company. although the company believes it has appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of tax reviews and examinations and any related litigation, the final outcomes of these matters could differ materially from the amounts recorded in the financial statements. as a result, the company may be required to recognize additional charges in its statements of operations and pay significant additional amounts with respect to current or prior periods, or its taxes in the future could increase, which could adversely affect its operating results and financial condition.
the organization for economic cooperation and development (oecd) continues to develop a framework of globally coordinated reforms to address the tax challenges arising from globalization and the digitalization of the economy, including expanded taxing rights for countries and the adoption of a global minimum taxation regime. the scope and application of the framework continues to evolve, and its outcome may alter aspects of how the company's tax obligations are determined in countries in which it does business. several jurisdictions have separately enacted new digital services taxes which have had limited impact on the company's overall tax obligations, however, the company continues to monitor proposals as they are introduced. if new taxes on digital services are imposed on the company, it could have an adverse impact on its business and financial performance.
risks related to legal and regulatory matters adverse results from litigation or other proceedings could impact the company's business practices and operating results.
from time to time, the company is party to litigation, as well as to regulatory and other proceedings with governmental authorities and administrative agencies, including with respect to antitrust, tax, data privacy and security, intellectual property, employment and other matters. see note 16 to the financial statements for a discussion of certain matters. the outcome of these matters and other litigation and proceedings is subject to significant uncertainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in reputational harm and/or significant monetary damages, injunctive relief or settlement costs that could adversely affect the company's results of operations or financial condition as well as the company's ability to conduct its business as it is presently being conducted. in addition, regardless of merit or outcome, such proceedings can have an adverse impact on the company as a result of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel and other factors.
the company's business could be adversely impacted by changes in law, governmental policy and regulation.
various aspects of the company's activities are subject to regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world, and the introduction of new laws and regulations in countries where the company's products and services are produced or distributed, and changes in the enforcement of existing laws and regulations in those countries, could have a negative impact on its interests. for example, the company's australian operating businesses may be adversely affected by changes in government policy, regulation or legislation, or the application or enforcement thereof, applying to companies in the australian media industry or to australian companies in general. see "governmental regulation-australian media regulation" for more information. in addition, the company's newspaper publishing businesses in the u.k. are subject to greater regulation and oversight as a result of the implementation of recommendations of the leveson inquiry into the u.k. press, and the company's radio stations in the u.k. and ireland are subject to governmental regulation by the relevant broadcast authorities. see "governmental regulation-u.k. press regulation" and "-u.k. radio broadcasting regulation," respectively, for more information. laws and regulations may vary between local, state, federal and international jurisdictions, and the enforcement of those laws and regulations may be inconsistent and unpredictable. the company may incur substantial costs or be required to change its business practices in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations and could incur substantial penalties or other liabilities in the event of any failure to comply.
risks related to intellectual property theft of the company's content, including digital piracy and signal theft, may decrease revenue and adversely affect the company's business and profitability.
the company's success depends in part on its ability to maintain and monetize the intellectual property rights in its content, and theft of its brands, programming, digital content, books and other copyrighted material affects the value of its content. developments in technology, including the wide availability of higher internet bandwidth and reduced storage costs, increase the threat of content piracy by making it easier to stream, duplicate and widely distribute pirated material, including from other less-regulated countries into the company's primary markets. the company seeks to limit the threat of content piracy by, among other means, preventing unauthorized access to its content through the use of programming content encryption, signal encryption and other security access devices and digital rights management software, as well as by obtaining site blocking orders against pirate streaming and torrent sites and a variety of other actions. however, these efforts may be costly and are not always successful, particularly as infringers continue to develop tools that undermine security features and enable them to disguise their identities online. the proliferation of unauthorized use of the company's content undermines lawful distribution channels and reduces the revenue that the company could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of its content. protection of the company's intellectual property rights is dependent on the scope and duration of its rights as defined by applicable laws in the u.s. and abroad, and if those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of the company's rights, or if existing laws are changed or not effectively enforced, the company's ability to generate revenue from its intellectual property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. in addition, the failure of legal and technological protections to evolve as piracy and associated technological tools become more sophisticated could make it more difficult for the company to adequately protect its intellectual property, which could, in turn, negatively impact its value and further increase the company's enforcement costs.
failure by the company to protect certain intellectual property and brands, or infringement claims by third parties, could adversely impact the company's business, results of operation and financial condition.
the company's businesses rely on a combination of trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade secrets and other proprietary rights, as well as licenses, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements, to establish, obtain and protect the intellectual property and brand names used in their businesses. the company believes its proprietary trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are important to its continued success and its competitive position. however, the company cannot ensure that these intellectual property rights or those of its licensors (including licenses relating to sports programming rights, set-top box technology and related systems, the nar license and the fox licenses) and suppliers will be enforced or upheld if challenged or that these rights will protect the company against infringement claims by third parties, and effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country or region in which the company operates or where its products and services are available. efforts to protect and enforce the company's intellectual property rights may be costly, and any failure by the company or its licensors and suppliers to effectively protect and enforce its or their intellectual property or brands, or any infringement claims by third parties, could adversely impact the company's business, results of operations or financial condition. claims of intellectual property infringement could require the company to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms (if such agreements are available at all), require the company to spend substantial sums to defend against or settle such claims or to satisfy any judgment rendered against it, or cease any further use of the applicable intellectual property, which could in turn require the company to change its business practices or offerings and limit its ability to compete effectively. even if the company believes any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management's attention and resources away from its business. in addition, the company may be contractually required to indemnify other parties against liabilities arising out of any third party infringement claims.
risks related to the company's common stock the market price of the company's stock may fluctuate significantly.
the company cannot predict the prices at which its common stock may trade. the market price of the company's common stock may fluctuate significantly, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond its control, including: (1) the company's quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in its industry; (2) actual or anticipated fluctuations in the company's operating results; (3) success or failure of the company's business strategy; (4) the company's ability to obtain financing as needed; (5) changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; (6) changes in laws and regulations affecting the company's business; (7) announcements by the company or its competitors of significant new business developments or the addition or loss of significant customers; (8) announcements by the company or its competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; (9) changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or the company's ability to meet its earnings guidance, if any; (10) the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; (11) investor perception of the company and the industries in which it operates; (12) results from material litigation or governmental investigations; (13) changes in capital gains taxes and taxes on dividends affecting stockholders; (14) overall market fluctuations and general economic conditions; and (15) changes in the amounts and frequency of dividends or share repurchases, if any.
certain of the company's directors and officers may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their equity ownership in fox corporation ("fox") and/or because they also serve as officers and/or on the board of directors of fox, which may result in the diversion of certain corporate opportunities to fox.
certain of the company's directors and executive officers own shares of fox's common stock, and the individual holdings may be significant for some of these individuals compared to their total assets. in addition, certain of the company's officers and directors also serve as officers and/or as directors of fox, including k. rupert murdoch, who serves as the company's executive chairman and chairman of fox, and lachlan k. murdoch, who serves as the company's co-chairman and executive chairman and chief executive officer of fox. this ownership or service to both companies may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when these directors and officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for the company and fox. for example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute that may arise between the company and fox regarding the terms of the agreements governing the indemnification of certain matters. in addition to any other arrangements that the company and fox may agree to implement, the company and fox agreed that officers and directors who serve at both companies will recuse themselves from decisions where conflicts arise due to their positions at both companies.
the company's amended and restated by-laws acknowledge that the company's directors and officers, as well as certain of its stockholders, including k. rupert murdoch, certain members of his family and certain family trusts (so long as such persons continue to own, in the aggregate, 10% or more of the voting stock of each of the company and fox), each of which is referred to as a covered stockholder, are or may become stockholders, directors, officers, employees or agents of fox and certain of its affiliates. the company's amended and restated by-laws further provide that any such overlapping person will not be liable to the company, or to any of its stockholders, for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise exist because such individual directs a corporate opportunity (other than certain types of restricted business opportunities set forth in the company's amended and restated by-laws) to fox instead of the company. this could result in an overlapping person submitting any corporate opportunities other than restricted business opportunities to fox instead of the company.
certain provisions of the company's restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws, the company's fourth amended and restated stockholder rights agreement and the ownership of the company's common stock by the murdoch family trust may discourage takeovers, and the concentration of ownership will affect the voting results of matters submitted for stockholder approval.
the company's restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws contain certain anti-takeover provisions that may make more difficult or expensive a tender offer, change in control, or takeover attempt that is opposed by the company's board of directors or certain stockholders holding a significant percentage of the voting power of the company's outstanding voting stock. in particular, the company's restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws provide for, among other things:
a dual class common equity capital structure;
a prohibition on stockholders taking any action by written consent without a meeting;
special stockholders' meeting to be called only by the board of directors, the chairman or a vice or deputy chairman of the board of directors, or the holders of not less than 20% of the voting power of the company's outstanding voting stock;
the requirement that stockholders give the company advance notice to nominate candidates for election to the board of directors or to make stockholder proposals at a stockholders' meeting;
the requirement of an affirmative vote of at least 65% of the voting power of the company's outstanding voting stock to amend or repeal its by-laws;
vacancies on the board of directors to be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office;
certain restrictions on the transfer of the company's shares; and
the board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock and series common stock with such terms as the board of directors may determine.
these provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control of the company, even in the case where a majority of the stockholders may consider such proposals, if effective, desirable.
in addition, in connection with the separation, the company's board of directors adopted a stockholder rights agreement, which it extended in june 2014, june 2015, june 2018 and again in june 2021. pursuant to the fourth amended and restated stockholder rights agreement, each outstanding share of the company's common stock has attached to it a right entitling its holder to purchase from the company additional shares of its class a common stock and class b common stock in the event that a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the then-outstanding class b common stock without approval of the company's board of directors, subject to exceptions for persons beneficially owning 15% or more of the company's class b common stock immediately following the separation. the stockholder rights agreement could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire the company's voting common stock without the approval of its board of directors. the rights expire on june 18, 2022, except as otherwise provided in the rights agreement. further, as a result of his ability to appoint certain members of the board of directors of the corporate trustee of the murdoch family trust, which beneficially owns less than one percent of the company's outstanding class a common stock and approximately 38.4% of the company's class b common stock as of june 30, 2021, k. rupert murdoch may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares beneficially owned by the murdoch family trust. k. rupert murdoch, however, disclaims any beneficial ownership of these shares. also, k. rupert murdoch beneficially owns or may be deemed to beneficially own an additional one percent of the company's class b common stock and less than one percent of the company's class a common stock as of june 30, 2021. thus, k. rupert murdoch may be deemed to beneficially own in the aggregate less than one percent of the company's class a common stock and approximately 39.4% of the company's class b common stock as of june 30, 2021. this concentration of voting power could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition of the company. additionally, the ownership concentration of class b common stock by the murdoch family trust increases the likelihood that proposals submitted for stockholder approval that are supported by the murdoch family trust will be adopted and proposals that the murdoch family trust does not support will not be adopted, whether or not such proposals to stockholders are also supported by the other holders of class b common stock. furthermore, the adoption of the fourth amended and restated stockholder rights agreement will prevent, unless the company's board of directors otherwise determines at the time, other potential stockholders from acquiring a similar ownership position in the company's class b common stock and, accordingly, could prevent a meaningful challenge to the murdoch family trust's influence over matters submitted for stockholder approval.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this discussion and analysis contains statements that constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "exchange act"), and section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended. all statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. the words "expect," "will," "estimate," "anticipate," "predict," "believe" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these statements appear in a number of places in this discussion and analysis and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the company, its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things, trends affecting the company's financial condition or results of operations, the company's strategy and strategic initiatives and the outcome of contingencies such as litigation and investigations. readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. more information regarding these risks and uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is set forth under the heading "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k (the "annual report"). the company does not ordinarily make projections of its future operating results and undertakes no obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation) to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. readers should carefully review this document and the other documents filed by the company with the securities and exchange commission (the "sec"). this section should be read together with the consolidated financial statements of news corporation and related notes set forth elsewhere in this annual report.
the following discussion and analysis omits discussion of fiscal 2019. please see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 for a discussion on fiscal 2019.
introduction news corporation (together with its subsidiaries, "news corporation," "news corp," the "company," "we," or "us") is a global diversified media and information services company comprised of businesses across a range of media, including: digital real estate services, subscription video services in australia, news and information services and book publishing.
the consolidated financial statements are referred to herein as the "consolidated financial statements." the consolidated statements of operations are referred to herein as the "statements of operations." the consolidated balance sheets are referred to herein as the "balance sheets." the consolidated statements of cash flows are referred to herein as the "statements of cash flows." the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america ("gaap").
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to help provide an understanding of the company's financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. this discussion is organized as follows:
overview of the company's businesses-this section provides a general description of the company's businesses, as well as developments that occurred during the two fiscal years ended june 30, 2021 and through the date of this filing that the company believes are important in understanding its results of operations and financial condition or to disclose known trends.
results of operations-this section provides an analysis of the company's results of operations for the two fiscal years ended june 30, 2021. this analysis is presented on both a consolidated basis and a segment basis. supplemental revenue information is also included for reporting units within certain segments and is presented on a gross basis, before eliminations in consolidation. in addition, a brief description is provided of significant transactions and events that impact the comparability of the results being analyzed. the company maintains a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the sunday closest to june 30 in each year. fiscal 2021 and 2020 each included 52 weeks.
liquidity and capital resources-this section provides an analysis of the company's cash flows for the two fiscal years ended june 30, 2021, as well as a discussion of the company's financial arrangements and outstanding commitments, both firm and contingent, that existed as of june 30, 2021.
critical accounting policies-this section discusses accounting policies considered important to the company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in application. in addition, note 2 to the consolidated financial statements summarizes the company's significant accounting policies, including the critical accounting policies discussed in this section.
overview of the company's businesses the company manages and reports its businesses in the following six segments:
digital real estate services-the digital real estate services segment consists of the company's 61.4% interest in rea group and 80% interest in move. the remaining 20% interest in move is held by rea group. rea group is a market-leading digital media business specializing in property and is listed on the australian securities exchange ("asx") (asx: rea). rea group advertises property and property-related services on its websites and mobile apps, including australia's leading residential, commercial and share property websites, realestate.com.au, realcommercial.com.au and flatmates.com.au, and property portals in india and east asia. in addition, rea group provides property-related data to the financial sector and financial services through an end-to-end digital property search and financing experience and a mortgage broking offering.
move is a leading provider of digital real estate services in the u.s. and primarily operates realtor.com速, a premier real estate information, advertising and services platform. move offers real estate advertising solutions to agents and brokers, including its connectionssm plus and advantagesm pro products as well as its referral-based services. move also offers online tools and services to do-it-yourself landlords and tenants, as well as professional software and services products.
subscription video services-the company's subscription video services segment provides sports, entertainment and news services to pay-tv and streaming subscribers and other commercial licensees, primarily via cable, satellite and internet distribution, and consists of (i) the company's 65% interest in the foxtel group (with the remaining 35% interest held by telstra, an asx-listed telecommunications company) and (ii) australian news channel ("anc"). the foxtel group is the largest australian-based subscription television provider, with nearly 200 channels covering sports, general entertainment, movies, documentaries, music, children's programming and news. foxtel and the kayo sports streaming service offer the leading sports programming content in australia, with broadcast rights to live sporting events including: national rugby league, australian football league, cricket australia and various motorsports programming. the foxtel group also operates binge, its on-demand entertainment streaming service, and foxtel now, a streaming service that provides access across foxtel's live and on-demand content.
anc operates the sky news network, australia's 24-hour multi-channel, multi-platform news service. anc channels are distributed throughout australia and new zealand and available on foxtel and sky network television nz. anc also owns and operates the international australia channel iptv service and offers content across a variety of digital media platforms, including web, mobile and third party providers.
dow jones-the dow jones segment consists of dow jones, a global provider of news and business information, which distributes its content and data through a variety of media channels including newspapers, newswires, websites, applications, or apps, for mobile devices, tablets and e-book readers, newsletters, magazines, proprietary databases, live journalism, video and podcasts. the dow jones segment's products, which target individual consumers and enterprise customers, include the wall street journal, factiva, dow jones risk & compliance, dow jones newswires, barron's, marketwatch and investor's business daily.
book publishing-the book publishing segment consists of harpercollins, the second largest consumer book publisher in the world, with operations in 17 countries and particular strengths in general fiction, nonfiction, children's and religious publishing. harpercollins owns more than 120 branded publishing imprints, including harper, william morrow, harpercollins children's books, avon, harlequin and christian publishers zondervan and thomas nelson, and publishes works by well-known authors such as harper lee, george orwell, agatha christie and zora neale hurston, as well as global author brands including j.r.r. tolkien, c.s. lewis, daniel silva, karin slaughter and dr. martin luther king, jr. it is also home to many beloved children's books and authors and a significant christian publishing business.
news media-the news media segment consists primarily of news corp australia, news uk and the new york post and includes, among other publications, the australian, the daily telegraph, herald sun, the courier mail and the advertiser in australia and the times, the sunday times, the sun and the sun on sunday in the u.k. this segment also includes wireless group, operator of talksport, the leading sports radio network in the u.k., and storyful, a social media content agency. the segment included news america marketing until the completion of the sale of the business on may 5, 2020.
other-the other segment consists primarily of general corporate overhead expenses, costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters (as defined in note 16-commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements) and transformation costs associated with the company's ongoing cost reduction initiatives.
digital real estate services the digital real estate services segment generates revenue through property and property-related advertising and services, including: the sale of real estate listing and lead generation products and referral-based services to agents, brokers and developers; real estate-related and property rental-related services; display advertising on residential real estate and commercial property sites; and residential property data services to the financial sector. the digital real estate services segment also generates revenue through licenses of certain professional software products on a subscription basis and fees and commissions from referrals generated through its end-to-end digital property search and financing offering and mortgage broking services. significant expenses associated with these sites, services and software solutions include development costs, advertising and promotional expenses, hosting and support services, salaries, broker commissions, employee benefits and other routine overhead expenses.
consumers overwhelmingly turn to the internet and mobile devices for real estate information and services. the digital real estate services segment's success depends on its continued innovation to provide products and services that are useful for consumers and real estate, mortgage and financial services professionals and attractive to its advertisers. the digital real estate services segment operates in a highly competitive digital environment with other operators of real estate and property websites and mobile apps.
subscription video services the company's subscription video services segment consists of (i) its 65% interest in the foxtel group and (ii) anc. the foxtel group is the largest australian-based subscription television provider through its foxtel pay-tv and kayo sports, binge and foxtel now streaming services. the foxtel group generates revenue primarily through subscription revenue as well as advertising revenue.
the foxtel group competes for audiences primarily with a variety of other video content providers, such as traditional free-to-air ("fta") tv operators in australia, including the three major commercial fta networks and two major government-funded fta broadcasters, and content providers that deliver video programming over the internet. these providers include, internet protocol television, or iptv, subscription video-on-demand and broadcast video-on-demand providers; streaming services offered through digital media providers; as well as programmers and distributors that provide content directly to consumers over the internet.
anc operates the sky news network, australia's 24-hour multi-channel, multi-platform news service, and also owns and operates the australia channel iptv service for international markets. revenue is primarily derived from monthly affiliate fees received from pay-tv providers based on the number of subscribers and advertising.
the most significant operating expenses of the subscription video services segment are the acquisition and production expenses related to programming, the expenses related to operating the technical facilities of the broadcast operations, expenses related to cable, satellite, internet and broadband transmission costs and studio and engineering expense. the expenses associated with licensing certain sports programming rights are recognized during the applicable season or event, which can cause results at the subscription video services segment to fluctuate based on the timing and mix of the foxtel group's local and international sports programming. sports programming rights costs associated with a dedicated channel are amortized over 12 months. other expenses include subscriber acquisition costs such as sales costs and marketing and promotional expenses related to improving the market visibility and awareness of the channels and their programming. additional expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead expenses.
dow jones the dow jones segment's products target individual consumers and enterprise customers. revenue from the dow jones segment's consumer business is derived primarily from circulation, which includes subscription and single-copy sales of its digital and print consumer products, the sale of digital and print advertising, licensing fees for its print and digital consumer content and participation fees for its live journalism events. circulation revenues are dependent on the content of the dow jones segment's consumer products, prices of its and/or competitors' products, as well as promotional activities and news cycles. advertising revenue is dependent on a number of factors, including demand for the dow jones segment's consumer products, general economic and business conditions, demographics of the customer base, advertising rates and effectiveness and brand strength and reputation. advertising revenues are also subject to seasonality, with revenues typically highest in the company's second fiscal quarter due to the end-of-year holiday season. in addition, the traditional consumer print business faces challenges from alternative media formats and shifting consumer preferences, which have adversely affected, and are expected to continue to adversely affect, both print circulation and advertising revenues. advertising, in particular, has been impacted by long-term structural movements in advertising spending from print to digital. the increasing range of advertising choices and formats has resulted in audience fragmentation and increased competition. technologies and policies have also been and will continue to be developed and implemented that may make it more difficult to target and measure the effectiveness of digital advertising or allow users to block advertising on websites and mobile devices, which may impact digital advertising rates or revenues. as a multi-platform news provider, the dow jones segment recognizes the importance of maximizing revenues from a variety of media formats and platforms, both in terms of paid-for content and in new advertising models, and continues to invest in its digital and other products, which represent an increasingly larger share of revenues at its consumer business. mobile devices, their related apps and other technologies, provide continued opportunities for the dow jones segment to make its content available to a new audience of readers, introduce new or different pricing schemes and develop its products to continue to attract advertisers and/or affect the relationship between content providers and consumers. the dow jones segment continues to develop and implement strategies to exploit its content across a variety of media channels and platforms, including leveraging its content through licensing arrangements with third-party distribution platforms and growing its live journalism events business, which has been affected in recent periods by uncertainty, cancellations and postponements caused by the novel coronavirus ("covid-19") pandemic and new revenue models for virtual events.
operating expenses for the consumer business include costs related to paper, production, distribution, third party printing, editorial and commissions. selling, general and administrative expenses include promotional expenses, salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overheads. the costs associated with printing and distributing newspapers, including paper prices and delivery costs, are key operating expenses whose fluctuations can have a material effect on the results of the dow jones segment's consumer business. the consumer business is affected by the cyclical increases and decreases in the price of paper and other factors that may affect paper prices, including tariffs or other restrictions on non-u.s. paper suppliers. in addition, the dow jones segment relies on third parties for much of the printing and distribution of its print products. long-term structural movements from print to digital and the more immediate, as well as longer term, economic impacts of covid-19 present challenges to the financial and operational stability of these third parties which could, in turn, increase the cost of printing and distributing the company's newspapers.
the dow jones segment's consumer products compete for consumers, audience and advertising with other local and national newspapers, web and app-based media, magazines, investment tools, social media sources and podcasts, as well as other media such as television, radio stations and outdoor displays. as a result of rapidly changing and evolving technologies, distribution platforms and business models, and corresponding changes in consumer behavior, the consumer business continues to face increasing competition for both circulation and advertising revenue, including from a variety of alternative news and information sources. these include both paid and free websites, digital apps, news aggregators, blogs, podcasts, search engines, social media networks, programmatic advertising buying channels, as well as other emerging media and distribution platforms, including off-platform distribution of its products.
the dow jones segment's professional information business, which targets enterprise customers, derives revenue primarily from subscriptions to its professional information products. the professional information business serves enterprise customers with products that combine news and information with technology and tools that inform decisions and aid awareness, research and understanding. the success of the professional information business depends on its ability to provide products, services, applications and functionalities that meet the needs of its enterprise customers, who operate in information-intensive and oftentimes highly regulated industries such as finance and insurance. the professional information business must also anticipate and respond to industry trends and regulatory and technological changes.
significant expenses for the professional information business include development costs, sales and marketing expenses, hosting and support services, royalties, salaries, consulting and professional fees, sales commissions, employee benefits and other routine overhead expenses.
the dow jones segment's professional information products compete with various information service providers, compliance data providers and global financial newswires, including reuters news, lexisnexis and refinitiv, as well as many other providers of news, information and compliance data.
book publishing the book publishing segment derives revenues from the sale of general fiction, nonfiction, children's and religious books in the u.s. and internationally. the revenues and operating results of the book publishing segment are significantly affected by the timing of releases and the number of its books in the marketplace. the book publishing marketplace is subject to increased periods of demand during the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. this marketplace is highly competitive and continues to change due to technological developments, including additional digital platforms, such as e-books and downloadable audiobooks, and distribution channels and other factors. each book is a separate and distinct product and its financial success depends upon many factors, including public acceptance.
major new title releases represent a significant portion of the book publishing segment's sales throughout the fiscal year. print-based consumer books are generally sold on a fully returnable basis, resulting in the return of unsold books. in the domestic and international markets, the book publishing segment is subject to global trends and local economic conditions. operating expenses for the book publishing segment include costs related to paper, printing, authors' royalties, editorial, promotional, art and design expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead.
news media revenue at the news media segment is derived primarily from the sale of advertising, circulation and subscriptions, as well as licensing. adverse changes in general market conditions for advertising, including as a result of covid-19, continue to affect revenues. advertising revenues at the news media segment are also subject to seasonality, with revenues typically being highest in the company's second fiscal quarter due to the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. circulation and subscription revenues can be greatly affected by changes in the prices of the company's and/or competitors' products, as well as by promotional activities and news cycles.
operating expenses include costs related to paper, production, distribution, third party printing, editorial, commissions, technology and radio sports rights. selling, general and administrative expenses include promotional expenses, salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead.
the cost of paper is a key operating expense whose fluctuations can have a material effect on the results of the segment. the news media segment continues to be exposed to risks associated with paper used for printing. paper is a basic commodity and its price is sensitive to the balance of supply and demand. the news media segment's expenses are affected by the cyclical increases and decreases in the price of paper and other factors that may affect paper prices, including tariffs. the news media segment's products compete for readership, audience and advertising with local and national competitors and also compete with other media alternatives in their respective markets. competition for circulation and subscriptions is based on the content of the products provided, pricing and, from time to time, various promotions. the success of these products also depends upon advertisers' judgments as to the most effective use of their advertising budgets. competition for advertising is based upon the reach of the products, advertising rates and advertiser results. such judgments are based on factors such as cost, availability of alternative media, distribution and quality of consumer demographics.
the news media segment's traditional print business faces challenges from alternative media formats and shifting consumer preferences. the news media segment is also exposed to the impact of long-term structural movements in advertising spending, in particular, the move from print to digital. these alternative media formats could impact the segment's overall performance, positively or negatively. in addition, technologies and policies have been and will continue to be developed and implemented that may make it more difficult to target and measure the effectiveness of digital advertising or allow users to block advertising on websites and mobile devices, which may impact digital advertising rates or revenues.
as multi-platform news providers, the businesses within the news media segment recognize the importance of maximizing revenues from a variety of media formats and platforms, both in terms of paid-for content and in new advertising models, and continue to invest in their digital products. mobile devices, their related apps and other technologies, provide continued opportunities for the businesses within the news media segment to make their content available to a new audience of readers, introduce new or different pricing schemes and develop their products to continue to attract advertisers and/or affect the relationship between content providers and consumers. the businesses within the news media segment continue to develop and implement strategies to exploit their content across a variety of media channels and platforms.
other the other segment primarily consists of general corporate overhead expenses, costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters and transformation costs associated with the company's ongoing cost reduction initiatives.
other business developments fiscal 2021
rea group sale of malaysia and thailand businesses in august 2021, rea group acquired an 18% interest (16.6% on a diluted basis) in propertyguru pte. ltd. ("propertyguru"), a leading digital property technology company operating marketplaces in southeast asia, in exchange for all shares of rea group's entities in malaysia and thailand. the transaction was completed after rea group entered into an agreement to sell its 27% interest in its existing venture with 99.co. the transaction will create a leading digital real estate services company in southeast asia and create new opportunities for collaboration and access to a deeper pool of expertise, technology and investment in the region. rea group received one seat on the board of directors of propertyguru as part of the transaction.
agreement to acquire opis in july 2021, the company entered into an agreement to acquire the oil price information service business and related assets ("opis") from s&p global inc. ("s&p") and ihs markit ltd. ("ihs") for $1.15 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. opis is a global industry standard for benchmark and reference pricing and news and analytics for the oil, natural gas liquids and biofuels industries. the business also provides pricing and news and analytics for the coal, mining and metals end markets and insights and analytics in renewables and carbon pricing. the acquisition will enable dow jones to become a leading provider of energy and renewables information and further its goal of building the leading global business news and information platform for professionals. opis will be operated by dow jones, and its results will be included in the dow jones segment. the acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and the consummation of the s&p and ihs merger, and is expected to close in the second quarter of fiscal 2022.
acquisition of mortgage choice in june 2021, rea group acquired mortgage choice limited ("mortgage choice") for approximately a$244 million in cash (approximately $183 million based on exchange rates as of the closing date), funded by an increase in rea group's debt facilities. control was transferred and the acquisition became effective and binding on mortgage choice shareholders on june 18, 2021 upon court approval. mortgage choice is a leading australian mortgage broking business, and the acquisition complements rea group's existing smartline broker footprint and accelerates rea group's financial services strategy to establish a leading mortgage broking business with national scale. mortgage choice is a subsidiary of rea group and its results are included in the digital real estate services segment.
acquisition of hmh books & media in may 2021, the company acquired the books & media segment of houghton mifflin harcourt ("hmh books & media") for $349 million in cash. hmh books & media publishes renowned and awarded children's, young adult, fiction, non-fiction, culinary and reference titles. the acquisition adds an extensive and successful backlist, a strong frontlist in the lifestyle and children's segments and a productions business that provides opportunities to expand harpercollins's intellectual property across different formats. hmh books & media is a subsidiary of harpercollins and its results are included in the book publishing segment.
acquisition of investor's business daily in may 2021, the company acquired investor's business daily ("ibd") for $275 million in cash. ibd is a digital-first financial news and research business with unique investing content, analytical products and educational resources, including the investors.com website. the acquisition expands dow jones's offerings with the addition of proprietary data and tools to help professional and retail investors identify top-performing stocks. ibd is operated by dow jones, and its results are included within the dow jones segment.
senior notes offering in april 2021, the company issued $1 billion of senior notes due 2029 (the "2021 senior notes"). the 2021 senior notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.875% per annum, payable in cash semi-annually on may 15 and november 15 of each year, commencing november 15, 2021. the notes will mature on may 15, 2029. the company is using the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include acquisitions and working capital.
google partnership in february 2021, the company entered into a multi-year partnership with google to provide content from its news sites around the world. the three-year agreement also includes the development of a subscription platform, the sharing of advertising revenue via google's advertising technology services, the cultivation of audio journalism and meaningful investments in video journalism by youtube.
elara in december 2020, the company acquired a controlling interest in elara technologies pte. ltd. ("elara") through a subscription for newly-issued preference shares and the buyout of certain minority shareholders. the total aggregate purchase price associated with the acquisition at the completion date is $138 million which primarily consists of $69 million of cash, the fair value of noncontrolling interests of $37 million and the fair value of the company's previously held equity interest in elara of $22 million. as a result of the transactions, rea group's shareholding in elara increased from 13.5% to 59.7%, while news corporation's shareholding increased from 22.1% to 39.0%. during the three months ended march 31, 2021, rea group acquired an additional 0.8% interest in elara. rea group and news corporation now hold all elara board seats, and the company began consolidating elara in december 2020. the acquisition of elara allows rea group to be at the forefront of long-term growth opportunities within india and the digitization of the real estate sector. elara is a subsidiary of rea group, and its results are included within the digital real estate services segment. as a result of the transactions, the company's ownership in rea group was diluted by 0.2% to 61.4%. subsequent to june 30, 2021, rea group provided additional funding to elara in exchange for further equity which increased rea group's ownership interest to 65.5% and diluted news corporation's interest to 34.3%.
avail in december 2020, the company acquired rentalutions, inc. ("avail") for initial cash consideration of approximately $36 million, net of $4 million of cash acquired, and up to $8 million in future cash consideration based upon the achievement of certain performance objectives over the next three years. avail is a platform that improves the renting experience for do-it-yourself landlords and tenants with online tools, educational content and world-class support. the acquisition helps realtor.com速 further expand into the rental space, extend its support for landlords, augment current rental listing content, grow its audience and build brand affinity and long-term relationships with renters. avail is a subsidiary of move, and its results are included within the digital real estate services segment.
regional and community newspapers in australia during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the company decommissioned the print operations for its regional and community newspapers in australia. these initiatives resulted in a revenue decrease at news corp australia of approximately $111 million and had an immaterial impact on segment ebitda during fiscal 2021.
fiscal 2020
sale of news america marketing on may 5, 2020, the company sold its news america marketing business, a reporting unit within its news media segment (the "disposition"). the aggregate purchase price for the disposition consists of (a) up to approximately $235 million, comprised of (i) $50 million in cash at closing, subject to working capital and other adjustments, less cash reinvested to acquire a 5% equity interest in the business at closing, and (ii) additional deferred cash payments payable on or before the fifth anniversary of closing in an aggregate amount of between $125 million and approximately $185 million, depending on the timing of such payments, and (b) a warrant to purchase up to an additional 10% equity interest in the business, which the company exercised in fiscal 2021. in the disposition, the company retained certain liabilities relating to news america marketing, including those arising from its legal proceedings with valassis communications, inc. and insignia systems, inc. see note 16-commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
sale of unruly in january 2020, the company sold unruly to tremor international ltd ("tremor") for approximately 7% of tremor's outstanding shares. the company agreed not to sell the tremor shares for a period of 18 months after closing. at closing, the company and tremor entered into a three year commercial arrangement which granted tremor the exclusive right to sell outstream video advertising on all of the company's digital properties in exchange for a total minimum revenue guarantee for news corp of 贈30 million.
see note 4-acquisitions, disposals and other transactions in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the acquisitions and dispositions discussed above.
results of operations-fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020
the following table sets forth the company's operating results for fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2021                                                                                                           2020                       change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                                                      better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                                               $4,206                        $3,857                        $349                          9    %
advertising                                                                 1,594                         2,193                       (599)                       (27)    %
consumer                                                                    1,908                         1,593                         315                         20    %
real estate                                                                 1,153                           862                         291                         34    %
other                                                                         497                           503                         (6)                        (1)    %
total revenues                                                              9,358                         9,008                         350                          4    %
operating expenses                                                        (4,831)                       (5,000)                         169                          3    %
selling, general and administrative                                       (3,254)                       (2,995)                       (259)                        (9)    %
depreciation and amortization                                               (680)                         (644)                        (36)                        (6)    %
impairment and restructuring charges                                        (168)                       (1,830)                       1,662                         91    %
equity losses of affiliates                                                  (65)                          (47)                        (18)                       (38)    %
interest expense, net                                                        (53)                          (25)                        (28)                              **
other, net                                                                    143                             9                         134                              **
income (loss) before income tax expense                                       450                       (1,524)                       1,974                              **
income tax expense                                                           (61)                          (21)                        (40)                              **
net income (loss)                                                             389                       (1,545)                       1,934                              **
less: net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests             (59)                           276                       (335)                              **
net income (loss) attributable to news corporation stockholders              $330                      $(1,269)                      $1,599                              **
________________________
**    not meaningful revenues-revenues increased $350 million, or 4%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily driven by the $328 million increase at the digital real estate services segment primarily due to higher real estate revenues, the $319 million increase at the book publishing segment primarily due to higher book sales across categories, the $188 million increase at the subscription video services segment which was due to the positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the $112 million increase at the dow jones segment primarily driven by higher circulation and subscription revenues. the increases were partially offset by the $596 million decline at the news media segment, primarily driven by the $649 million impact from the sale of news america marketing in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020.
the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue increase of $513 million, or 6%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020. the company calculates the impact of foreign currency fluctuations for businesses reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar by multiplying the results for each quarter in the current period by the difference between the average exchange rate for that quarter and the average exchange rate in effect during the corresponding quarter of the prior year and totaling the impact for all quarters in the current period.
operating expenses-operating expenses decreased $169 million, or 3%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020. the decrease was largely due to lower operating expenses at the news media segment of $476 million, primarily due to the sale of news america marketing, cost savings initiatives and lower newsprint, production and distribution costs, partially offset by the $87 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the absence of the $22 million one-time benefit from the settlement of certain warranty-related claims in the u.k. in fiscal 2020. the decrease at the news media segment was partially offset by increases of $167 million at the book publishing segment driven by increased revenue and $114 million at the subscription video services segment, primarily due to the $139 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in an operating expense increase of $250 million, or 5%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020.
selling, general and administrative-selling, general and administrative increased $259 million, or 9%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020. the increase in selling, general and administrative for the fiscal year ended june 30,
2021 was primarily due to increased expenses of $149 million at the digital real estate services segment, driven by the $40 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and higher employee and marketing costs, as well as a $128 million increase at the other segment driven primarily by higher employee costs largely related to stock price and company performance, which were negatively impacted by covid-19 in the prior year, one-time legal settlement costs and investment spending as the company ramps up its global cost reduction initiatives. the increase was partially offset by lower expenses of $119 million at the news media segment driven by the sale of news america marketing and ongoing cost savings initiatives, partially offset by the $74 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a selling, general and administrative increase of $177 million, or 6%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020.
depreciation and amortization-depreciation and amortization expense increased $36 million, or 6%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a depreciation and amortization expense increase of $46 million, or 8%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020.
impairment and restructuring charges-during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021 and 2020, the company recorded restructuring charges of $168 million and $140 million, respectively, of which $122 million and $84 million, respectively, related to the news media segment. the increase in restructuring charges was primarily as a result of exit costs associated with the anticipated closure of the company's bronx print plant, the termination of a third-party printing contract and the company's global cost reduction initiatives.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, the company recognized non-cash impairment charges of $1,690 million, primarily due to a $931 million write-down of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets at its foxtel reporting unit in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, $410 million of write-downs related to news america marketing, including $175 million related to its reclassification to assets held for sale in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, and $292 million in impairments of property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets identified during the company's annual impairment assessment.
see note 5-restructuring programs, note 7-property, plant and equipment and note 8-goodwill and other intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
equity losses of affiliates-equity losses of affiliates increased by $18 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to the $54 million non-cash write-down of the foxtel group's investment in the nickelodeon australia joint venture. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, foxtel and viacomcbs entered into a separate programming rights agreement which will result in the windup of the nickelodeon australia joint venture in the first half of fiscal 2022. see note 6-investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
interest expense, net-interest expense, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 increased $28 million as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to the absence of the impact from the settlement of cash flow hedges related to debt maturities in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and the issuance of the 2021 senior notes in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
other, net-other, net increased $134 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020. see note 21-additional financial information in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
income tax expense-the company's income tax expense and effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 were $61 million and 14%, respectively, as compared to an income tax expense and effective tax rate of $21 million and (1)%, respectively, for fiscal 2020.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 the company recorded income tax expense of $61 million on pre-tax income of $450 million resulting in an effective tax rate that was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the tax rate was impacted by valuation allowances being recorded against tax benefits in certain foreign jurisdictions with operating losses and by the impact of foreign operations which are subject to higher tax rates, offset by a release of valuation allowances on deferred tax assets that are more-likely-than-not to be realized and a remeasurement of deferred taxes in the u.k.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, the company recorded income tax expense of $21 million on a pre-tax loss of $1,524 million resulting in an effective tax rate that was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the tax rate was impacted by the non-cash impairments, which have low or no tax benefit, valuation allowances being recorded against tax benefits in certain foreign jurisdictions with operating losses and by the impact of foreign operations which are subject to higher tax rates.
management assesses available evidence to determine whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit the use of existing deferred tax assets. based on management's assessment of available evidence, it has been determined that it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets in u.s. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions may not be realized and therefore, a valuation allowance has been established against those tax assets.
net income (loss)-net income was $389 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, as compared to a net loss of $1,545 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, an improvement of $1,934 million, primarily driven by the absence of non-cash impairment charges recognized in fiscal 2020, higher total segment ebitda and higher other, net, partially offset by higher tax expense.
net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests-net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $59 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, as compared to a net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests of $276 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, primarily due to the absence of the non-cash impairment charges recognized in fiscal 2020 at the company's foxtel reporting unit.
segment analysis segment ebitda is defined as revenues less operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. segment ebitda does not include: depreciation and amortization, impairment and restructuring charges, equity losses of affiliates, interest (expense) income, net, other, net and income tax (expense) benefit. segment ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies, since companies and investors may differ as to what items should be included in the calculation of segment ebitda.
segment ebitda is the primary measure used by the company's chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources within, the company's businesses. segment ebitda provides management, investors and equity analysts with a measure to analyze the operating performance of each of the company's business segments and its enterprise value against historical data and competitors' data, although historical results may not be indicative of future results (as operating performance is highly contingent on many factors, including customer tastes and preferences).
total segment ebitda is a non-gaap measure and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net income (loss), cash flow and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. in addition, this measure does not reflect cash available to fund requirements and excludes items, such as depreciation and amortization and impairment and restructuring charges, which are significant components in assessing the company's financial performance. the company believes that the presentation of total segment ebitda provides useful information regarding the company's operations and other factors that affect the company's reported results. specifically, the company believes that by excluding certain one-time or non-cash items such as impairment and restructuring charges and depreciation and amortization, as well as potential distortions between periods caused by factors such as financing and capital structures and changes in tax positions or regimes, the company provides users of its consolidated financial statements with insight into both its core operations as well as the factors that affect reported results between periods but which the company believes are not representative of its core business. as a result, users of the company's consolidated financial statements are better able to evaluate changes in the core operating results of the company across different periods.
the following table reconciles net income (loss) to total segment ebitda for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021 and 2020:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2021                                                                                     2020
(in millions)
net income (loss)                                 $389                          $(1,545)
add:
income tax expense                                  61                                21
other, net                                       (143)                               (9)
interest expense, net                               53                                25
equity losses of affiliates                         65                                47
impairment and restructuring charges               168                             1,830
depreciation and amortization                      680                               644
total segment ebitda                            $1,273                            $1,013
the following table sets forth the company's revenues and segment ebitda by reportable segment for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021 and 2020:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2021                                                                                                                                 2020
(in millions)                             revenues                      segment                     revenues                      segment ebitda                                                    ebitda digital real estate services           $1,393                         $514                       $1,065                         $345
subscription video services             2,072                          359                        1,884                          323
dow jones                               1,702                          332                        1,590                          236
book publishing                         1,985                          303                        1,666                          214
news media                              2,205                           52                        2,801                           53
other                                       1                        (287)                            2                        (158)
total                                  $9,358                       $1,273                       $9,008                       $1,013
digital real estate services (15% and 12% of the company's consolidated revenues in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2021                                                                       2020                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                  $25                       $36                     $(11)                       (31)    %
advertising                                   126                        98                        28                         29    %
real estate                                 1,153                       862                       291                         34    %
other                                          89                        69                        20                         29    %
total revenues                              1,393                     1,065                       328                         31    %
operating expenses                          (182)                     (172)                      (10)                        (6)    %
selling, general and administrative         (697)                     (548)                     (149)                       (27)    %
segment ebitda                               $514                      $345                      $169                         49    %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, revenues at the digital real estate services segment increased $328 million, or 31%, as compared to fiscal 2020. revenues at move increased $168 million, or 36%, to $641 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 from $473 million in fiscal 2020, primarily driven by higher real estate revenues due to the factors discussed below and the absence of an estimated $15 million of discounts offered to customers in response to covid-19 during fiscal 2020. the referral model and the traditional lead generation product both benefited from higher lead and transaction volumes. the referral model also benefited from higher average home values and referral fees and generated approximately 29% of total move revenues. the traditional lead generation product saw continued strong demand from agents, driving improvements in sell-through and yield. at rea group, revenues increased $160 million, or 27%, to $752 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 from $592 million in fiscal 2020. the higher revenues were primarily due to the $80 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, an increase in australian residential depth revenue driven by strong national listings and the $l3 million impact from the acquisition of elara.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, segment ebitda at the digital real estate services segment increased $169 million, or 49%, as compared to fiscal 2020. the increase in segment ebitda was primarily driven by the $100 million and $67 million higher contributions from move and rea group, respectively, resulting from the higher revenues discussed above and the $40 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by higher employee costs at both move and rea group, an $18 million increase in marketing costs at move and the $17 million negative impact from the acquisition of elara. fiscal 2021 included approximately $12 million of transaction costs related to current year acquisitions.
43
subscription video services (22% and 21% of the company's consolidated revenues in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2021                                                                           2020                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                    better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                 $1,825                      $1,673                      $152                          9    %
advertising                                     210                         174                        36                         21    %
other                                            37                          37                         -                          -    %
total revenues                                2,072                       1,884                       188                         10    %
operating expenses                          (1,334)                     (1,220)                     (114)                        (9)    %
selling, general and administrative           (379)                       (341)                      (38)                       (11)    %
segment ebitda                                 $359                        $323                       $36                         11    %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, revenues at the subscription video services segment increased $188 million, or 10%, as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to the positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations and $89 million of higher streaming revenues, primarily from kayo and binge, partially offset by lower subscription revenues resulting from fewer residential broadcast subscribers. commercial subscription revenues were largely flat, as the recovery in the commercial sector during the second half of fiscal 2021 largely offset the impact of covid-19 restrictions that began in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. however, ongoing lockdowns within certain states in australia are expected to have a modest negative impact on commercial subscription revenues in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue increase of $217 million, or 12%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, segment ebitda increased $36 million, or 11%, as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to the $36 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations and lower entertainment programming, transmission and employee costs. the increase was partially offset by increased investment in streaming products and $35 million in higher sports programming rights and production costs, primarily driven by the absence of live sports in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 due to covid-19 restrictions which led to the subsequent recognition of $57 million of those deferred costs in fiscal 2021, partially offset by savings from renegotiated sports rights.
the following tables provide information regarding certain key performance indicators for the foxtel group, the primary reporting unit within the subscription video services segment, as of and for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021 and 2020. management believes these metrics provide useful information to allow investors to understand trends in consumer behavior and acceptance of the various services offered by the foxtel group. management utilizes these metrics to track and forecast subscription revenue trends across the business's various linear and streaming products. see "part i. business" for further detail regarding these performance indicators including definitions and methods of calculation.
as of june 30,
2021                                                                                                    2020
(in 000's)
broadcast subscribers residential(a)                                         1,651                                  1,903
commercial(b)                                            234                                     86
streaming subscribers (total (paid))
kayo(c)                                            1,079 (1,054 paid)                         465 (419 paid)
binge(d)                                               827 (733 paid)                           80 (56 paid)
foxtel now(e)                                          228 (219 paid)                         336 (313 paid)
total subscribers (total (paid))                   4,019 (3,891 paid)                     2,870 (2,777 paid)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2021                                                     2020
broadcast arpu(f)                   a$80 (us$60)                           a$78 (us$52)
broadcast subscriber churn(g)       17.3%                                  15.3%
(a)subscribing households throughout australia as of june 30, 2021 and 2020.
(b)commercial subscribers throughout australia as of june 30, 2021 and 2020.
(c)total and paid kayo subscribers as of june 30, 2021 and 2020.
44
(d)total and paid binge subscribers as of june 30, 2021 and 2020. binge was launched on may 25, 2020.
(e)total and paid foxtel now subscribers as of june 30, 2021 and 2020.
(f)average monthly broadcast residential subscription revenue per user (excluding optus) (broadcast arpu) for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021 and 2020.
(g)broadcast residential subscriber churn rate (excluding optus) (broadcast subscriber churn) for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021 and 2020.
dow jones (18% of the company's consolidated revenues in both fiscal 2021 and 2020)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2021                                                                           2020                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                    better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                 $1,296                      $1,191                      $105                          9    %
advertising                                     373                         359                        14                          4    %
other                                            33                          40                       (7)                       (18)    %
total revenues                                1,702                       1,590                       112                          7    %
operating expenses                            (781)                       (765)                      (16)                        (2)    %
selling, general and administrative           (589)                       (589)                         -                          -    %
segment ebitda                                 $332                        $236                       $96                         41    %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, revenues at the dow jones segment increased $112 million, or 7%, as compared to fiscal 2020 driven by an increase in circulation and subscription revenues, higher digital advertising revenues and the $11 million impact from the acquisition of ibd in may 2021, partially offset by declines in print advertising revenues and print circulation revenues. digital revenues at the dow jones segment represented 72% of total revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, as compared to 67% in fiscal 2020. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue increase of $13 million as compared to fiscal 2020.
circulation and subscription revenues for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2021                                                                                    2020               change                         % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                    better/(worse)
circulation and subscription revenues:
circulation and other                                   $817                        $740                   $77                             10    %
professional information business                        479                         451       28                                           6    %
total circulation and subscription revenues           $1,296                      $1,191                   $105                             9    %
circulation and subscription revenues increased $105 million, or 9%, during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020. circulation and other revenues increased $77 million, or 10%, primarily driven by growth in digital-only subscriptions at the wall street journal and barron's and a $12 million increase in content licensing revenues, partially offset by print volume declines. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, average daily digital-only subscriptions at the wall street journal increased 21% to 2.7 million as compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2020, and digital revenues represented 64% of circulation revenue for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to 58% in fiscal 2020. revenues at the professional information business increased $28 million, or 6%, as growth of $36 million in risk & compliance revenues was partially offset by lower revenues from other professional information business products.
the following table summarizes average daily consumer subscriptions during the three months ended june 30, 2021 and 2020 for select publications and for all consumer subscription products.(a)
45
for the three months ended june 30(b),
2021                                                                 2020                     change                   % change
(in thousands, except %)                                                                                         better/(worse)
the wall street journal digital-only subscriptions(c)         2,722                     2,244                       478                         21    %
total subscriptions                   3,456                     2,998                       458                         15    %
barron's group(d)
digital-only subscriptions(c)           700                       556                       144                         26    %
total subscriptions                     920                       780                       140                         18    %
total consumer(e)
digital-only subscriptions(c)         3,522                     2,800                       722                         26    %
total subscriptions                   4,502                     3,778                       724                         19    %
________________________
(a)based on internal data for the periods from march 29, 2021 to june 27, 2021 and march 30, 2020 to june 28, 2020, respectively, with independent assurance over global total sales and subscriptions provided by pricewaterhousecoopers llp uk.
(b)subscriptions include individual consumer subscriptions, as well as subscriptions purchased by companies, schools, businesses and associations for use by their respective employees, students, customers or members. subscriptions exclude single-copy sales and copies purchased by hotels, airlines and other businesses for limited distribution or access to customers.
(c)for some publications, including the wall street journal and barron's, dow jones sells bundled print and digital products. for bundles that provide access to both print and digital products every day of the week, only one unit is reported each day and is designated as a print subscription. for bundled products that provide access to the print product only on specified days and full digital access, one print subscription is reported for each day that a print copy is served and one digital subscription is reported for each remaining day of the week.
(d)barron's group consists of barron's, marketwatch, financial news and private equity news.
(e)total consumer consists of the wall street journal, barron's group and, from may 5, 2021, investor's business daily.
advertising revenues advertising revenues increased $14 million, or 4%, during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily driven by the $52 million increase in digital advertising revenue, which represented 58% of advertising revenue for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, as compared to 46% in fiscal 2020. the increase was partially offset by a $38 million decline in print advertising revenues resulting from general market weakness and lower print volume across the wall street journal and barron's accelerated by covid-19.
segment ebitda for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, segment ebitda at the dow jones segment increased $96 million, or 41%, as compared to fiscal 2020. the increase was mainly due to the increase in revenues discussed above, lower newsprint, production and distribution costs driven by lower print volumes and other discretionary cost savings, partially offset by increased employee and marketing costs.
book publishing (21% and 18% of the company's consolidated revenues in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2021                                                                           2020                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                    better/(worse)
revenues:
consumer                                     $1,908                      $1,593                      $315                         20    %
other                                            77                          73                         4                          5    %
total revenues                                1,985                       1,666                       319                         19    %
operating expenses                          (1,301)                     (1,134)                     (167)                       (15)    %
selling, general and administrative           (381)                       (318)                      (63)                       (20)    %
segment ebitda                                 $303                        $214                       $89                         42    %
46
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, revenues at the book publishing segment increased $319 million, or 19%, as compared to fiscal 2020. the increase was primarily driven by the strong performance across categories, including the bridgerton series by julia quinn, the guest list by lucy foley, the boy, the mole, the fox and the horse by charlie mackesy and other backlist titles in the general books and children's categories, the strong performance of the order by daniel silva, the happy in a hurry cookbook by steve doocey, and didn't see that coming by rachel hollis, as well as the $32 million impact from the acquisition of a book publisher in europe in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 and the $23 million impact from the acquisition of hmh books and media in may 2021. digital sales increased by 16% as compared to fiscal 2020 due to growth in both e-books and downloadable audiobooks. digital sales represented approximately 22% of consumer revenues during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue increase of $34 million, or 2%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, segment ebitda at the book publishing segment increased $89 million, or 42%, as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to the higher revenues discussed above, partially offset by higher costs related to increased sales volume and higher employee costs.
news media (24% and 31% of the company's consolidated revenues in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2021                                                                           2020                     change                   % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                    better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                 $1,060                        $956                      $104                         11    %
advertising                                     885                       1,562                     (677)                       (43)    %
other                                           260                         283                      (23)                        (8)    %
total revenues                                2,205                       2,801                     (596)                       (21)    %
operating expenses                          (1,233)                     (1,709)                       476                         28    %
selling, general and administrative           (920)                     (1,039)                       119                         11    %
segment ebitda                                    $                           $                      $(1)                        (2)    %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, revenues at the news media segment decreased $596 million, or 21%, as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to lower advertising revenues of $677 million driven by the sale of news america marketing in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, which contributed $649 million to the decline, the $90 million impact from the closure or transition to digital of regional and community newspapers in australia as well as continued weakness in the print advertising market exacerbated by covid-19, partially offset by the $68 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations and digital advertising growth at the new york post and news uk. other revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 decreased $23 million as compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to the $26 million impact from the sale of unruly in january 2020. circulation and subscription revenues increased $104 million as compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to the $79 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, digital subscriber growth across key mastheads and price increases, partially offset by print volume declines, primarily at news uk. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue increase of $169 million, or 6%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, segment ebitda at the news media segment decreased $1 million, or 2%, as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to the net $50 million negative impact from the sales of news america marketing and unruly in fiscal 2020 and the absence of the $22 million one-time benefit from the settlement of certain warranty-related claims in the u.k. in fiscal 2020. the decrease was partially offset by the increased contribution from news corp australia of $15 million, primarily due to cost savings initiatives and lower newsprint, production and distribution costs, lower losses at the new york post of $15 million primarily due to higher revenues, the increased contribution from news uk of $9 million and the $8 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations.
news corp australia revenues were $997 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, a decrease of $8 million, or 1%, as compared to fiscal 2020 revenues of $1,005 million. the closure or transition to digital of regional and community newspapers in australia resulted in a revenue decrease of $111 million. advertising revenues decreased $79 million, primarily due to the closure or transition to digital of regional and community newspapers and continued weakness in the print advertising market exacerbated by covid-19, partially offset by the $45 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations. circulation and subscription revenues increased $66 million primarily driven by the $43 million positive impact from foreign currency fluctuations and digital subscriber growth, which were partially offset by print volume declines resulting from the closure or transition to digital of regional and community newspapers.
news uk revenues were $942 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, an increase of $44 million, or 5%, as compared to fiscal 2020 revenues of $898 million. circulation and subscription revenues increased $44 million, primarily driven by the $36 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, cover price increases, mainly at the sun, and digital subscriber growth, mainly at the times and the sunday times, partially offset by single-copy volume declines exacerbated by covid-19, primarily at the sun. advertising revenues decreased $3 million, primarily due to continued weakness in the print advertising market exacerbated by covid-19, partially offset by the $16 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations and digital advertising growth.
liquidity and capital resources current financial condition the company's principal source of liquidity is internally generated funds and cash and cash equivalents on hand. as of june 30, 2021, the company's cash and cash equivalents were $2.24 billion. the company also has available borrowing capacity under the 2019 news corp credit facility (as defined below) and certain other facilities, as described below, and expects to have access to the worldwide credit and capital markets, subject to market conditions, in order to issue additional debt if needed or desired. the company currently expects these elements of liquidity will enable it to meet its liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months, including repayment of indebtedness. although the company believes that its cash on hand and future cash from operations, together with its access to the credit and capital markets, will provide adequate resources to fund its operating and financing needs for at least the next 12 months, its access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms in the future will be affected by many factors, including: (i) the financial and operational performance of the company and/or its operating subsidiaries, as applicable; (ii) the company's credit ratings and/or the credit rating of its operating subsidiaries, as applicable; (iii) the provisions of any relevant debt instruments, credit agreements, indentures and similar or associated documents; (iv) the liquidity of the overall credit and capital markets; and (v) the state of the economy. there can be no assurances that the company will continue to have access to the credit and capital markets on acceptable terms.
as of june 30, 2021, the company's consolidated assets included $798 million in cash and cash equivalents that were held by its foreign subsidiaries. of this amount, $128 million is cash not readily accessible by the company as it is held by rea group, a majority owned but separately listed public company. rea group must declare a dividend in order for the company to have access to its share of rea group's cash balance. the company earns income outside the u.s., which is deemed to be permanently reinvested in certain foreign jurisdictions. the company does not currently intend to repatriate these earnings. should the company require more capital in the u.s. than is generated by and/or available to its domestic operations, the company could elect to transfer funds held in foreign jurisdictions. the transfer of funds from foreign jurisdictions may be cumbersome due to local regulations, foreign exchange controls and taxes. additionally, the transfer of funds from foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates and higher cash paid for income taxes for the company.
the principal uses of cash that affect the company's liquidity position include the following: operational expenditures including employee costs, paper purchases and programming costs; capital expenditures; income tax payments; investments in associated entities; acquisitions; and the repayment of debt and related interest. in addition to the acquisitions and dispositions disclosed elsewhere, the company has evaluated, and expects to continue to evaluate, possible future acquisitions and dispositions of certain businesses. such transactions may be material and may involve cash, the issuance of the company's securities or the assumption of indebtedness.
issuer purchases of equity securities in may 2013, the company's board of directors (the "board of directors") authorized the company to repurchase up to an aggregate of $500 million of its class a common stock. no stock repurchases were made during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021 and 2020. over the life of the program through july 30, 2021, the company cumulatively repurchased approximately 5.2 million shares of class a common stock for an aggregate cost of approximately $71 million. the remaining authorized amount under the stock repurchase program as of july 30, 2021 was approximately $429 million. all decisions regarding any future stock repurchases are at the sole discretion of a duly appointed committee of the board of directors and management. the committee's decisions regarding future stock repurchases will be evaluated from time to time in light of many factors, including the company's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements and debt facility covenants, other contractual restrictions, as well as legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, market volatility and other factors that the committee may deem relevant. the stock repurchase authorization may be modified, extended, suspended or discontinued at any time by the board of directors and the board of directors cannot provide any assurances that any additional shares will be repurchased.
the company did not purchase any of its class a or class b common stock during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021 and 2020.
dividends the following table summarizes the dividends declared and paid per share on both the company's class a common stock and class b common stock:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2021                                               2020
cash dividends paid per share         $0.20                         $0.20
the timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to stockholders, if any, is within the discretion of the board of directors. the board of directors' decisions regarding the payment of future dividends will depend on many factors, including the company's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements and debt facility covenants, other contractual restrictions, as well as legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, market volatility and other factors that the board of directors deems relevant.
sources and uses of cash-fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020
net cash provided by operating activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021 and 2020 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,             2021                    2020
net cash provided by operating activities                   $1,237                  $780
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $457 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020. the increase was primarily due to higher total segment ebitda and lower working capital, partially offset by higher cash taxes paid of $88 million and higher restructuring payments of $42 million.
net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021 and 2020 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,          2021                      2020
net cash used in investing activities                 $(1,292)                  $(427)
net cash used in investing activities was $1,292 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to net cash used in investing activities of $427 million for fiscal 2020.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, the company used $886 million of cash for acquisitions, primarily hmh books & media, ibd and mortgage choice, and used $390 million of cash for capital expenditures, of which $139 million related to the foxtel group. the company's capital expenditures for fiscal 2022 are expected to increase approximately $100 million, subject to foreign currency fluctuations, partly driven by higher technology costs and the roll-out of the ip-enabled set-top-boxes at the foxtel group.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, the company used $438 million of cash for capital expenditures, of which $195 million related to foxtel.
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021 and 2020 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,                         2021                  2020
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                     $699               $(472)
the company had net cash provided by financing activities of $699 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 as compared to net cash used in financing activities of $472 million for fiscal 2020.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021, the company issued $1.0 billion of senior notes and had new borrowings related to rea group and the foxtel group of $515 million, which includes drawdowns under rea group's 2021 bridge facility to repay outstanding debt in connection with its refinancing completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. the net cash provided by financing activities was partially offset by $557 million of repayments for borrowings related to the foxtel group and rea group and dividend payments of $163 million to news corporation stockholders and rea group minority stockholders. see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, the company repaid $1,226 million of borrowings related to foxtel and rea group, which includes repayments made as part of the debt refinancings completed in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, and made dividend payments of $158 million to news corporation stockholders and rea group minority stockholders. the net cash used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020 was partially offset by new borrowings of $926 million, which includes drawdowns under the new facilities entered into as part of the debt refinancings referenced above, and the net settlement of hedges of $57 million.
reconciliation of free cash flow available to news corporation free cash flow available to news corporation is a non-gaap financial measure defined as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures ("free cash flow"), less rea group free cash flow, plus cash dividends received from rea group. free cash flow available to news corporation should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, cash flows from operations and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. free cash flow available to news corporation may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies, since companies and investors may differ as to what items should be included in the calculation of free cash flow.
the company considers free cash flow available to news corporation to provide useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash that is available to be used to strengthen the company's balance sheet and for strategic opportunities including, among others, investing in the company's business, strategic acquisitions, dividend payouts and repurchasing stock. the company believes excluding rea group's free cash flow and including dividends received from rea group provides users of its consolidated financial statements with a measure of the amount of cash flow that is readily available to the company, as rea group is a separately listed public company in australia and must declare a dividend in order for the company to have access to its share of rea group's cash balance. the company believes free cash flow available to news corporation provides a more conservative view of the company's free cash flow because this presentation includes only that amount of cash the company actually receives from rea group, which has generally been lower than the company's unadjusted free cash flow.
a limitation of free cash flow available to news corporation is that it does not represent the total increase or decrease in the cash balance for the period. management compensates for the limitation of free cash flow available to news corporation by also relying on the net change in cash and cash equivalents as presented in the statements of cash flows prepared in accordance with gaap which incorporate all cash movements during the period.
the following table presents a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow available to news corporation:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2021                                                                                       2020
(in millions)
net cash provided by operating activities             $1,237                          $780
less: capital expenditures                             (390)                         (438)
847                                                                                    342
less: rea group free cash flow                         (185)                         (227)
plus: cash dividends received from rea group              69                            65
free cash flow available to news corporation            $731                          $180
free cash flow available to news corporation increased $551 million in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2021 to $731 million from $180 million in fiscal 2020, primarily due to higher cash provided by operating activities as discussed above and lower capital expenditures.
borrowings as of june 30, 2021, the company, certain subsidiaries of nxe australia pty limited (the "foxtel group" and together with such subsidiaries, the "foxtel debt group") and rea group and certain of its subsidiaries (rea group and certain of its subsidiaries, the "rea debt group") had total borrowings of $2.31 billion, including the current portion. both foxtel and rea group are consolidated but non wholly-owned subsidiaries of news corp, and their indebtedness is only guaranteed by members of the foxtel debt group and rea debt group, respectively, and is non-recourse to news corp.
news corporation borrowings as of june 30, 2021, the company had borrowings of $985 million. in april 2021, the company issued $1 billion of senior notes due 2029 (the "2021 senior notes"). the 2021 senior notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.875% per annum, payable in cash semi-annually on may 15 and november 15 of each year, commencing november 15, 2021. the notes will mature on may 15, 2029.
foxtel group borrowings as of june 30, 2021, the foxtel debt group had (i) borrowings of approximately $914 million, including the full drawdown of its 2019 term loan facility, amounts outstanding under the 2019 credit facility and 2017 working capital facility, its outstanding u.s. private placement senior unsecured notes and amounts outstanding under the telstra facility (described below), and (ii) total undrawn commitments of a$334 million available under the 2017 working capital facility and 2019 credit facility. on april 9, 2021, the foxtel debt group amended its 2019 credit facility and 2017 working capital facility to, among other things, extend the debt maturity from november 2022 to may 2024 and reduce the applicable margin to between 2.00% to 3.25%, depending on the foxtel debt group's net leverage ratio.
in addition to third-party indebtedness, the foxtel debt group has related party indebtedness, including a$900 million of outstanding shareholder loans and available facilities from the company. the shareholder loans bear interest at a variable rate of the australian bbsy plus an applicable margin ranging from 6.30% to 7.75% and mature in december 2027. the shareholder revolving credit facility bears interest at a variable rate of the australian bbsy plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.00% to 3.75%, depending on the foxtel debt group's net leverage ratio, and matures in july 2024. additionally, the foxtel debt group has an a$170 million subordinated shareholder loan facility agreement with telstra which can be used to finance cable transmission costs due to telstra. the telstra facility bears interest at a variable rate of the australian bbsy plus an applicable margin of 7.75% and matures in december 2027. the company excludes the utilization of the telstra facility from the statements of cash flows because it is non-cash.
rea group borrowings as of june 30, 2021, rea group had (i) borrowings of approximately $314 million, consisting of amounts outstanding under its new 2021 bridge facility, and (ii) a$107 million of undrawn commitments available under the 2021 bridge facility. in june 2021, rea group entered into an a$520 million 2021 bridge facility due july 2022 (the "2021 bridge facility"). drawdowns under this facility were used to repay and terminate its a$170 million 2019 credit facility, while cash on hand was used to repay the a$70 million 2018 credit facility at maturity. the undrawn 2020 credit facility and 2020 overdraft facility were also terminated. rea group expects to refinance the 2021 bridge facility with a syndicate of loans in the first half of fiscal 2022.
news corp revolving credit facility the company has an undrawn $750 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the "2019 news corp credit facility") that can be used for general corporate purposes, which terminates on december 12, 2024.
all of the company's borrowings contain customary representations, covenants and events of default. the company was in compliance with all such covenants at june 30, 2021.
see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the company's outstanding debt, including additional information about interest rates, maturities and covenants related to such debt arrangements.
commitments the company has commitments under certain firm contractual arrangements ("firm commitments") to make future payments. these firm commitments secure the current and future rights to various assets and services to be used in the normal course of operations.
the following table summarizes the company's material firm commitments as of june 30, 2021:
as of june 30, 2021
payments due by period total                less than 1                  1-3 years                  3-5 years                  more than year                                                                          5 years
(in millions)
purchase obligations(a)                                  $1,042                     $444                       $402                       $106                        $90
sports programming rights(b)                              2,022                      402                        938                        446                        236
programming costs(c)                                        745                      265                        430                         36                         14
operating leases(d)
transmission costs(e)                                       207                       30                         54                         37                         86
land and buildings                                        1,313                      153                        267                        224                        669
plant and machinery                                          13                        7                          5                          1                          -
finance leases transmission costs(e)                                       106                       31                         58                         17                          -
borrowings(f)                                             2,224                        -                        824                        340                      1,060
interest payments on borrowings(g)                          438                       87                        136                         92                        123
total commitments and contractual obligations            $8,110                   $1,419                     $3,114                     $1,299                     $2,278
________________________
(a)the company has commitments under purchase obligations related to minimum subscriber guarantees for license fees, printing contracts, capital projects, marketing agreements, production services and other legally binding commitments.
(b)the company has sports programming rights commitments with the national rugby league, australian football league and cricket australia, as well as certain other broadcast rights which are payable through fiscal 2028.
(c)the company has programming rights commitments with various suppliers for programming content.
(d)the company leases office facilities, warehouse facilities, printing plants, satellite services and equipment. these leases, which are classified as operating leases, are expected to be paid at certain dates through fiscal 2048. amounts reflected represent only the company's lease obligations for which it has firm commitments.
(e)the company has contractual commitments for satellite transmission services. the company's satellite transponder services arrangements extend through fiscal 2032 and are accounted for as operating or finance leases, based on the underlying terms of those arrangements.
(f)see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
(g)reflects the company's expected future interest payments on borrowings outstanding and interest rates applicable at june 30, 2021. such rates are subject to change in future periods. see note 9-borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company has certain contracts to purchase newsprint, ink and plates that require the company to purchase a percentage of its total requirements for production. since the quantities purchased annually under these contracts are not fixed and are based on the company's total requirements, the amount of the related payments for these purchases is excluded from the table above.
the table also excludes the company's pension obligations, other postretirement benefits ("opeb") obligations and the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions as the company is unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount and timing of the commitments. the company made contributions of $35 million and $30 million to its pension plans in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. future plan contributions are dependent upon actual plan asset returns and interest rates and statutory requirements. the company anticipates that it will make contributions of approximately $15 million in fiscal 2022, assuming that actual plan asset returns are consistent with the company's expected returns in fiscal 2021 and beyond, and that interest rates remain constant. the company will continue to make voluntary contributions as necessary to improve the funded status of the plans. payments due to participants under the company's pension plans are primarily paid out of underlying trusts. payments due under the company's opeb plans are not required to be funded in advance, but are paid as medical costs are incurred by covered retiree populations, and are principally dependent upon the future cost of retiree medical benefits under the company's opeb plans. the company expects its opeb payments to approximate $8 million in fiscal 2022. see note 17-retirement benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
contingencies the company routinely is involved in various legal proceedings, claims and governmental inspections or investigations, including those discussed in note 16-commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. the outcome of these matters and claims is subject to significant uncertainty, and the company often cannot predict what the eventual outcome of pending matters will be or the timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters. fees, expenses, fines, penalties, judgments or settlement costs which might be incurred by the company in connection with the various proceedings could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition.
the company establishes an accrued liability for legal claims when it determines that a loss is both probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. once established, accruals are adjusted from time to time, as appropriate, in light of additional information. the amount of any loss ultimately incurred in relation to matters for which an accrual has been established may be higher or lower than the amounts accrued for such matters. legal fees associated with litigation and similar proceedings are expensed as incurred. the company recognizes gain contingencies when the gain becomes realized or realizable. see note 16-commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company's tax returns are subject to on-going review and examination by various tax authorities. tax authorities may not agree with the treatment of items reported in the company's tax returns, and therefore the outcome of tax reviews and examinations can be unpredictable. the company believes it has appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of uncertain tax matters and believes such liabilities represent a reasonable provision for taxes ultimately expected to be paid. however, these liabilities may need to be adjusted as new information becomes known and as tax examinations continue to progress, or as settlements or litigations occur.
critical accounting policies an accounting policy is considered to be critical if it is important to the company's financial condition and results of operations and if it requires significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in its application. the development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by management of the company. see note 2-summary of significant accounting policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
long-lived assets the company's long-lived assets include goodwill, finite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment. assets acquired in business combinations are recorded at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. goodwill is recorded as the difference between the cost of acquiring a business and the estimated fair values assigned to its tangible and identifiable intangible net assets and is assigned to one or more reporting units for purposes of testing for impairment.
determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. identifying reporting units and assigning goodwill to them requires judgment involving the aggregation of business units with similar economic characteristics and the identification of existing business units that benefit from the acquired goodwill. the judgments made in determining the estimated fair value assigned to each class of long-lived assets acquired, their reporting unit, as well as their useful lives can significantly impact net income. the company allocates goodwill to disposed businesses using the relative fair value method.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets the company tests goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter and at other times if a significant event or change in circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of these assets has been reduced below their carrying value. the company uses its judgment in assessing whether assets may have become impaired between annual impairment assessments. indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological changes or competitive activities, loss of key personnel and acts by governments and courts, may signal that an asset has become impaired.
under asc 350, in assessing goodwill for impairment, the company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether events or circumstances exist that lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if the company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the company is not required to perform any additional tests in assessing goodwill for impairment. however, if the company concludes otherwise or elects not to perform the qualitative assessment, then it is required to perform a quantitative analysis to determine the fair value of the business, and compare the calculated fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. the company determines the fair value of a reporting unit primarily by using both a discounted cash flow analysis and market-based valuation approach.
determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgments, including judgments about appropriate discount rates, long-term growth rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, as part of the company's long-range planning process, the company completed its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test.
the performance of the company's annual impairment analysis resulted in no impairments to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in fiscal 2021. significant unobservable inputs utilized in the income approach valuation method were discount rates (ranging from 8.0% to 22.0%), long-term growth rates (ranging from 0.0% to 3.0%) and royalty rates (ranging from 0.25% to 6.0%). significant unobservable inputs utilized in the market approach valuation method were ebitda multiples from guideline public companies operating in similar industries and control premiums (ranging from 5.0% to 10.0%). significant increases (decreases) in royalty rates, growth rates, control premiums and multiples, assuming no change in discount rates, would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. significant decreases (increases) in discount rates, assuming no changes in royalty rates, growth rates, control premiums and multiples, would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement.
as of june 30, 2021, there were no reporting units with goodwill at-risk for future impairment. the company will continue to monitor its goodwill for possible future impairment.
property, plant and equipment the company evaluates the carrying value of property, plant and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset group may not be recoverable, in accordance with asc 360, "property, plant, and equipment" ("asc 360"). an asset group is the lowest level of assets and liabilities for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. events or circumstances that might warrant an impairment recoverability review include, among other things, material declines in operating performance, significant adverse market conditions and planned changes in the use of an asset group.
in determining whether the carrying value of an asset group is recoverable, the company estimates undiscounted future cash flows over the estimated life of the primary asset of the asset group. the estimates of such future cash flows require estimating such factors as future operating performance, market conditions and the estimated holding period of each asset. if all or a portion of the carrying value of an asset group is found to be non-recoverable, the company records an impairment charge equal to the difference between the asset group's carrying value and its fair value. the company generally measures fair value by considering sales prices for similar assets or by discounting estimated future cash flows using an appropriate discount rate. typical assumptions applied when using a market-based approach include projected ebitda and related multiples. typical assumptions applied when using an income approach include projected free cash flows, discount rates and long-term growth rates. all of these assumptions are made by management based on the best available information at the time of the estimates and are subject to deviations from actual results.
programming costs costs incurred in acquiring programming rights are accounted for in accordance with asc 920, "entertainment-broadcasters." programming rights and the related liabilities are recorded at the gross amount of the liabilities when the license period has begun, the cost of the program is determinable and the program is accepted and available for airing. programming costs are amortized based on the expected pattern of consumption over the license period or expected useful life of each program. the pattern of consumption is based primarily on consumer viewership information as well as other factors. if initial airings are expected to generate higher viewership, an accelerated method of amortization is used. the company monitors its programming amortization policy on an ongoing basis and any impact arising from changes to the policy would be recognized prospectively. the company regularly reviews its programming assets to ensure they continue to reflect fair value. changes in circumstances may result in a write-down of the asset to fair value. the company has single and multi-year contracts for broadcast rights of sporting events. the costs of sports contracts are primarily charged to expense over the respective season as events are aired. for sports contracts with dedicated channels, the company amortizes the sports programming rights costs over 12 months.
income taxes the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions in which it operates and records its tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences in its reported results of operations. tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in determining the company's tax expense and in evaluating its tax positions including evaluating uncertainties as promulgated under asc 740, "income taxes."
the company's annual tax rate is based primarily on its geographic income and statutory tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. significant management judgment is required in determining the company's provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and the valuation allowance recorded against the company's net deferred tax assets, if any. in assessing the likelihood of realization of deferred tax assets, management considers estimates of the amount and character of future taxable income. the company's actual effective tax rate and income tax expense could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, tax planning and the company's forecasted financial condition and results of operations in future periods. although the company believes its current estimates are reasonable, actual results could differ from these estimates.
the company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. significant management judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of unrecognized tax benefits to be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. management re-evaluates tax positions each period in which new information about recognition or measurement becomes available. the company's policy is to recognize, when applicable, interest and penalties on unrecognized income tax benefits as part of income tax (expense) benefit.
retirement benefit obligations the company's employees participate in various defined benefit pension and postretirement plans sponsored by the company and its subsidiaries. see note 17-retirement benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company records amounts relating to its pension and other postretirement benefit plans based on calculations specified by gaap. the measurement and recognition of the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans require the use of significant management judgments, including discount rates, expected return on plan assets, mortality and other actuarial assumptions. net periodic benefit costs (income) is calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions, including a discount rate for plan obligations, an expected rate of return on plan assets and mortality rates. current market conditions, including changes in investment returns and interest rates, were considered in making these assumptions. in developing the expected long-term rate of return, the pension portfolio's past average rate of returns, and future return expectations of the various asset classes were considered. the weighted average expected long-term rate of return of 3.7% for fiscal 2022 is based on a weighted average target asset allocation assumption of 20% equities, 73% fixed-income securities and 7% cash and other investments.
the company recorded $(1) million and $7 million in net periodic benefit (income) costs in the statements of operations for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the company utilizes the full yield-curve approach to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit costs for its pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
although the discount rate used for each plan will be established and applied individually, a weighted average discount rate of 2.1% will be used in calculating the fiscal 2022 net periodic benefit costs (income). the discount rate reflects the market rate for high-quality fixed-income investments on the company's annual measurement date of june 30 and is subject to change each fiscal year. the discount rate assumptions used to account for pension and other postretirement benefit plans reflect the rates at which the benefit obligations could be effectively settled. the rate was determined by matching the company's expected benefit payments for the plans to a hypothetical yield curve developed using a portfolio of several hundred high-quality non-callable corporate bonds. the weighted average discount rate is volatile from year to year because it is determined based upon the prevailing rates in the u.s., the u.k., australia and other foreign countries as of the measurement date.
the key assumptions used in developing the company's fiscal 2021 and 2020 net periodic benefit costs (income) for its plans consist of the following:
2021                                                                                                                            2020
(in millions, except %)
weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs (income):
discount rate for pbo                                                                             2.0%                          2.6%
discount rate for service cost                                                                    1.8%                          2.6%
discount rate for interest on pbo                                                                 1.6%                          2.3%
discount rate for interest on service cost                                                        1.3%                          2.2%
assets:
expected rate of return                                                                           3.7%                          4.6%
expected return                                                                                    $50                           $59
actual return                                                                                      $48                          $110
(loss)/gain                                                                                       $(2)                           $51
one year actual return                                                                            3.7%                          8.8%
five year actual return                                                                           5.9%                          7.0%
the company will use a weighted average long-term rate of return of 3.7% for fiscal 2022 based principally on a combination of current asset mix and an expectation of future long term investment returns. the accumulated net pre-tax losses on the company's pension plans as of june 30, 2021 were approximately $542 million which increased from approximately $529 million for the company's pension plans as of june 30, 2020. this increase of $13 million was primarily due to currency movements partially offset by unrecognized losses amortized during fiscal 2021. lower discount rates increase present values of benefit obligations and increase the company's deferred losses and also increase subsequent-year benefit costs. higher discount rates decrease the present values of benefit obligations and reduce the company's accumulated net loss and have a minimal impact on benefit costs. these deferred losses are being systematically recognized in future net periodic benefit costs (income) in accordance with asc 715, "compensation-retirement benefits." unrecognized losses for the primary plans in excess of 10% of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or the plan's projected benefit obligation are recognized over the average life expectancy for plan participants for the primary plans.
the company made contributions of $35 million and $30 million to its funded pension plans in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. future plan contributions are dependent upon actual plan asset returns, statutory requirements and interest rate movements. assuming that actual plan asset returns are consistent with the company's expected returns in fiscal 2021 and beyond, and that interest rates remain constant, the company anticipates that it will make contributions of approximately $15 million in fiscal 2022. the company will continue to make voluntary contributions as necessary to improve the funded status of the plans. see note 18-other postretirement benefits in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
changes in net periodic benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in the company's expected rate of return on plan assets and discount rate resulting from economic events. the following table highlights the sensitivity of the company's pension obligations and expense to changes in these assumptions, assuming all other assumptions remain constant:
changes in assumption   impact on annual           impact on projected pension expense            benefit obligation
0.25 percentage point decrease in discount rate   increase $1 million        increase $68 million
0.25 percentage point increase in discount rate   decrease $1 million        decrease $60 million
0.25 percentage point decrease in expected rate of return on assets   increase $4 million        -
0.25 percentage point increase in expected rate of return on assets   decrease $4 million        -
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2-summary of significant accounting policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
