item 1a.       risk factors.
a wide range of risks may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, now and in the future. we consider the risks described below to be the most significant. there may be other currently unknown or unpredictable factors that could have adverse effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
risks relating to our business and industry if our streaming initiatives are unsuccessful, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected streaming is intensely competitive and cash intensive and there can be no assurance that our streaming initiatives will be profitable or otherwise successful. our ability to attract, engage and retain subscribers to our subscription streaming services, including paramount+, showtime ott and bet+, and maus (together with subscribers, "users") on our fast service, pluto tv, as well as the corresponding subscription and advertising revenues they generate, will depend on our ability to consistently provide appealing and differentiated content globally, effectively market our content and services and provide a quality experience for selecting and viewing that content. our success will require significant investments to produce original content and acquire the rights to third-party content, including with respect to live sports, as well as the establishment and maintenance of key content and distribution partnerships.
we must continually add new users, convert promotional subscribers and meaningfully engage with existing subscribers to manage turnover, or "churn," to grow our business. if we are unable to successfully compete with competitors in attracting, engaging with and retaining users as well as creative talent, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. the relative service levels, content offerings, promotions and pricing and related features of our competitors' services may adversely impact our ability to attract, engage and retain users. if consumers do not consider our streaming services to be of value compared to our competitors' services, including because we fail to introduce attractive new content and features, do not maintain competitive pricing, terminate or modify promotional or trial period offerings, experience technical issues, or change the mix of content in a manner that is unfavorably received, we may not be able to attract, engage and retain users. if we are not able to attract new users, or our existing users decide to not continue subscriptions on our services for any reason, including a perception that they do not use our streaming services sufficiently, the need to cut household expenses, unsatisfactory content, promotions or trial-period offers expire or are modified, competitive services or promotions provide a better value or experience or customer service or technical issues are not satisfactorily resolved, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
changes in consumer behavior, as well as evolving technologies, distribution platforms and packaging, may negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations our success depends on our ability to anticipate and adapt to shifting content consumption patterns. the ways in which viewers consume content, and technology and business models in our industry, continue to evolve rapidly, and new distribution platforms, as well as increased competition from new entrants and emerging technologies, have added to the complexity of maintaining predictable revenue streams.
technological advancements have empowered consumers to seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and have affected the options available to advertisers for reaching target audiences. the evolution of consumer preferences toward "over-the-top" content consumption, such as streaming and other digital offerings, and the substantial increase in the availability of content without advertising or adequate methodologies for audience measurement, have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, consumers are increasingly using time-shifting and advertising-blocking technologies, such as dvrs, that enable users to bypass advertisements. substantial use of i-22
these technologies could impact the attractiveness of our programming to advertisers, adversely affecting our advertising revenue.
in response to perceived consumer demand, distributors are continuing to develop alternative offerings, including streaming and other subscription services; advertising-supported services, including fast; original content for mobile and social media platforms; and smaller, often customizable, packages delivered by mvpds at lower costs than traditional offerings. if our networks and brands are not included in these offerings and services, or if consumers increasingly favor alternative offerings over traditional broadcast television and cable subscriptions, we may continue to experience viewership declines and ultimately demand for our programming, which could lead to lower revenues from traditional sources. these changing distribution models may also impact our ability to negotiate carriage deals on terms favorable to us.
to respond to these developments, we regularly adopt or develop new technologies and consider, and from time to time implement, changes to our business models and strategies to remain competitive, such as our increased investment in streaming. there can be no assurance that we will successfully anticipate or respond to these developments, that we will not experience disruption, even as we respond to such developments, or that the new technologies or business models we develop will be as successful as historic or existing ones.
our advertising revenues have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by changes in consumer viewership, advertising market conditions and deficiencies in audience measurement we derive substantial revenues from the sale of advertising, and a decline in advertising revenues could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the evolution of consumer preferences toward over-the-top streaming and other digital services and the increasing number of entertainment choices has intensified audience fragmentation and reduced content viewership through traditional linear distribution models, which has caused and may continue to cause ratings declines for our television networks. this evolution has also given rise to new ways of purchasing advertising, as well as a general shift in total advertising expenditures toward streaming and digital, some of which may not be as beneficial to us as traditional advertising methods. although we have increasingly focused on generating advertising revenue from our own streaming services, including pluto tv and paramount+ essential, and other digital services, there can be no assurance that we can successfully navigate this shift or that the advertising revenues we generate will replace the declines in advertising revenues generated from our traditional linear business.
the strength of the advertising market can fluctuate in response to the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, advertisers' current spending priorities and the economy in general or the economy of any individual geographic market, including the impact of the current inflationary environment and the global supply chain delays. these factors may adversely affect our advertising revenues. natural and other disasters, pandemics, acts of terrorism, political uncertainty or hostilities could also lead to a reduction in domestic and international advertising expenditures as a result of disrupted programming and services, uninterrupted news coverage and economic uncertainty. our ability to generate advertising revenue is also dependent on demand for our content, the consumers in our targeted demographics, advertising rates and results observed by advertisers.
major sports events, such as the super bowl and the ncaa division i men's basketball tournament and state, congressional and presidential elections cycles may cause our advertising revenues to vary substantially from year to year. political advertising expenditures are impacted by the ability and willingness of candidates and political action campaigns to raise and spend funds on advertising and the competitive nature of the elections affecting viewers in markets featuring our content.
advertising sales are also largely dependent on audience measurement and could be negatively affected if measurement methodologies do not accurately reflect actual viewership levels. nielsen's statistical sampling method is the primary measurement technique used in our television advertising sales; however, it does not fully i-23
measure viewership across streaming and digital. we measure and monetize across over-the-top platforms based on census-based advertising-server data establishing the number of impressions served, combined with third-party data providing demographic composition estimates. multiplatform campaign verification remains in its infancy and is still not measured by any one consistently applied method. while we expect innovation and standards around multiplatform measurement to benefit us as the advertising market continues to evolve, we are nevertheless partially dependent on third parties to deliver those solutions. our ability to target and measure audiences is also limited by an increasing number of global laws and regulations relating to privacy and the collection, use and security of personal data.
our success depends on our ability to maintain attractive brands and our reputation, and to offer popular programming and other content our ability to maintain attractive brands, and to create, distribute and/or license popular content are key to our success and ability to generate revenues. the revenues we generate primarily depend on our ability to consistently anticipate and satisfy consumer tastes and expectations, both in the u.s. and internationally. the popularity of our content is affected by our ability to develop and maintain strong brand awareness and a strong reputation; our ability to target key audiences; the quality and attractiveness of competing entertainment content; and the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities. consumer tastes and behavior change frequently, and it is a challenge to anticipate what will be successful at any point in time. we invest substantial capital in our content, including the production of original content, before learning the extent to which it will garner critical success and popularity with consumers. a shortfall in the expected popularity of content we distribute or of sports events for which we have acquired rights, could lead to decreased profitability or losses for a significant period of time. significant negative claims or publicity regarding the company or its operations, content, products, management, employees, practices, business partners and culture, including individuals associated with the content we create and/or license, as well as our inability to adequately prepare for or respond to such negative claims or publicity, may damage our brands or reputation, even if such claims are untrue.
increased costs for content and other rights may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations we invest significant resources to produce, market and distribute original content. we also acquire content and ancillary rights and pay related rights fees, license fees, royalties and/or contingent compensation. for example, some of the sports programming most viewed on cbs sports or streamed on paramount+, including nfl games, are made available based on rights of varying duration that we have negotiated with third parties. we also license various music rights from the major record companies, music publishers and performing rights organizations. our investments in internally produced and acquired content are significant and involve complex negotiations with numerous third parties, and rapid changes in consumer behavior have increased the risk associated with the success of all kinds of content. competition for popular content is intense, and we may have to increase the price we are willing to pay for talent and intellectual property rights, which may result in significantly increased costs. further, increased competition in the market for development and production of original content, particularly from streaming services, increases our content costs. we may be outbid by our competitors for the rights to new, popular content or in connection with the renewals of popular rights we currently hold. as such, there can be no assurance that we will recoup our investments when the content is broadcast or distributed.
our businesses operate in industries that are highly competitive we compete with other media companies to attract creative talent and produce high-quality content, and for distribution on a variety of third-party platforms. competition for talent, content, audiences, subscribers, service providers, production infrastructure, advertising and distribution is intense and comes from other broadcast television networks and stations, cable networks, streaming services, the internet and social media, film studios and independent film producers and distributors, consumer products companies and other entertainment outlets and platforms, as well as from "second screen" applications. other broadcast television networks or stations or cable networks may change their formats or programming, a new network or station may adopt a format to i-24
compete directly with our networks or stations, or networks or stations might engage in aggressive promotional campaigns. we also compete with additional entrants into the market for the production of original content and streaming services.
our ability to obtain widespread distribution on favorable terms, which contributes to our ability to reach audiences and, in turn, attract advertisers, is adversely affected by continued industry consolidation, including distributors and television service providers. our competitors generally include companies with interests in multiple media businesses that are often vertically integrated, whereas our cable business generally relies on distribution relationships with third parties. as more companies in sectors adjacent to our own create or acquire their own content, they may have significant competitive advantages, which could adversely affect our ability to negotiate favorable terms for distribution or otherwise compete effectively. our competitors could also have preferential access to important technologies, customer data or other competitive information, as well as significant financial resources.
this competition and consolidation could result in lower ratings and advertising, lower affiliate and other revenues, and increased content costs and promotional and other expenses, negatively affecting our ability to generate revenues and profitability. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors, or that competition or consolidation in the marketplace will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the loss of affiliation and distribution agreements, renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms or adverse interpretations thereof could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations a significant portion of our revenues are attributable to agreements with a limited number of distributors. these agreements generally have fixed terms that vary by market and distributor, and there can be no assurance that they will be renewed in the future, or renewed on favorable terms, including those related to pricing and programming tiers. we may also be unable to modify existing agreements with terms that have become less favorable over time. the loss of existing packaging, positioning, pricing or other marketing opportunities and the loss of carriage or the failure to renew our agreements with any distributor, or renew or modify them on favorable terms, could reduce the distribution of our programming and program services and decrease the potential audience for our programs, thereby negatively affecting our growth prospects and revenues from both affiliate fees and advertising. the cbs network provides affiliated television stations regularly scheduled programming in return for the insertion of network commercials during that programming and the payment of reverse compensation. the loss of such station affiliation agreements could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing the reach of our programming and therefore our attractiveness to advertisers, and renewal of these affiliation agreements on less favorable terms may also adversely affect our results of operations.
consolidation among and vertical integration of distributors in the cable or broadcast network business has provided more leverage to these distributors and could adversely affect our ability to maintain or obtain distribution for our network programming or distribution and/or marketing of our subscription services on favorable or commercially reasonable terms, or at all. also, consolidation among television station group owners could increase their negotiating leverage. competitive pressures faced by mvpds, particularly in light of the lower retail prices of streaming services, could adversely affect the terms of our renewals with mvpds. in addition, mvpds and streaming services continue to develop alternative offerings for consumers. to the extent these offerings do not include our content and become widely accepted in lieu of traditional offerings, we could experience a decline in affiliate revenues.
our revenues are dependent on the compliance of major distributors with the terms of our affiliation or distribution agreements. as these agreements have grown in complexity, the number of disputes regarding their interpretation and even their validity has grown, resulting in greater uncertainty and, from time to time, litigation with respect to our rights and obligations. some of our distribution agreements contain "most favored nation" ("mfn") clauses, which provide that if we enter into an agreement with a distributor and such agreement i-25
includes terms that are more favorable than those held by a distributor holding an mfn right, we must offer some of those terms to the distributor holding the mfn right. disagreements with a distributor on the interpretation or validity of an agreement could adversely impact our affiliate and advertising revenues, as well as our relationship with that distributor.
we could suffer losses due to asset impairment charges for goodwill, intangible assets, fcc licenses and programming we test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including fcc licenses, for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if events or circumstances require an interim impairment assessment. certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, higher cost of capital, a decline in advertising markets, a decrease in audience acceptance of our programming or films, a shift by advertisers to competing advertising platforms and/or changes in consumer behavior could result in a downward revision in the estimated fair value of a reporting unit or intangible assets, including fcc licenses, which could result in a noncash impairment charge. any such impairment charge for goodwill, intangible assets and/or programming could have a material adverse effect on our reported net earnings.
our ongoing investments in new businesses, products, services and technologies, through acquisitions and other strategic initiatives, present many risks, and we may not realize intended financial and strategic goals we have invested in and may continue to invest, including through acquisitions, in new businesses, products, services and technologies as part of our ongoing strategic initiatives. these initiatives, such as the integration of the cbs and viacom businesses following the merger, may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: difficulty integrating acquired businesses; failure to realize anticipated benefits; unanticipated problems, expenses and liabilities; potential disruption to our business and operations; diversion of management's attention; difficulty managing expanded operations; the loss or inability to retain key employees, including talent; unanticipated challenges to or loss of our relationship with new or existing customers, viewers, advertisers, suppliers, distributors, licensors; insufficient revenues from such investments to offset any new liabilities assumed and expenses associated with new investments; and failure to successfully develop an acquired business or technology. many of these factors are outside of our control, and because new investments are inherently risky, and the anticipated benefits or value of these investments may not materialize, no assurance can be given that such investments and other strategic initiatives will not adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
risks relating to business continuity, cybersecurity and privacy and data protection disruptions or failures of, or cybersecurity attacks on, our or our service providers' networks, information systems and other technologies could result in the disclosure of confidential or valuable business or personal information, disruption of our businesses, damage to our brands and reputation, legal exposure and financial losses, and our business continuity plans may prove inadequate to address any such disruption, failure or attack cloud services, networks, software, information systems and other technologies we use or that are used by our third-party service providers and our product suppliers ("providers"), including technology systems used by us and our providers in connection with the production and distribution of our content and that otherwise perform important functions ("systems"), are critical to our business activities. shutdowns or disruptions of, and cybersecurity attacks on, our systems pose increasing risks on our business. we also use content delivery networks to help us stream programming, films and other content in high volume to viewers and users of our online, mobile and app offerings over the internet. shutdowns, disruptions and attacks on our or our providers' networks or systems may be caused by third-party hacking; dissemination of computer viruses, worms, malware, ransomware and other destructive or disruptive software; denial-of-service attacks and other bad acts; human error; and power outages, natural disasters, extreme weather, terrorist attacks or other similar events. shutdowns, disruptions and attacks could have an adverse impact on us, our business partners, advertisers and other providers, i-26
employees, viewers and users of our content, including degradation or disruption of service, loss of data and damage to equipment and data. steps we or our providers take to enhance, improve or upgrade networks or systems may not be sufficient to avoid shutdowns, disruptions and attacks. significant events could result in a disruption of our operations and reduction of our revenues, the loss of or damage to the integrity of data used by management to make decisions and operate our businesses, viewer or advertiser dissatisfaction or a loss of viewers or advertisers, and damage to our reputation or brands. in addition, our recovery and business continuity plans may prove inadequate to address any such disruption, failure or cybersecurity attack.
we are subject to risks caused by the misappropriation, misuse, falsification or intentional or accidental release or loss of business or personal data or programming content maintained in our or our providers' systems, including proprietary and personal information (of third parties, employees and users of our online, mobile and app offerings), business information including intellectual property, or other confidential information. outside parties may attempt to penetrate our or our providers' systems or fraudulently induce employees, business partners or users of our online, mobile and app offerings to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to our proprietary data or our subscribers' or users' data, our programming or our intellectual property. the number and sophistication of attempted and successful phishing, information security breaches or disruptive ransomware or denial-of-service attacks in the u.s. and elsewhere have increased significantly in recent years, and because of our prominence, we and/or providers we use may be a particularly attractive target for such attacks. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or disable, degrade or sabotage, networks and systems change frequently, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, implement adequate security measures or remediate flaws or detect intrusion on a timely or effective basis. despite our efforts, the possibility of these adverse events occurring cannot be eliminated.
if a material breach of our networks or systems or those of our providers occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, we could lose subscribers, viewers, revenues in the case of leaked content, advertisers and other business partners, and users of our online, mobile and app offerings; our reputation, brands and credibility could be damaged; and we could be required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to repair, replace or recover such networks and systems. we could also be subject to actions by regulatory authorities and claims asserted in private litigation. the costs relating to any data breach could be material, and we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate us for any losses associated with such events.
we are subject to complex, often inconsistent and potentially costly laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations relating to privacy and personal data protection we are subject to laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations in the u.s. and in other countries relating to privacy and the collection, use and security of personal data. in the e.u., for example, the gdpr mandates data protection compliance obligations and authorizes significant fines for noncompliance, requiring extensive compliance resources and efforts on our part. further, a number of other regions where we do business have enacted or are considering new data protection regulations that may impact our business activities. in the u.s., the ccpa mandates a host of new obligations for businesses regarding how they handle the personal information of california residents. we are also subject to laws and regulations intended specifically to protect the interests of children and the privacy of minors online, including coppa in the u.s., and more generally, the gdpr in the e.u., and we have been required to limit some functionality on digital properties as a result of these regulations. such regulations also restrict the types of advertising we are able to sell on these digital properties and impose strict liability on us for certain of our actions, as well as certain actions of our advertisers and other third parties, which could affect advertising demand and pricing. recently, laws in brazil and china that govern the processing of children's data also went into effect. these laws will likely have similar impacts to coppa and gdpr, especially with respect to data collected in connection with advertising. compliance with privacy and data protection rules, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations, which may be inconsistent with one another, and noncompliance could result in regulatory investigations and enforcement, significant monetary fines, breaches of contractual obligations and private litigation. any actual or perceived noncompliance could also lead i-27
to harm to our reputation and market position. see "business - regulation - global data protection laws and children's privacy laws."
risks relating to intellectual property infringement of our content, including digital copyright piracy and other unauthorized uses of our content, reduces revenue received from legitimate distribution of our programming, films, books and other entertainment content and adversely affects our business, financial condition and results of operations our success depends in part on our ability to maintain and monetize our intellectual property rights. we are fundamentally a content company and infringement of our content - specifically, the infringement of our films, television programming, digital content, books and other intellectual property rights - affects the value of our content. copyright infringement is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that either lack effective laws and technical protection measures similar to those existing in the u.s. and europe or lack effective enforcement of such measures, or both. such foreign copyright infringement often creates a supply of pirated content for major markets as well. the interpretation of copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws as applied to our content, and our infringement-detection and enforcement efforts, remain in flux, and some methods of enforcement have encountered political opposition. the failure to appropriately enforce and/or the weakening of existing intellectual property laws could make it more difficult for us to adequately protect and monetize our intellectual property and thus negatively affect its value.
copyright piracy is made easier by the wide availability of higher bandwidth and reduced storage costs, as well as tools that undermine encryption and other security features and enable infringers to disguise their identities online. we and our numerous production and distribution partners operate various technology systems in connection with the production and distribution of our programming and films, and intentional or unintentional acts could result in unauthorized access to our content. the continuing proliferation of digital formats and technologies heightens this risk. internet-connected televisions, set-top boxes and mobile devices are ubiquitous, and many can support illegal retransmission platforms, illicit video-on-demand or streaming services and pre-loaded hardware, providing more accessible, versatile and legitimate-looking environments for consuming unlicensed film and television content. unauthorized access to our content could result in the premature release of films, television programs or other content as well as a reduction in demand for authorized content, which would likely have significant adverse effects on the value of the affected content and our ability to monetize our content.
copyright infringement reduces the revenue that we are able to generate from the legitimate sale and distribution of our content, undermines lawful distribution channels, reduces the public's and some affiliate partners' perceived value of our content and inhibits our ability to recoup or profit from the costs incurred to create such content. we are actively engaged in enforcement and other activities to protect our intellectual property, and it is likely that we will continue to expend substantial resources in connection with these initiatives. efforts to prevent the unauthorized reproduction, distribution and exhibition of our content may affect our profitability and may not be successful in preventing harm to our business.
risks relating to macroeconomic and political conditions covid-19 and other pandemics could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the covid-19 pandemic has negatively impacted, and is expected to continue to impact, the macroeconomic environment in the u.s. and globally. in an effort to contain covid-19 or slow its spread, governments around the world have enacted various measures, some of which have been subsequently rescinded, modified or reinstated, including travel bans, orders to close or limit access to businesses not deemed "essential," vaccination and masking requirements, requirements to isolate residents to their homes or places of residence, and social distancing. the difficult macroeconomic environment has included increased and prolonged unemployment, a decline in consumer confidence, global supply chain issues and inflation, and prolonged declines in economic i-28
growth, as well as changes in consumer behavior in response to the pandemic, which have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. other pandemics or widespread health emergencies may have similar effects.
as a result of covid-19, in 2020 we experienced a material negative impact on our advertising revenues as a result of weakness in the advertising market, the cancellation or postponement of sporting events, and the delay of the broadcast television season as a result of production shutdowns. while the advertising market improved in 2021, we are not able to predict the effect that covid-19 may have on the advertising market in the future and any prolonged decline in our advertising revenues would have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. covid-19 had a negative effect on our licensing revenues due to production shutdowns, delays in our delivery of content to third parties, and fewer original programs and live events airing on our networks. we also experienced lower demand for the licensing of our content from advertising-supported licensees. while production has resumed, we are not able to predict whether we will encounter future production delays or shutdowns or if and to what extent content licensing revenues will continue to be negatively impacted. our theatrical revenues have been negatively impacted by the closure or reduced capacity of movie theaters as a result of covid-19. we are not able to predict the effect that covid-19 may have on theatergoing in the future, including whether consumers will return at the same levels they previously did because of concerns related to covid-19 or because of changes to viewing habits, or whether revenues from theatrical releases will be comparable to historical levels.
the magnitude of the continuing impact of covid-19 and its variants, which could be material to our business, financial condition and results of operations, will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or control, including the duration and extent of the pandemic, the impact of governmental actions, consumer behavior in response to the pandemic and such governmental actions, and economic and operating conditions in the aftermath of covid-19. due to the evolving and uncertain nature of the pandemic, we are not able to estimate the full extent of the impact that covid-19 will have on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and that impact could also exacerbate the other risks described herein. even after covid-19 has moderated and governmental restrictions have eased, we may continue to experience the same adverse effects on our business resulting from recessionary economic conditions that persist and long-term changes in the advertising and distribution markets and consumer engagement and viewing habits.
economic and political conditions in a variety of markets around the world could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations our businesses operate and have audiences, customers and partners worldwide, and we are focused on expanding our international operations in key markets, some of which are emerging markets. for that reason, economic conditions in many different markets around the world affect a number of aspects of our businesses. economic conditions in each market can also impact our audience's discretionary spending (such as current inflation or global supply chain issues) and therefore their willingness to access our content, as well as the businesses of our partners who purchase advertising on our networks, causing them to reduce their spending on advertising. we may also be subject to longer payment cycles. in addition, as we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar has increased, and there is no assurance that downward trending currencies will rebound or that stable currencies will remain stable in any period. such fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. also, volatility and weakness in the capital markets, the tightening of credit markets or a decrease in our debt ratings could adversely affect our ability to obtain cost-effective financing. broader supply chain delays, such as those currently impacting global distribution, may impact our business.
our businesses are also exposed to certain political risks inherent in conducting a global business, including retaliatory actions by governments reacting to changes in the u.s. and other countries, including in connection with trade negotiations; issues related to the presence of corruption in certain markets and enforcement of anticorruption laws and regulations; increased risk of political instability in some markets as well as conflict and i-29
sanctions preventing us from accessing those markets; escalating trade, immigration and nuclear disputes; wars, acts of terrorism or other hostilities; and other political, economic or other uncertainties.
these political and economic risks could create instability in any of the markets where our businesses derive revenues, which could result in a reduction of revenue or loss of investment that adversely affects our businesses, financial condition or results of operations.
risks relating to regulatory and legal matters failures to comply with or changes in u.s. or foreign laws or regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, both in the u.s. and/or in the foreign jurisdictions in which we or our partners operate, including laws and regulations relating to intellectual property, content regulation, user privacy, data protection, anticorruption, repatriation of profits, tax regimes, quotas, tariffs or other trade barriers, currency exchange controls, operating license and permit requirements, restrictions on foreign ownership or investment, anticompetitive conduct, export and market access restrictions, and exceptions to and limitations on copyright and censorship, among others.
the television broadcasting and cable programming industries in the u.s. are highly regulated by u.s. federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the fcc. for example, we are required to obtain licenses from the fcc to operate our television stations and periodically renew them. it cannot be assured that the fcc will approve our future renewal applications or that the renewals will be for full terms or will not include conditions or qualifications. the nonrenewal, or renewal with substantial conditions or modifications, of one or more of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our revenues. we must also comply with extensive fcc limits on the ownership and operation of our television stations and our television networks, which could restrict our ability to consummate future transactions and in certain circumstances could require us to divest some television stations.
our businesses could be adversely affected by new laws and regulations, changes in existing laws, changes in interpretations of existing laws by courts and regulators and the threat that additional laws or regulations may be forthcoming, as well as our ability to enforce our legal rights. we could be required to change or limit certain of our business practices, which could impact our ability to generate revenues. we could also incur substantial costs to comply with new and existing laws and regulations, or substantial fines and penalties or other liabilities if we fail to comply with such laws and regulations.
our liabilities related to discontinued operations and former businesses could adversely impact our financial conditions we have both recognized and potential liabilities and costs related to discontinued operations and former businesses, certain of which are unrelated to our existing business, including leases, guarantees, environmental liabilities, liabilities related to the pensions and medical expenses of retirees, asbestos liabilities, contractual disputes and other pending and threatened litigation. we cannot be assured that our accruals for these matters are sufficient to cover these liabilities in their entirety or any one of these liabilities when it becomes due or at what point any of these liabilities may come due. therefore, there can be no assurances that these liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating performance or cash flows.
i-30
risks relating to human capital the loss of existing or inability to hire new key employees or secure creative talent could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations our business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of our executives and other employees and the creative talent with whom we work. we compete for executives in highly specialized and evolving industries (including streaming) and our ability to attract, retain and engage such individuals may be impacted by our reputation, workplace culture, efforts with respect to de&i and esg matters, the compensation and benefits we provide, and our commitment to effectively managing executive succession. we also employ or contract with entertainment personalities with loyal audiences and produce films with highly regarded directors, producers, writers, actors and other creative talent in highly competitive markets. our ability to attract and retain these individuals will similarly be impacted by our reputation, culture and efforts with respect to de&i and esg matters. these individuals are important to attracting viewers and the success of our programs, films and other content. there can be no assurance that these individuals will remain with us or will retain their current appeal, or that the costs associated with retaining them or new talent will be reasonable. if we fail to retain or attract new key employees or creative talent, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
we and our business partners also engage the services of writers, directors, actors, musicians and other creative talent, production crew members, trade employees, professional athletes and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. any labor disputes, including lockouts, strikes or work stoppages, may disrupt our operations and cause delays in the production of our programming, which could increase our costs and have an adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows and/or operating income.
risks relating to our ownership structure nai, through its voting control of the company, is in a position to control actions that require stockholder approval nai, through its direct and indirect ownership of our class a common stock, has voting control of the company. as of december 31, 2021, nai directly or indirectly owned approximately 77.4% of our voting class a common stock and approximately 9.7% of our class a common stock and non-voting class b common stock on a combined basis. nai is controlled by the sumner m. redstone national amusements part b general trust (the "general trust"), which owns 80% of the voting interest of nai and acts by majority vote of seven voting trustees (subject to certain exceptions), including with respect to the nai shares held by the general trust. shari e. redstone, chairperson, ceo and president of nai and non-executive chair of our board of directors, is one of the seven voting trustees for the general trust and is one of two voting trustees who are beneficiaries of the general trust. no member of our management or other member of our board of directors is a trustee of the general trust.
nai is in a position to control the outcome of corporate actions that require, or may be accomplished by, stockholder approval, including amending our bylaws, the election or removal of directors and transactions involving a change of control. for example, our bylaws provide that:
•the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the aggregate voting power of all outstanding shares of our capital stock then entitled to vote generally in an election of directors, voting together as a single class, is required for our stockholders to amend, alter, change, repeal or adopt any of our bylaws;
•any or all of our directors may be removed from office at any time prior to the expiration of his or her term of office, with or without cause, only by the affirmative vote of the holders of record of outstanding shares representing at least a majority of all the aggregate voting power of outstanding shares of our common stock then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class at a special meeting of our stockholders called expressly for that purpose; and i-31
•in accordance with the general corporation law of the state of delaware, our stockholders may act by written consent without a meeting if such stockholders hold the number of shares representing not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such actions at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
accordingly, our stockholders who may have different interests are unable to affect the outcome of any such corporate actions for so long as nai retains voting control.
sales of nai's shares of our common stock, some of which are pledged to lenders, could adversely affect the stock price based on information received from nai, nai has pledged to its lenders a portion of shares of our class a common stock and our class b common stock owned directly or indirectly by nai. as of december 31, 2021, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock pledged by nai to its lenders represented approximately 3.9% of the total outstanding shares of our class a common stock and our class b common stock on a combined basis. if there is a default on nai's debt obligations and the lenders foreclose on the pledged shares, the lenders may not effect a transfer, sale or disposition of any pledged shares of our class a common stock unless nai and its affiliates beneficially own 50% or less of our class a common stock then outstanding or such shares have first been converted into our class b common stock. a sale of the pledged shares could adversely affect our common stock share price. in addition, there can be no assurance that at some future time nai will not sell or pledge additional shares of our common stock, which could adversely affect our common stock share price.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition.
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
management's discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of viacomcbs inc. should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes. references in this document to "viacomcbs," the "company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to viacomcbs inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. effective february 16, 2022, we are changing our name to paramount global.
significant components of management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition include:
•overview-summary of our business and operational highlights.
•consolidated results of operations-analysis of our results on a consolidated basis for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, including a comparison of 2021 to 2020. analysis of our results on a consolidated basis for the year ended december 31, 2019, including a comparison of 2020 to 2019, is included in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020.
•segment results of operations-analysis of our results on a reportable segment basis for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, including a comparison of 2021 to 2020. analysis of our results on a reportable segment basis for the year ended december 31, 2019, including a comparison of 2020 to 2019, is included in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020.
•liquidity and capital resources-discussions of our cash flows, including sources and uses of cash, for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, and our outstanding debt. discussion of our cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2019 is included in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020.
•critical accounting policies-detail with respect to accounting policies that are considered by management to require significant judgment and use of estimates and that could have a significant impact on our financial statements.
•legal matters-discussion of legal matters to which we are involved.
•market risk-discussion of how we manage exposure to market and interest rate risks.
ii-3
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
overview operational highlights 2021 vs. 2020
consolidated results of operations                                                                                       increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                                                   2021   2020                    $                                          %
gaap:
revenues                                                                           $28,586                  $25,285      $3,301                               13    %
operating income                                                                    $6,297                   $4,139      $2,158                               52    %
net earnings from continuing operationsattributable to viacomcbs                    $4,381                   $2,305      $2,076                               90    %
diluted eps from continuing operationsattributable to viacomcbs                      $6.69                    $3.73      $2.96                                79    %
non-gaap: (a)
adjusted oibda                                                                      $4,444                   $5,132      $(688)                             (13)    %
adjusted net earnings from continuing operationsattributable to viacomcbs           $2,292                   $2,595      $(303)                             (12)    %
adjusted diluted eps from continuing operationsattributable to viacomcbs             $3.48                    $4.20      $(.72)                             (17)    %
(a) certain items identified as affecting comparability are excluded in non-gaap results. see "reconciliation of non-gaap measures" for details of these items and reconciliations of non-gaap results to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap").
for 2021, revenues increased 13% to $28.59 billion from $25.29 billion in 2020, reflecting growth in all revenue streams. the increase was led by 64% higher streaming revenues, with growth across our streaming services, and an 11% increase in advertising revenues. the advertising revenue growth is principally the result of cbs' broadcasts of super bowl lv and ncaa division i men's basketball championship (the "ncaa tournament") games, which contributed 9-percentage points of the increase and for which there were no comparable broadcasts on cbs in 2020. we have the rights to broadcast the super bowl on a rotational basis with other networks, and the 2020 ncaa tournament was cancelled as a result of the coronavirus pandemic ("covid-19"). affiliate revenues grew 5%, driven by expanded distribution for our domestic cable networks and growth in fees received from television stations affiliated with the cbs television network ("reverse compensation"). licensing and other revenues also increased 5%, primarily reflecting a higher volume of licensing, including from the timing of program availabilities, partially offset by the benefit to the prior year from the licensing of the domestic streaming rights to south park. theatrical revenues were up 34%, as a result of a higher number of theatrical releases in 2021, reflecting the impact on 2020 from the closure or reduced capacity of movie theaters in response to covid-19.
operating income for 2021 increased 52% to $6.30 billion from $4.14 billion in 2020. this comparison was impacted by items identified as affecting comparability, including gains on sales in 2021 of $2.34 billion, principally reflecting gains on real estate sales of $2.23 billion; a gain on sale of $214 million in 2020; restructuring charges in each period; and in 2020, costs for other corporate matters, programming charges and impairment charges. adjusted oibda decreased 13%, as revenue growth was more than offset by higher costs, principally from an increased investment in our streaming services, the timing of production as the prior year was impacted by shutdowns as a result of covid-19, and the broadcast of noncomparable sporting events in 2021.
for 2021, net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and diluted eps from continuing operations increased 90% and 79%, respectively, from 2020. these comparisons were impacted by items identified as affecting comparability, including the aforementioned items impacting operating income, and in each period, a loss on extinguishment of debt, gains from investments, and discrete tax items. adjusted net earnings ii-4
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and adjusted diluted eps decreased 12% and 17%, respectively, reflecting lower adjusted oibda partially offset by the impact in the prior year from the noncontrolling interest's share of profit from the licensing of south park. additionally, diluted eps and adjusted diluted eps for 2021 were each impacted by the 2021 stock issuances discussed below, which negatively impacted reported diluted eps by $.26 and adjusted diluted eps by $.16.
stock offerings on march 26, 2021, we completed offerings of 20 million shares of our class b common stock at a price to the public of $85 per share and 10 million shares of 5.75% series a mandatory convertible preferred stock ("mandatory convertible preferred stock") at a price to the public and liquidation preference of $100 per share. the net proceeds from the class b common stock offering and the mandatory convertible preferred stock offering were approximately $1.67 billion and $983 million, respectively, in each case after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and estimated offering expenses. we have used and intend to continue to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including investments in streaming.
reconciliation of non-gaap measures results for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 included certain items identified as affecting comparability. adjusted oibda, adjusted earnings from continuing operations before income taxes, adjusted provision for income taxes, adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs, and adjusted diluted eps from continuing operations (together, the "adjusted measures") exclude the impact of these items and are measures of performance not calculated in accordance with gaap. we use these measures to, among other things, evaluate our operating performance. these measures are among the primary measures used by management for planning and forecasting of future periods, and they are important indicators of our operational strength and business performance. in addition, we use adjusted oibda to, among other things, value prospective acquisitions. we believe these measures are relevant and useful for investors because they allow investors to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by our management; provide a clearer perspective on our underlying performance; and make it easier for investors, analysts and peers to compare our operating performance to other companies in our industry and to compare our year-over-year results.
because the adjusted measures are measures of performance not calculated in accordance with gaap, they should not be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, operating income, earnings from continuing operations before income taxes, provision for income taxes, net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs or diluted eps from continuing operations, as applicable, as indicators of operating performance. these measures, as we calculate them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies.
ii-5
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
the following tables reconcile the adjusted measures to their most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with gaap.
year ended december 31,                                        2021                    2020
operating income (gaap)                                  $6,297                   $4,139
depreciation and amortization (a)                           390                      430
restructuring and other corporate matters (b)               100                      618
programming charges (b)                                       -                      159
net gain on sales (b)                                   (2,343)                    (214)
adjusted oibda (non-gaap)                                $4,444                   $5,132
(a) 2020 includes an impairment charge for fcc licenses of $25 million and accelerated depreciation of $12 million for technology that was abandoned in connection with synergy plans related to the merger of viacom inc. with and into cbs corporation (the "merger").
(b) see notes on the following tables for additional information on items affecting comparability.
year ended december 31, 2021
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes            provision for income taxes                                                    net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs            diluted eps from continuing operations reported (gaap)                                                                                                $5,206                                                               $(646)                                                                            $4,381                                                                         $6.69
items affecting comparability:
restructuring and other corporate matters (a)                                                                     100                                                               (25)                                                                                  75                                                    .11
net gain on sales (b)                                                                                         (2,343)                                                592                                                                                             (1,751)                                                                         (2.67)
gains from investments (c)                                                                                       (47)                                                11                                                                                                 (36)                                                                         (.05)
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                                    128                                                               (30)                                                                                  98                                                    .15
pension settlement charge (d)                                                                                      10                                                               (2)                                                                                    8                                                    .01
discrete tax items (e)                                                                                              -                                                               (517)                                                                              (517)                                                                         (.79)
impairment of equity-method investment,                                                                             -                                                               -                                                                                     34                                                    .05
net of tax impact of antidilution of mandatory convertible preferred stock (f)                                                 -                                                               -                                                                                      -                                                                         (.02)
adjusted (non-gaap)                                                                                            $3,054                                                               $(617)                                                                            $2,292                                                                         $3.48
(a) reflects severance costs associated with changes in management at certain of our businesses and the impairment of lease assets in connection with cost transformation initiatives related to the merger.
(b) primarily reflects gains on the sales of cbs studio center, 51 west 52nd street, an office tower that was formerly the headquarters of cbs ("51 west 52nd street"), and a noncore trademark licensing operation.
(c) primarily reflects a gain of $37 million on the sale of an investment and a gain of $9 million from an increase in the fair value of an investment that was sold during the third quarter of 2021.
(d) reflects the accelerated recognition of a portion of the unamortized actuarial losses due to the volume of lump sum benefit payments in one of our pension plans.
(e) primarily reflects a benefit of $260 million to remeasure our united kingdom ("u.k.") net deferred income tax asset as a result of the enactment of an increase in the u.k. corporate income tax rate from 19% to 25% beginning april 1, 2023, a benefit of $229 million from the recognition of a capital loss associated with a change in the tax entity classification of a foreign subsidiary, as well as a net tax benefit in connection with the settlement of income tax audits.
(f) the weighted average number of common shares outstanding used in the calculation of reported diluted eps from continuing operations were 655 million and in the calculation of adjusted diluted eps from continuing operations were 646 million. these amounts differ because adjusted diluted eps excludes the effect of the assumed conversion of our mandatory convertible preferred stock into shares of common stock since the impact would have been antidilutive. as a result, in the calculation of adjusted diluted eps, the weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding does not include the assumed issuance of shares upon conversion of preferred stock, and preferred stock dividends recorded during the year ended december 31, 2021 of $44 million are deducted from net earnings from continuing operations.
ii-6
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
year ended december 31, 2020
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes            provision for income taxes                                                    net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs            diluted eps from continuing operations reported (gaap)                                                                           $3,147                                                                  $(535)                                                                         $2,305                                                                         $3.73
items affecting comparability:
restructuring and other corporate matters (a)                                                618                                                                   (133)                                                                            485                                                    .79
impairment charge (b)                                                                         25                                                                     (6)                                                                             19                                                    .03
depreciation of abandoned technology (c)                                                      12                                                                     (3)                                                                              9                                                    .01
programming charges (d)                                                                      159                                                                    (39)                                                                            120                                                    .20
gain on sales (e)                                                                          (214)                                                31                                                                                                (183)                                                                         (.30)
net gains from investments (f)                                                             (206)                                                50                                                                                                (156)                                                                         (.25)
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                               126                                                                    (29)                                                                             97                                                    .16
discrete tax items (g)                                                                         -                                                                   (110)                                                                          (110)                                                                         (.18)
impairment of equity-method investment,                                                        -                                                                       -                                                                              9                                                    .01
net of tax adjusted (non-gaap)                                                                       $3,667                                                                  $(774)                                                                         $2,595                                                                         $4.20
(a) reflects severance, exit costs and other costs related to the merger and a charge to write down property and equipment that was classified as held for sale.
(b) reflects a charge to reduce the carrying values of fcc licenses in two markets to their fair values.
(c) reflects accelerated depreciation for technology that was abandoned in connection with synergy plans related to the merger.
(d) primarily related to the abandonment of certain incomplete programs resulting from production shutdowns related to covid-19.
(e) reflects a gain on the sale of cnet media group ("cmg").
(f) primarily reflects an increase in the value of our investment in fubotv, inc. ("fubotv"), which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2020.
(g) primarily reflects a benefit from the remeasurement of our u.k. net deferred income tax asset as a result of an increase in the u.k. corporate income tax rate from 17% to 19% enacted during the third quarter of 2020.
consolidated results of operations - 2021 vs. 2020
revenues beginning in the first quarter of 2021, we changed the categories we use to disaggregate revenues to include streaming revenues in order to align with management's increased focus on this revenue stream. streaming revenues are comprised of streaming advertising and streaming subscription revenues. streaming advertising revenues are earned from advertisements on our pay and free streaming services, including paramount+ and pluto tv, and from digital video advertisements on our websites and in our video content on third-party platforms ("other digital video platforms"). streaming subscription revenues include fees for our pay streaming services, including paramount+, showtime networks' premium subscription streaming service ("showtime ott"), bet+ and noggin, as well as premium subscriptions to access certain video content on our websites. accordingly, our advertising and affiliate revenue categories exclude revenues earned by our streaming services and on other digital video platforms. the prior year has been reclassified to conform to this presentation.
ii-7
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
revenues by type                                                     % of total                                                  % of total                                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2021                            revenues                    2020                            revenues                                        $              %
advertising (a)                  $9,267                      32   %                           $8,333                     33   %                             $934                            11    %
affiliate (b)                     8,394                      29                                8,023                     32                                  371                             5
streaming                         4,193                      15                                2,561                     10                                1,632                            64
theatrical                          241                       1                                  180                      1                                   61                            34
licensing and other               6,491                      23                                6,188                     24                                  303                             5
total revenues                  $28,586                     100   %                          $25,285                    100   %                           $3,301                            13    %
(a) excludes streaming advertising revenues.
(b) excludes streaming subscription revenues.
advertising advertising revenues are generated primarily from the sale of advertising spots on our global broadcast and cable networks and television stations. for 2021, the 11% increase in advertising revenues was driven by the benefit in 2021 from cbs' broadcasts of super bowl lv and ncaa tournament games for which there were no comparable broadcasts on cbs in 2020, and an improved advertising market, driven by higher pricing and demand, compared with 2020, which was negatively impacted by covid-19. we have the rights to broadcast the super bowl and the national semi-finals and championship games of the ncaa tournament on a rotational basis with other networks, including in 2021. additionally, while we share the games in the preceding rounds of the ncaa tournament with turner broadcasting system, inc. ("turner") each year, covid-19 caused the cancellation of the ncaa tournament in 2020. these noncomparable sporting events contributed 9-percentage points of the advertising revenue increase for 2021. the above-mentioned increases were partially offset by lower linear impressions for our domestic networks; lower political advertising sales, reflecting the benefit to 2020 from the u.s. presidential election; and the absence of cmg as a result of its sale in the fourth quarter of 2020, which negatively impacted the comparison by 1-percentage point.
in march 2021, we reached an agreement with the national football league ("nfl") to extend our rights to broadcast american football conference (afc) regular season and post-season games, which include wildcard, divisional playoff and championship games, on the cbs television network and to stream these games live on paramount+. the contract begins with the 2023 season and extends through the 2033 season, and includes the rights to the super bowl in 2024, 2028 and 2032, as well as certain expanded rights across our networks and platforms. the nfl has a one-time right to terminate the agreement after the 2029 season.
in 2022, the advertising revenue comparison will be negatively impacted by the absence of the super bowl and semi-finals and championship games of the ncaa tournament, which will be carried by other networks, reflecting the above-mentioned rotational nature of the rights to broadcast these tentpole sporting events. however, comparability in 2022 will benefit from higher political advertising revenues, mainly in the second half of the year, driven by mid-term elections.
affiliate affiliate revenues are principally comprised of fees received from multichannel video programming distributors ("mvpds") and third-party live television streaming services ("virtual mvpds" or "vmvpds") for carriage of our cable networks ("cable affiliate fees"), reverse compensation, and fees for authorizing the mvpds' and vmvpds' carriage of our owned television stations ("retransmission fees"). for 2021, affiliate revenues increased 5% as a result of growth in reverse compensation and retransmission fee revenues; and higher cable affiliate fees, reflecting the benefit from the launch of our basic cable networks in june 2020 and april 2021 on two vmvpds, ii-8
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
rate increases, and revenues from pay-per-view boxing events, partially offset by the impact of subscriber declines.
streaming streaming revenues by type                                                                                 increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                   2021   2020                                                         $              %
advertising                         $2,145                   $1,418                    $727                            51    %
subscription                         2,048                    1,143      905                                           79
total streaming revenues            $4,193                   $2,561                  $1,632                            64    %
for 2021, streaming advertising revenues grew 51% driven by higher advertising on our streaming services, pluto tv and paramount+, as well as growth on our other digital video platforms. global monthly active users ("maus"), which reflect the number of unique devices interacting with the pluto tv service in a calendar month, increased 21.3 million to 64.4 million for december 2021 from 43.1 million for december 2020.
streaming subscription revenues increased 79% reflecting subscriber growth, which was led by paramount+, which benefited from film releases, including a quiet place part ii and paw patrol: the movie; new original scripted dramas, including 1883 and mayor of kingstown; nfl games; and launches in international markets. revenue growth also benefited from subscriber increases for showtime ott and bet+. global streaming subscribers increased 26.2 million to 56.1 million at december 31, 2021 from 29.9 million at december 31, 2020. global streaming subscribers include customers with access to our domestic or international streaming services, either directly through our owned and operated apps and websites, or through third-party distributors. our subscribers include paid subscriptions and those customers registered in a free trial, and subscribers are considered unique to each of our services, whether offered individually or as part of a bundle.
theatrical theatrical revenues are principally earned from the worldwide theatrical distribution of films through audience ticket sales. for 2021, the 34% increase in theatrical revenues reflects the benefit from current year releases including a quiet place part ii and paw patrol: the movie, while the prior year was impacted by the closure or reduced capacity of movie theaters in response to covid-19, following the release of sonic the hedgehog in the first quarter of 2020, and throughout the remainder of the year.
licensing and other licensing and other revenues are principally comprised of fees from the licensing of the rights to exhibit our internally-produced television and film programming on various platforms in the secondary market after its initial exhibition on our owned or third-party platforms; license fees from content produced for third parties; home entertainment revenues, which include revenues from the viewing of our content on a transactional basis through transactional video-on-demand (tvod) and electronic sell-through services, and the sale and distribution of our content through dvds and blu-ray discs to wholesale and retail partners; fees from the use of our trademarks and brands for consumer products, recreation and live events; fees from the distribution of third-party programming; and revenues from the rental of production facilities. for 2021, licensing and other revenues increased 5%, reflecting a higher volume of licensing, including from the timing of program availabilities as a result of production shutdowns in 2020 because of covid-19, and increased licensing for consumer products. these increases were partially offset by the benefit to the prior year from the licensing of the domestic streaming rights to south park.
ii-9
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
operating expenses
% of                                                        % of operating expenses by type                                                  operating                                                   operating                                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                      2021                            expenses                    2020                            expenses                                        $              %
production and programming            $12,672                      71   %                          $10,204                     68   %                           $2,468                            24    %
participations and residuals            2,031                      12                                1,729                     12                                  302                            17
programming charges                         -                       -                                  159                      1                                (159)                                n/m distribution and other                  3,041                      17                                2,900                     19                                  141                             5
total operating expenses              $17,744                     100   %                          $14,992                    100   %                           $2,752                            18    %
n/m - not meaningful production and programming production and programming expenses reflect the amortization of costs of internally-produced television and theatrical film content; amortization of acquired program rights; and other television production costs, including on-air talent. for 2021, the increase of 24% was primarily a result of an increased investment in content for our streaming services; the timing of production, as the prior year was impacted by shutdowns as a result of covid-19; and higher sports programming costs, principally associated with noncomparable sporting events.
participations and residuals participation and residual costs primarily include expenses relating to amounts owed to talent and other participants in our content pursuant to contractual and collective bargaining arrangements. for 2021, participation and residual costs increased 17% primarily as a result of the increase in licensing revenues in 2021 as well as the mix of titles licensed in each year.
programming charges during 2020, we recorded programming charges of $159 million primarily related to the abandonment of certain incomplete programs resulting from production shutdowns related to covid-19.
distribution and other distribution and other operating expenses primarily include costs relating to the distribution of our content, including print and advertising for theatrical releases and costs paid to third-party distributors; compensation; revenue-sharing costs to television stations affiliated with the cbs television network; and other ancillary and overhead costs associated with our operations. for 2021, the 5% increase was a result of cost increases associated with the growth of our streaming services.
selling, general and administrative expenses increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                     2021   2020                    $                               %
selling, general and administrative expenses          $6,398                   $5,320      $1,078           20                       %
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses include expenses incurred for selling and marketing costs, occupancy, professional service fees and back office support, including employee compensation. the 20% increase in sg&a expenses was driven by advertising, marketing and other cost increases to support the growth ii-10
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
and expansion of our streaming services, including the launch of paramount+. the increase also reflects higher advertising and marketing costs to promote the increased level of original programming in 2021.
depreciation and amortization increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                    2021   2020                  $                             %
depreciation and amortization          $390                   $430      $(40)                         (9)       %
depreciation and amortization expense reflects depreciation of fixed assets, including transponders and equipment under finance leases, amortization of finite-lived intangible assets, and impairment of fixed and intangible assets, when applicable. for 2020, amortization expense included an impairment charge of $25 million in the tv entertainment segment to write down the carrying values of fcc licenses in two markets to their fair values and accelerated depreciation of $12 million resulting from the abandonment of technology in connection with synergy plans related to the merger.
restructuring and other corporate matters during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, we recorded the following costs associated with restructuring and other corporate matters.
year ended december 31,                                2021                  2020
severance                                           $65                   $472
exit costs and other                                 35                     70
restructuring charges                               100                    542
merger-related costs                                  -                     56
other corporate matters                               -                     20
restructuring and other corporate matters          $100                   $618
during the year ended december 31, 2021, we recorded restructuring charges of $100 million. these charges include $65 million of severance costs, including the accelerated vesting of stock-based compensation, primarily associated with changes in management at certain of our businesses. the charges also include $35 million for the impairment of lease assets that we determined we will not use and began actively marketing for sublease. this determination was made in connection with cost-transformation initiatives related to the merger. the impairment is the result of a decline in market conditions since inception of these leases and reflects the difference between the estimated fair values, which were determined based on the expected discounted future cash flows of the lease assets, and the carrying values.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded restructuring charges of $542 million, associated with cost-transformation initiatives in connection with the merger in an effort to reduce redundancies across our businesses. these charges consisted of severance costs, including the accelerated vesting of stock-based compensation, as well as costs resulting from the termination of contractual obligations and charges associated with the exit of leases. in addition, in 2020 we incurred costs of $56 million in connection with the merger, consisting of professional fees mainly associated with integration activities, as well as transaction-related bonuses. we also incurred costs of $5 million for professional fees associated with dispositions and other corporate matters, and we recorded a charge of $15 million to write down property and equipment, which was classified as held for sale in 2020, to its fair value less costs to sell.
ii-11
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
net gain on sales during 2021, we completed the sale of 51 west 52nd street to harbor group international, llc, for $760 million. this transaction resulted in a pre-tax gain during the fourth quarter of 2021 of $523 million.
also in 2021, we completed the sale of cbs studio center to hackman capital partners, llc and square mile capital management, llc for $1.85 billion. this transaction resulted in a pre-tax gain during the fourth quarter of 2021 of $1.70 billion.
in addition, during 2021 we recognized a pre-tax net gain of $117 million, principally relating to the sale of a noncore trademark licensing operation.
in 2020, we completed the sale of cmg to red ventures for $484 million. this transaction resulted in a pre-tax gain of $214 million.
interest expense and interest income increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2021   2020                      $                             %
interest expense                 $(986)                   $(1,031)      $(45)                         (4)       %
interest income                     $53                        $60      $(7)                          (12)      %
the following table presents our outstanding debt balances, excluding finance leases, and the weighted average interest rate as of december 31, 2021 and 2020:
weighted average                                            weighted average at december 31,                        2021   interest rate                       2020                    interest rate total long-term debt            $17,658       4.93                %                          $19,612      4.80                %
other bank borrowings               $35       3.50                %                              $95      3.50                %
net gains from investments increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,               2021   2020                  $                               %
net gains from investments         $47                   $206      $(159)                          (77)      %
for 2021, net gains from investments primarily include a gain of $37 million on the sale of an investment and a gain of $9 million from an increase in the fair value of a marketable security that was sold during the third quarter of 2021. for 2020, net gains from investments primarily reflect an increase of $213 million in the fair value of our investment in fubotv, which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2020.
loss on extinguishment of debt for 2021 and 2020, we recorded losses on extinguishment of debt of $128 million and $126 million, respectively, associated with the early redemption of long-term debt of $1.99 billion for 2021 and $2.77 billion for 2020.
ii-12
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
other items, net the following table presents the components of other items, net.
year ended december 31,                                2021                    2020
pension and postretirement benefit costs          $(43)                    $(69)
foreign exchange losses                            (26)                     (35)
pension settlement charge (a)                      (10)                        -
other                                                 2                        3
other items, net                                  $(77)                   $(101)
(a) reflects the accelerated recognition of a portion of the unamortized actuarial losses due to the volume of lump sum benefit payments in one of our pension plans.
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes represents federal, state and local, and foreign taxes on earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in loss of investee companies. for 2021, we recorded a provision for income taxes of $646 million, reflecting an effective income tax rate of 12.4%. included in the provision for income taxes was a discrete tax benefit of $517 million, which includes a benefit of $260 million to remeasure our u.k. net deferred income tax asset as a result of the enactment during the second quarter of an increase in the u.k. corporate income tax rate from 19% to 25% beginning april 1, 2023, a benefit of $229 million from the recognition of a capital loss associated with a change in the tax entity classification of a foreign subsidiary, as well as a net tax benefit in connection with the settlement of income tax audits. the discrete tax benefit of $517 million, together with a net tax provision of $546 million on the items identified as affecting comparability in reconciliation of non-gaap measures, which principally include net gains on sales, reduced our effective income tax rate by 7.8 percentage points.
for 2020, we recorded a provision for income taxes of $535 million, reflecting an effective income tax rate of 17.0%. included in the provision for income taxes was a discrete tax benefit of $110 million, primarily consisting of a benefit of $100 million to remeasure our u.k. net deferred income tax asset as a result of an increase in the u.k. corporate income tax rate from 17% to 19% enacted during the third quarter of 2020, as well as a tax benefit of $13 million realized in connection with the preparation of the 2019 tax returns. these items, together with a net tax benefit of $129 million on the items identified as affecting comparability in reconciliation of non-gaap measures, including restructuring and other corporate matters, programming charges, loss on extinguishment of debt and net gains from investments, reduced our effective income tax rate by 4.1 percentage points.
equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax the following table presents equity in loss of investee companies for our equity-method investments.
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                  2021                           2020            $                                        %
equity in loss of investee companies                     $(140)                     $(47)               $(93)                           (198)    %
tax benefit                                              49                            19      30                      158
equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax         $(91)                      $(28)               $(63)                           (225)    %
for 2021 and 2020, equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax includes impairment charges of $34 million and $9 million, respectively, relating to television joint ventures.
ii-13
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests year ended december 31,                                     2021          2020
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests       $(88)                  $(279)
for 2020, net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily reflects our joint venture partners' share of profit from the licensing of the domestic streaming rights to south park to a streaming service.
net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and diluted eps from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                                 2021   2020                    $                               %
net earnings from continuing operations attributable to           $4,381                   $2,305      $2,076           90                       %
viacomcbs diluted eps from continuing operations attributable to             $6.69                    $3.73      $2.96            79                       %
viacomcbs for 2021, net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and diluted eps from continuing operations increased 90% and 79%, respectively, primarily driven by the above-mentioned gains on sales of $1.75 billion, net of tax, and higher discrete tax benefits in 2021. the diluted eps comparison also includes the effect of higher weighted average shares outstanding as a result of stock issuances in the first quarter of 2021, which negatively impacted eps for 2021 by $.26.
net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax during the fourth quarter of 2020, we entered into an agreement to sell our publishing business, simon & schuster, to penguin random house llc ("penguin random house"), a wholly owned subsidiary of bertelsmann se & co. kgaa (see legal matters). simon & schuster is presented as a discontinued operation in our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented.
the following tables set forth details of net earnings from discontinued operations for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020.
year ended december 31, 2021                                                      simon &amp; schuster                          other (a)                  total revenues                                                                      $993                                     $-                               $993
costs and expenses:
operating                                                                      618                                   (16)                                602
selling, general and administrative                                            158                                      -                                158
depreciation and amortization                                                    3                                      -                                  3
restructuring charges                                                            1                                      -                                  1
total costs and expenses                                                       780                                   (16)                                764
operating income                                                               213                                     16                                229
other items, net                                                              (10)                                      -                               (10)
earnings from discontinued operations                                          203                                     16                                219
income tax provision                                                          (46)                                   (11)                               (57)
net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax                         $157                                     $5                               $162
ii-14
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
year ended december 31, 2020                                                      simon &amp; schuster                          other (a)                  total revenues                                                                      $901                                     $-                               $901
costs and expenses:
operating                                                                      573                                   (19)                                554
selling, general and administrative                                            172                                      -                                172
depreciation and amortization                                                    5                                      -                                  5
restructuring charges                                                           10                                      -                                 10
total costs and expenses                                                       760                                   (19)                                741
operating income                                                               141                                     19                                160
other items, net                                                               (5)                                      -                                (5)
earnings from discontinued operations                                          136                                     19                                155
income tax provision                                                          (34)                                    (4)                               (38)
net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax                         $102                                    $15                               $117
(a) primarily relates to indemnification obligations for leases associated with the previously discontinued operations of famous players inc.
segments in 2021, we operated through the following three segments:
tv entertainment: tv entertainment consisted of the cbs television network, our domestic broadcast network; cbs studios and cbs media ventures, the segment's television production and syndication operations; cbs sports network, cbs sports' 24-hour cable channel; cbs stations, our owned broadcast television stations; and a number of streaming services, including our direct-to-consumer streaming service, paramount+ (in the united states) and several cbs-branded streaming services, including cbs news streaming and cbs sports hq. tv entertainment's revenues were generated primarily from advertising; affiliate revenues, comprised of reverse compensation and retransmission fees; streaming revenues, principally comprised of advertising and subscription revenues generated by the segment's streaming services and from digital video advertisements on our websites and in our video content on third-party platforms; and the licensing and distribution of content.
cable networks: cable networks consisted of a portfolio of premium and basic cable networks, including showtime, bet, nickelodeon, mtv, comedy central, paramount network, and smithsonian channel; a number of direct-to-consumer streaming services, including pluto tv, our free advertising-supported streaming television service, showtime ott, noggin, and bet+; and viacomcbs networks international, which operates international extensions of paramount+, pluto tv and our cable networks brands and services, our international free-to-air networks (including network 10, channel 5 and telefe) and viacomcbs international studios. cable networks' revenues were generated primarily from affiliate revenues, comprised of fees from mvpds and vmvpds for carriage of our cable networks; advertising; streaming revenues, principally comprised of advertising and subscription revenues generated by the segment's streaming services and from digital video advertisements on our websites and in our video content on third-party platforms; and the licensing of our content and other rights.
filmed entertainment: filmed entertainment consisted of paramount pictures, paramount players, paramount animation, paramount television studios, and miramax. filmed entertainment's revenues were generated primarily from the release or distribution of films theatrically; transactional home entertainment; the licensing of film and television product to streaming services, including paramount+, broadcast and cable networks, and other digital services; and other ancillary activities.
ii-15
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
during the fourth quarter of 2020, we entered into an agreement to sell simon & schuster, which was previously reported as the publishing segment. simon & schuster is presented as a discontinued operation in our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented.
beginning in 2022, primarily as a result of our increased strategic focus on our direct-to-consumer businesses, we made certain changes to how we manage our businesses and allocate resources that resulted in a change to our operating segments. accordingly, beginning in the first quarter of 2022, we will report results based on the following segments:
tv media: tv media consists of our historical tv entertainment and cable networks segments, except that it no longer includes their corresponding direct-to-consumer streaming services (now part of our direct-to-consumer segment) and nickelodeon studio (now part of our filmed entertainment segment), and now includes paramount television studios (formerly part of our historical filmed entertainment segment).
direct-to-consumer: direct-to-consumer consists of our portfolio of free, premium and pay streaming services, including paramount+, pluto tv, showtime ott, bet+ and noggin.
filmed entertainment: filmed entertainment consists of our historical filmed entertainment segment, except that it no longer includes paramount television studios (now part of our tv media segment), and now includes nickelodeon studio (formerly part of our historical cable networks segment).
we present operating income excluding depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, costs for restructuring and other corporate matters, programming charges and net gain on sales, each where applicable ("adjusted oibda"), as the primary measure of profit and loss for our operating segments in accordance with financial accounting standards board guidance for segment reporting. we believe the presentation of adjusted oibda is relevant and useful for investors because it allows investors to view segment performance in a manner similar to the primary method used by our management and enhances their ability to understand our operating performance. stock-based compensation is excluded from our segment measure of profit and loss because it is set and approved by our board of directors in consultation with corporate executive management. stock-based compensation is included as a component of our consolidated adjusted oibda. the reconciliation of adjusted oibda to our consolidated net earnings is presented in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.
segment results of operations - 2021 vs. 2020
% of total                                                  % of total                                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2021                            revenues   2020                                             revenues                                        $              %
revenues:
tv entertainment                $12,931                      45   %                          $10,700                     42   %                           $2,231                            21    %
cable networks                   14,200                      50                               12,589                     50                                1,611                            13
filmed entertainment              3,070                      11                                2,562                     10                   508                                           20
eliminations                    (1,615)                     (6)                                (566)                    (2)                              (1,049)                         (185)
total revenues                  $28,586                     100   %                          $25,285                    100   %                           $3,301                            13    %
ii-16
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                  2021                    2020                                        $              %
adjusted oibda:
tv entertainment                                   $1,083                   $1,857                  $(774)                          (42)    %
cable networks                                      3,747                    3,746                       1                             -
filmed entertainment                                  368                      215                     153                            71
corporate/eliminations                              (582)                    (500)                    (82)                          (16)
stock-based compensation                            (172)                    (186)                      14                             8
total adjusted oibda                                4,444                    5,132                   (688)                          (13)
depreciation and amortization                       (390)                    (430)                      40                             9
restructuring and other corporate matters           (100)                    (618)                     518                            84
programming charges                                     -                    (159)                     159                                n/m net gain on sales                                   2,343                      214                   2,129                                n/m total operating income                             $6,297                   $4,139                  $2,158                            52    %
n/m - not meaningful increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                          2021                  2020                                      $              %
depreciation and amortization:
tv entertainment                             $126                   $162                 $(36)                          (22)    %
cable networks                                191                    205                  (14)                           (7)
filmed entertainment                           38                     36                     2        6
corporate                                      35                     27                     8        30
total depreciation and amortization          $390                   $430                 $(40)                           (9)    %
tv entertainment increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2021                    2020                                        $              %
advertising (a)                  $5,377                   $4,639                    $738                            16    %
affiliate (b)                     2,803                    2,614                     189                             7
streaming                         1,551                      911                     640                            70
licensing and other               3,200                    2,536                     664                            26
revenues                        $12,931                  $10,700                  $2,231                            21    %
adjusted oibda                   $1,083                   $1,857                  $(774)                          (42)    %
(a) excludes streaming advertising revenues.
(b) excludes streaming subscription revenues.
revenues for 2021, revenues increased 21%, reflecting growth across all revenue streams, led by increased advertising revenues, including from cbs' broadcasts of tentpole sporting events for which there were no comparable broadcasts in 2020, higher licensing revenues and growth at paramount+.
advertising the 16% increase in advertising revenues was driven by cbs' broadcasts in 2021 of sporting events for which there were no comparable broadcasts in the prior year, including super bowl lv and ncaa tournament games.
ii-17
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
we have the rights to broadcast the super bowl and the national semi-finals and championship games of the ncaa tournament on a rotational basis with other networks, including in 2021. additionally, while we share the games in the preceding rounds of the ncaa tournament with turner each year, covid-19 caused the cancellation of the ncaa tournament in 2020. the increase also reflects an improved advertising market, driven by higher pricing and demand, compared with 2020, which was negatively impacted by covid-19, and a higher level of original programming broadcast in 2021. these increases were partially offset by lower ratings for the cbs television network, lower political advertising and a 2-percentage point unfavorable impact from the absence of advertising revenues from cmg, which was sold during the fourth quarter of 2020.
in 2022, the advertising revenue comparison will be negatively impacted by the absence of the super bowl and semi-finals and championship games of the ncaa tournament, which will be carried by other networks, reflecting the above-mentioned rotational nature of the rights to broadcast tentpole sporting events. however, comparability in 2022 will benefit from higher political advertising revenues, mainly in the second half of the year, driven by mid-term elections.
affiliate affiliate revenues increased 7%, as a result of growth in reverse compensation and retransmission fee revenues.
streaming streaming revenues increased 70%, primarily reflecting subscriber growth at paramount+, as well as advertising growth from paramount+ and other digital video platforms.
licensing and other licensing and other revenues increased 26%, driven by the timing of program availabilities, primarily from the impact of production shutdowns in 2020 due to covid-19, and a higher volume of domestic licensing, including the benefit from current year licensing arrangements for ncis, bull and several library titles. the increase also reflects higher licensing to cable networks, driven by licensing to pluto tv and to paramount+ internationally. the increase was partially offset by the absence of ancillary revenues from cmg.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda decreased 42% primarily reflecting our increased investment in paramount+, including higher content and marketing costs.
ii-18
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
cable networks increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2021   2020                                                         $              %
advertising (a)                  $3,907                   $3,721                    $186                             5    %
affiliate (b)                     5,591                    5,409                     182                             3
streaming                         2,642                    1,650                     992                            60
licensing and other               2,060                    1,809                     251                            14
revenues                        $14,200                  $12,589                  $1,611                            13    %
adjusted oibda                   $3,747                   $3,746                      $1                             -    %
(a) excludes streaming advertising revenues.
(b) excludes streaming subscription revenues.
revenues for 2021, revenues increased 13%, reflecting growth across all revenue streams, led by higher streaming revenues.
advertising the 5% increase in advertising revenues was driven by higher international advertising, reflecting an improved advertising market, which benefited from the comparison against the impact in 2020 from covid-19, the acquisition in 2021 of chilevisión, and the impact of foreign exchange rate changes. taken together, the acquisition and foreign exchange rate changes contributed 2-percentage points of the growth in total advertising revenue. domestic advertising also benefited from an improved advertising market, reflecting higher pricing and demand, but declined compared with the prior year as a result of lower linear impressions for our cable networks.
affiliate the 3% growth in affiliate revenues was primarily driven by the benefit from the launch of our basic cable networks in june 2020 and april 2021 on two vmvpds, increases in rates, and revenues from pay-per-view boxing events, partially offset by the impact from subscriber declines.
streaming the 60% increase in streaming revenues was driven by advertising revenue growth from our free streaming service, pluto tv, and other digital video platforms, as well as growth in subscribers for our subscription streaming services. subscriber growth was driven by showtime ott, bet+ and our international streaming services, including the benefit from the launch of paramount+ in several international markets.
licensing and other the 14% increase in licensing and other revenues was driven by higher revenues from the licensing of programming to streaming services, primarily paramount+, and for consumer products, partially offset by the domestic licensing of south park in the prior year.
ii-19
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda remained substantially flat as growth from advertising, affiliate, and streaming revenues was offset by higher content and marketing costs and lower profits from content licensing, reflecting the mix of titles licensed in each year.
filmed entertainment increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2021   2020                                                       $              %
theatrical                         $241                     $180                   $61                            34    %
licensing and other               2,829                    2,382      447                                         19
revenues                         $3,070                   $2,562                  $508                            20    %
adjusted oibda                     $368                     $215                  $153                            71    %
revenues for 2021, revenues increased 20% reflecting growth in licensing revenues and theatrical revenues.
theatrical the 34% increase in theatrical revenues reflects the benefit from current year releases including a quiet place part ii and paw patrol: the movie while the prior year was impacted by the closure or reduced capacity of movie theaters in response to covid-19, following the release of sonic the hedgehog in the first quarter of 2020, and throughout the remainder of the year.
licensing and other the 19% increase in licensing and other revenues was driven by the licensing of current year releases, including coming 2 america, tom clancy's without remorse and halloween kills to third parties, and infinite, the spongebob movie: sponge on the run and rumble to paramount+, while licensing in the prior year was impacted by the above-mentioned impact from covid-19.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda increased 71%, primarily the result of higher profits associated with the licensing of films.
fluctuations in results for the filmed entertainment segment may occur as a result of the timing of the recognition of distribution costs, including print and advertising, which are generally incurred before and throughout the theatrical release of a film, while the revenues for the respective film are recognized as earned through the film's theatrical exhibition and distribution to other platforms.
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash we project anticipated cash requirements for our operating, investing and financing needs as well as cash flows expected to be generated and available to meet these needs. our operating needs include, among other items, expenditures for content for our broadcast and cable networks and streaming services, including television and film programming, sports rights, and talent contracts, as well as advertising and marketing costs to promote our content and platforms; payments for leases, interest, and income taxes, and pension funding obligations. our ii-20
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
investing and financing spending includes capital expenditures, investments and acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends and principal payments on our outstanding indebtedness. we believe that our operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, borrowing capacity under our $3.50 billion credit facility described below, as well as access to capital markets are sufficient to fund our operating, investing and financing requirements for the next twelve months.
our funding for short-term and long-term obligations, including our long-term debt obligations (see note 10), as well as our long term operating commitments, including for programming and talent (see note 20) and lease obligations (see note 11), will come primarily from cash flows from operating activities, proceeds from non-core asset sales, including the planned sale of simon & schuster described below, as well as our ability to refinance our debt. we also increased our liquidity position with the proceeds from our first quarter 2021 stock offerings described below, and the fourth quarter sales of 51 west 52nd street for $760 million, and cbs studio center for $1.85 billion. any additional cash funding requirements are financed with short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, and long-term debt. to the extent that commercial paper is not available to us, the credit facility provides sufficient capacity to satisfy short-term borrowing needs. we routinely assess our capital structure and opportunistically enter into transactions to lower our interest expense, which could result in a charge from the early extinguishment of debt.
during 2020, we entered into an agreement to sell simon & schuster for $2.175 billion in cash, and expect to use proceeds from the sale to invest in our strategic growth priorities, including in streaming, as well as to fund dividends and pay down debt. on november 2, 2021, the u.s. department of justice filed suit to block the sale. the purchase agreement contains commitments on the part of the purchaser to take all necessary steps to obtain any required regulatory approvals and to defend any litigation that would delay or prevent consummation, and also provides for a termination fee payable to us in certain circumstances in the event the transaction does not close for regulatory reasons (see legal matters).
on march 26, 2021, we completed offerings of 20 million shares of our class b common stock at a price to the public of $85 per share and 10 million shares of 5.75% series a mandatory convertible preferred stock at a price to the public and liquidation preference of $100 per share. the net proceeds from the class b common stock offering and the mandatory convertible preferred stock offering were approximately $1.67 billion and $983 million, respectively, in each case after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and estimated offering expenses. we have used and intend to continue to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including investments in streaming.
if declared, dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock are payable quarterly through april 1, 2024. dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock accumulate from the most recent dividend payment date, and will be payable on a cumulative basis when, as and if declared by our board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, at an annual rate of 5.75% of the liquidation preference of $100 per share, payable in cash or, subject to certain limitations, by delivery of shares of class b common stock or through any combination of cash and shares of class b common stock, at our election.
our access to capital markets can be impacted by factors outside our control, including economic conditions; however, we believe that our strong cash flows and balance sheet, our credit facility and our credit rating will provide us with adequate access to funding for our expected cash needs. the cost of any new borrowings are affected by market conditions and short and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to access capital markets on terms and conditions that will be favorable to us.
ii-21
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
at december 31, 2021, we had $2.36 billion of remaining availability under our share repurchase program. any share repurchases under the program are expected to be funded by cash flows from operations and, as appropriate, with short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, and/or the issuance of long-term debt.
cash flows the changes in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash were as follows:
increase/ (decrease)
year ended december 31,                                                          2021                    2020                                    2021 vs. 2020
net cash flow provided by operating activities from:
continuing operations                                                        $835                   $2,215                        $(1,380)
discontinued operations                                                       118                       79                              39
net cash flow provided by operating activities                                953                    2,294                         (1,341)
net cash flow provided by (used for) investing activities from:
continuing operations                                                       2,402                       63                           2,339
discontinued operations                                                       (7)                      (7)                               -
net cash flow provided by investing activities                              2,395                       56                           2,339
net cash flow used for financing activities                                 (152)                     (90)                            (62)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                 (48)                       25                            (73)
net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                 $3,148                   $2,285                            $863
operating activities.  the decrease in cash flow provided by operating activities from continuing operations was mainly driven by increased investment in our streaming services, including spending for content, advertising and marketing, and a higher level of production in 2021 as a result of production shutdowns in 2020 due to covid-19. the decrease was partially offset by higher collections and lower payments for restructuring, merger-related costs and costs to achieve synergies, as well as lower payments for income taxes. payments for restructuring, merger-related costs and costs to achieve synergies included in cash flow provided by operating activities were $294 million and $584 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively.
cash paid for income taxes from continuing operations decreased to $291 million for 2021 from $411 million for 2020 primarily due to a higher volume of production incentives received, lower adjusted earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and a higher deduction associated with the exercise and vesting of stock-based compensation, partially offset by higher tax payments associated with gains from dispositions, primarily from the sale of cbs studio center in 2021.
cash flow provided by operating activities from discontinued operations reflects the operating activities of simon & schuster.
ii-22
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
investing activities year ended december 31,                                                                   2021                  2020
investments (a)                                                                     $(193)                  $(59)
capital expenditures (b)                                                             (354)                  (324)
acquisitions, net of cash acquired (c)                                                (54)                  (147)
proceeds from dispositions (d)                                                       3,028                    593
other investing activities                                                            (25)                      -
net cash flow provided by investing activities from continuing operations            2,402                     63
net cash flow used for investing activities from discontinued operations               (7)                    (7)
net cash flow provided by investing activities                                      $2,395                    $56
(a) primarily includes our investment in the cw.
(b) includes payments for costs to achieve synergies of $68 million and $40 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(c) 2021 reflects the acquisitions of chilevisión, a free-to-air television channel, and a controlling interest in fox telecolombia & estudios telemexico, a spanish language content producer. 2020 primarily reflects the acquisition of miramax, a global film and television studio.
(d) 2021 primarily reflects proceeds received from the sales of cbs studio center and 51 west 52nd street. 2021 also includes proceeds received from the sale of our investment in fubotv during the fourth quarter of 2020, and proceeds received from the sales of a noncore trademark licensing operation and other investments. 2020 reflects the sales of cmg and marketable securities.
financing activities year ended december 31,                                                                         2021                    2020
repayments of short-term debt borrowings, net                                                 $-                   $(706)
proceeds from issuance of senior notes                                                         -                    4,375
repayment of long-term debt                                                              (2,230)                  (2,901)
dividends paid on preferred stock                                                           (30)                        -
dividends paid on common stock                                                             (617)                    (600)
proceeds from issuance of preferred stock                                                    983                        -
proceeds from issuance of common stock                                                     1,672                        -
purchase of company common stock                                                               -                     (58)
payment of payroll taxes in lieu of issuing shares for stock-based compensation            (110)                     (93)
proceeds from exercise of stock options                                                      408                        5
payments to noncontrolling interests                                                       (235)                     (59)
other financing activities                                                                     7                     (53)
net cash flow used for financing activities                                               $(152)                    $(90)
dividends we declared a quarterly cash dividend on our class a and class b common stock during each of the quarters of 2021 and 2020. during each of the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, we declared total per share dividends of $.96, resulting in total annual dividends of $625 million and $601 million, respectively. on december 19, 2019, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of $.24 per share on our class a and class b common stock, resulting in total dividends of $150 million. prior to the merger, viacom and cbs each declared a quarterly cash dividend during each of the first three quarters of 2019. during the first three quarters of 2019, cbs declared total per share dividends of $.54, resulting in total dividends of $205 million. during the first three quarters of 2019, viacom declared total per share dividends of $.60, resulting in total dividends of $245 million.
ii-23
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
during each of the third and fourth quarters of 2021, we declared quarterly cash dividends of $1.4375 per share on our mandatory convertible preferred stock. during the second quarter of 2021, we declared a cash dividend of $1.5493 per share on our mandatory convertible preferred stock, representing a dividend period from march 26, 2021 through july 1, 2021. accordingly, we recorded dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock of $44.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2021.
on february 10, 2022, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of $.24 per share on our class a and class b common stock, payable on april 1, 2022. at the same time, we also declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.4375 per share on our mandatory convertible preferred stock, payable on april 1, 2022.
capital structure the following table sets forth our debt.
at december 31,                                             2021                    2020
senior debt (2.250%-7.875% due 2022-2050)            $16,501                  $18,455
junior debt (5.875% and 6.250% due 2057)               1,157                    1,157
other bank borrowings                                     35                       95
obligations under finance leases                          16                       26
total debt (a)                                        17,709                   19,733
less current portion of long-term debt                    11                       16
total long-term debt, net of current portion         $17,698                  $19,717
(a)    at december 31, 2021 and 2020, the senior and junior subordinated debt balances included (i) a net unamortized discount of $466 million and $491 million, respectively, and (ii) unamortized deferred financing costs of $95 million and $107 million, respectively. the face value of our total debt was $18.27 billion at december 31, 2021 and $20.33 billion at december 31, 2020.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, we redeemed senior notes totaling $1.99 billion, prior to maturity, for an aggregate redemption price of $2.11 billion resulting in a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of debt of $128 million.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we issued $4.50 billion of senior notes and used the net proceeds from these issuances for the redemption of long-term debt totaling $2.77 billion, prior to maturity, for an aggregate redemption price of $2.88 billion, as well as for general corporate purposes. the early redemption resulted in a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2020 of $126 million.
our 5.875% junior subordinated debentures due february 2057 and 6.25% junior subordinated debentures due february 2057 accrue interest at the stated fixed rates until february 28, 2022 and february 28, 2027, respectively, on which dates the rates will switch to floating rates based on three-month libor plus 3.895% and 3.899%, respectively, reset quarterly. these debentures can be called by us at any time after the expiration of the fixed-rate period. in january 2022, we delivered notice that we will be calling our 5.875% junior subordinated debentures due february 2057 in full on february 28, 2022.
the subordination, interest deferral option and extended term of the junior subordinated debentures provide significant credit protection measures for senior creditors and, as a result of these features, the debentures received a 50% equity credit by standard & poor's rating services and fitch ratings inc., and a 25% equity credit by moody's investors service, inc.
ii-24
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
the interest rate payable on our 3.45% senior notes due october 2026, will be subject to adjustment from time to time if moody's investor services, inc. or s&p global ratings downgrades (or downgrades and subsequently upgrades) the credit rating assigned to these senior notes. the interest rate on these senior notes would increase by 0.25% upon each credit agency downgrade up to a maximum of 2.00%, and would similarly be decreased for subsequent upgrades. at december 31, 2021, the outstanding principal amount of these senior notes was $124 million.
some of our outstanding notes and debentures provide for certain covenant packages typical for an investment grade company. there is an acceleration trigger for the majority of the notes and debentures in the event of a change in control under specified circumstances coupled with ratings downgrades due to the change in control, as well as certain optional redemption provisions for our junior debentures.
commercial paper at both december 31, 2021 and 2020, we had no outstanding commercial paper borrowings.
credit facility at december 31, 2021, we had a $3.50 billion revolving credit facility with a maturity in january 2025 (the "credit facility"). the credit facility is used for general corporate purposes and to support commercial paper borrowings, if any. we may, at our option, also borrow in certain foreign currencies up to specified limits under the credit facility. borrowing rates under the credit facility are determined at the time of each borrowing and are generally based on either the prime rate in the u.s. or an applicable benchmark rate plus a margin (based on our senior unsecured debt rating), depending on the type and tenor of the loans entered. during the fourth quarter of 2021, the credit facility was amended to replace libor as the benchmark rate for loans denominated in euros, sterling and yen with euribor, sonia and tibor-based rates, respectively, as publication of all non-usd libor tenors has been discontinued after december 31, 2021. the credit facility has one principal financial covenant that requires our consolidated total leverage ratio to be less than 4.5x (which we may elect to increase to 5.0x for up to four consecutive quarters following a qualified acquisition) at the end of each quarter. the consolidated total leverage ratio reflects the ratio of our consolidated indebtedness at the end of a quarter, to our consolidated ebitda (each as defined in the amended credit agreement) for the trailing twelve-month period. we met the covenant as of december 31, 2021. on february 14, 2022, we further amended our credit facility to modify the definition of the consolidated total leverage ratio in the amended credit agreement to allow unrestricted cash and cash equivalents to be netted against consolidated indebtedness through june 2024.
at december 31, 2021, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and the remaining availability under the credit facility, net of outstanding letters of credit, was $3.50 billion.
other bank borrowings at december 31, 2021 and 2020, we had bank borrowings under miramax's $300 million credit facility, which matures in april 2023, of $35 million and $95 million, respectively, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.50%.
critical accounting policies the preparation of our financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates, ii-25
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
which are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. the result of these evaluations forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported amount of revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions.
we consider the following accounting policies to be the most critical as they are important to our financial condition and results of operations, and require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in their application. the risks and uncertainties involved in applying our critical accounting policies are provided below. unless otherwise noted, we applied our critical accounting policies and estimation methods consistently in all material respects and for all periods presented, and have discussed such policies with our audit committee. for a summary of our significant accounting policies, see the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition revenue is recognized when control of a good or service is transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. significant judgments used in the determination of the amount and timing of revenue recognition include the identification of distinct performance obligations in contracts containing bundled advertising sales and content licenses, and the allocation of consideration among individual performance obligations within these arrangements based on their relative standalone selling prices.
advertising revenues-advertising revenues are recognized when the advertising spots are aired on television or streamed or displayed on digital platforms. if a contract includes a guarantee to deliver a targeted audience rating or number of impressions, the delivery of the advertising spots that achieve the guarantee represents the performance obligation to be satisfied over time and revenues are recognized based on the proportion of the audience rating or impressions delivered to the total guaranteed in the contract. to the extent the amounts billed exceed the amount of revenue recognized, such excess is deferred until the guaranteed audience ratings or impressions are delivered. for contracts that do not include impressions guarantees, the individual advertising spots are the performance obligation and consideration is allocated among the individual advertising spots based on relative standalone selling price.
affiliate revenues-the performance obligation for our affiliate agreements is a license to our programming provided through the continuous delivery of live linear feeds and, for agreements with mvpds and vmvpds, also includes a license to programming for video on demand viewing. affiliate revenues are recognized over the term of the agreement as we satisfy our performance obligation by continuously providing our customer with the right to use our programming. for agreements that provide for a variable fee, revenues are determined each month based on an agreed upon contractual rate applied to the number of subscribers to our customer's service. for agreements that provide for a fixed fee, revenues are recognized based on the relative fair value of the content provided over the term of the agreement. these agreements primarily include agreements with television stations affiliated with the cbs television network ("network affiliates") for which fair value is determined based on the fair value of the network affiliate's service and the value of our programming.
ii-26
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
content licensing revenues-for licenses of exhibition rights for internally-produced programming, each individual episode or film delivered represents a separate performance obligation and revenues are recognized when the episode or film is made available to the licensee for exhibition and the license period has begun. for license agreements that include delivery of content on one or more dates for a fixed fee, consideration is allocated based on the relative standalone selling price of each episode or film, which is based on licenses for comparable content within the marketplace. estimation of standalone selling prices requires judgment, which can impact the timing of recognizing revenues.
film and television production and programming costs costs incurred to produce television programs and feature films are capitalized when incurred and amortized over the projected life of each television program or feature film. the costs incurred to acquire television series and feature film programming rights, including advances, are capitalized when the license period has begun and the program is accepted and available for airing. the costs of programming rights licensed under multi-year sports programming agreements are capitalized if the rights payments are made before the related economic benefit has been received. acquired programming rights, including rights for sports programming, are expensed over the shorter of the license period or the period in which an economic benefit is expected to be derived.
for internally-produced television programs and feature films that are predominantly monetized on an individual basis, we use an individual-film-forecast computation method to amortize capitalized production costs and to accrue estimated liabilities for participations and residuals over the applicable title's life cycle based upon the ratio of current period revenues to estimated remaining total gross revenues to be earned ("ultimate revenues") for each title. management's judgment is required in estimating ultimate revenues and the costs to be incurred throughout the life of each television program or feature film. these estimates are used to determine the timing of amortization of capitalized production costs and expensing of participation and residual costs.
for television programming, our estimate of ultimate revenues includes revenues to be earned within 10 years from the delivery of the first episode, or, if still in production, five years from the delivery of the most recent episode, if later. these estimates are based on the past performance of similar television programs in a market, the performance in the initial markets and future firm commitments to license programs.
for feature films, our estimate of ultimate revenues includes revenues from all sources that are estimated to be earned within 10 years from the date of a film's initial release. prior to the release of feature films, we estimate ultimate revenues based on the historical performance of similar content and pre-release market research (including test market screenings), as well as factors relating to the specific film, including the expected number of theaters and markets in which the original content will be released, the genre of the original content and the past box office performance of the lead actors and actresses. for films intended for theatrical release, we believe the performance during the theatrical exhibition is the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenues as subsequent markets have historically exhibited a high correlation to theatrical performance. upon a film's initial release, we update our estimate of ultimate revenues based on actual and expected future performance. our estimates of revenues from succeeding windows and markets are revised based on historical relationships to theatrical performance and an analysis of current market trends. we also review and revise estimates of ultimate revenue and participation costs as of each reporting date to reflect the most current available information.
for acquired film libraries, our estimate of ultimate revenues is for a period within 20 years from the date of acquisition.
ii-27
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
for programming that is predominantly monetized as part of a film group, which includes our acquired programming rights and certain internally-produced television programs, capitalized costs are amortized based on an estimate of the timing of our usage of and benefit from such programming. such estimates require management's judgement and include consideration of factors such as expected revenues to be derived from the programming, the expected number of future airings, and, for acquired programming, the length of the license period. if initial airings are expected to generate higher revenues, an accelerated method of amortization is used. these estimates are periodically reviewed and updated based on information available throughout the contractual term or life of each program.
for content that is predominantly monetized on an individual basis, a television program or feature film is tested for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that its fair value may be less than its unamortized cost. if the result of the impairment test indicates that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment charge will then be recorded for the amount of the difference. content that is predominantly monetized within a film group is assessed for impairment at the film group level and would similarly be tested for impairment if circumstances indicate that the fair value of the content within the film group is less than its amortized costs. in addition, unamortized costs for internally-produced or acquired programming that have been substantively abandoned are written off.
goodwill and intangible assets impairment test we perform fair value-based impairment tests of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, comprised primarily of television fcc licenses, on an annual basis and also between annual tests if an event occurs or if circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value.
fcc licenses-fcc licenses are tested for impairment at the geographic market level. we consider each geographic market, which is comprised of all of our television stations within that geographic market, to be a single unit of accounting because the fcc licenses at this level represent their highest and best use. at december 31, 2021, we had 14 television markets with fcc license book values.
for our annual impairment test, we perform qualitative assessments for each television market that we estimate has an aggregate fair value of fcc licenses that significantly exceed their respective carrying values. additionally, we consider the duration of time since a quantitative test was performed. for the 2021 annual impairment test, we performed qualitative assessments for 11 of our television markets. for each market, we weighed the relative impact of market-specific and macroeconomic factors. the market-specific factors considered include recent projections by geographic market from both independent and internal sources for revenue and operating costs, as well as average market share. we also considered the macroeconomic impact on discount rates and growth rates. based on the qualitative assessments, considering the aggregation of the relevant factors, we concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair values of the fcc licenses in each of these television markets are less than their respective carrying values. therefore, performing a quantitative impairment test on these markets was unnecessary.
we performed a quantitative impairment test for the fcc licenses in the remaining three markets. the impairment tests indicated that the estimated fair values of fcc licenses in two of the markets exceeded their respective carrying values by more than 20% and the fair value of the fcc license in one of the markets exceeded its carrying value of $157 million by 9%.
the quantitative impairment test of fcc licenses calculates an estimated fair value using the greenfield discounted cash flow method, which values a hypothetical start-up station in the relevant market by adding ii-28
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
discounted cash flows over a five-year build-up period to a residual value. the assumptions for the build-up period include industry projections of overall market revenues; the start-up station's operating costs and capital expenditures, which are based on both industry and internal data; and average market share. the discount rate is determined based on the industry and market-based risk of achieving the projected cash flows, and the residual value is calculated using a long-term growth rate, which is based on projected long-range inflation and industry projections.
the estimated fair values of fcc licenses are highly dependent on the assumptions of future economic conditions in the individual geographic markets in which we own and operate television stations. certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, higher cost of capital, or a decline in the local television advertising marketplace could result in a downward revision to our current assumptions and judgments. various factors may contribute to a future decline in an advertising marketplace including declines in economic conditions; an other-than-temporary decrease in spending by advertisers in certain industries that have historically represented a significant portion of television advertising revenues in that market; a shift by advertisers to competing advertising platforms; changes in consumer behavior; and/or a change in population size. a downward revision to the present value of future cash flows could result in impairment and a noncash charge would be required.  such a charge could have a material effect on the consolidated statement of operations and consolidated balance sheet.
goodwill-goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is an operating segment, or one level below. at december 31, 2021, we had four reporting units. for the 2021 annual impairment test, we tested two reporting units as of august 31 and two reporting units as of october 31. during the fourth quarter of 2021, to better align the timing of our annual impairment date with our budgeting cycle, we changed the date for the annual impairment test to october 31 for all reporting units. as a result, those two reporting units previously tested as of august 31 were also tested as of october 31 based on a qualitative assessment resulting in no changes to the conclusion below.
for our annual impairment test, we perform qualitative assessments for each reporting unit that we estimate has an aggregate fair value that significantly exceed its respective carrying values. additionally, we consider the duration of time since a quantitative test was performed. for the 2021 annual impairment test, we performed qualitative assessments for two of our reporting units. for each of these two reporting units, we weighed the relative impact of factors that are specific to the reporting unit as well as industry and macroeconomic factors. the reporting unit specific factors that were considered included actual and expected financial performance and changes to the reporting units' carrying amounts since the most recent impairment tests. for each industry in which the reporting units operate, we considered growth projections from independent sources and significant developments or transactions within the industry. we also determined that the impact of macroeconomic factors on the discount rates and growth rates used for the most recent impairment tests would not significantly affect the fair value of the reporting units and that the lower tax rate from a tax law change enacted since the most recent quantitative tests would positively impact the fair value of the reporting units. based on the qualitative assessments, considering the aggregation of the relevant factors, we concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of these two reporting units is higher than their respective carrying amounts and therefore performing quantitative impairment tests was unnecessary.
for the 2021 annual impairment test, we elected to perform quantitative impairment tests for two reporting units: cbs television and cbs interactive, because of the amount of time that has elapsed since the previous quantitative tests. the quantitative goodwill impairment test evaluates whether the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value. for cbs television, we estimated the fair value of the reporting unit based on the present value of future cash flows ("discounted cash flow method") and the traded or transaction values ii-29
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
of comparable businesses ("guideline public company method"). the discounted cash flow method requires us to make various assumptions regarding the timing and amount of future cash flows, including growth rates, operating margins and capital expenditures for a projection period, plus the terminal value of the business at the end of the projection period. the assumptions about future cash flows are based on our internal forecasts of the reporting unit, which incorporates our long-term business plans and historical trends. the terminal value is estimated based on a perpetual nominal growth rate, which is based on historical and projected inflation and economic indicators, as well as industry growth projections. a discount rate is determined for the reporting unit based on the risks of achieving the future cash flows, including risks applicable to the industry and market as a whole, as well as the capital structure of comparable entities. for 2021, we utilized a discount rate of 10% and a terminal growth rate of 1.5%. the guideline public company method incorporates revenue and earnings multiples from publicly traded companies with operations and other characteristics similar to each reporting unit. the selected multiples consider each reporting unit's relative growth, profitability, size, and risk relative to the selected publicly traded companies. for cbs interactive, we estimated the fair value of the reporting unit based on the guideline public company method. based on the results of the 2021 quantitative impairment tests, we concluded that the estimated fair value of each of the two reporting units significantly exceeded their respective carrying values and therefore no impairment charge was required.
certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, higher cost of capital, a decline in the advertising market, a shift by advertisers to competing advertising platforms, changes in consumer behavior and/or a decrease in audience acceptance of our content could result in changes to our assumptions and judgments used in the goodwill impairment tests. a downward revision of these assumptions could cause the fair values of the reporting units to fall below their respective carrying values and a noncash impairment charge would be required. such a charge could have a material effect on the consolidated statement of operations and consolidated balance sheet.
legal matters estimates of liabilities related to legal issues and discontinued businesses, including asbestos and environmental matters, require significant judgments by management. we record an accrual for a loss contingency when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and when the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. we continually evaluate these estimates based on changes in the relevant facts and circumstances and events that may impact estimates. while we believe that our accrual for matters related to our predecessor operations, including environmental and asbestos, are adequate, there can be no assurance that circumstances will not change in future periods. it is difficult to predict future asbestos liabilities as events and circumstances may impact the estimate of our liabilities. our liability estimate is based upon many factors, including the number of outstanding claims, estimated average cost per claim, the breakdown of claims by disease type, historic claim filings, costs per claim of resolution and the filing of new claims, as well as consultation with a third party firm on trends that may impact our future asbestos liability.
pensions pension benefit obligations and net periodic pension costs are calculated using many actuarial assumptions. two key assumptions used in accounting for pension liabilities and expenses are the discount rate and expected rate of return on plan assets. the discount rate is determined based on the yield on a portfolio of high quality bonds, constructed to provide cash flows necessary to meet our pension plans' expected future benefit payments, as determined for the accumulated benefit obligation. the expected return on plan assets assumption is derived using the current and expected asset allocation of the pension plan assets and considering historical as well as expected returns on various classes of plan assets. as of december 31, 2021, changes in actuarial assumptions resulted in a slight decrease to accumulated other comprehensive loss compared with the prior year-end due to an increase in ii-30
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
the discount rate, which was mostly offset by the unfavorable performance of pension plan assets. a 25 basis point change in the discount rate would result in an estimated change to the accumulated benefit obligation of approximately $136 million and would have an insignificant impact on 2022 pension expense. a decrease in the expected rate of return on plan assets would increase pension expense. the estimated impact of a 25 basis point change in the expected rate of return on plan assets is a change of approximately $8 million to 2022 pension expense.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in both the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes and evaluating our income tax positions.  when recording an interim worldwide provision for income taxes, an estimated effective tax rate for the year is applied to interim operating results.  in the event there is a significant or unusual item recognized in the quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is separately calculated and recorded in the same quarter. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and their respective tax basis. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be reversed. we evaluate the realizability of deferred tax assets and establish a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.
a number of years may elapse before a tax return containing tax matters for which a reserve has been established is audited and finally resolved. for positions taken in a previously filed tax return or expected to be taken in a future tax return, we evaluate each position to determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is subject to a measurement assessment to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the consolidated statement of operations and the appropriate reserve to establish, if any. if a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold a tax reserve is established and no benefit is recognized. we evaluate our uncertain tax positions quarterly based on many factors, including, changes in tax laws and interpretations, information received from tax authorities, and other changes in facts and circumstances. our income tax returns are routinely audited by u.s. federal and state as well as foreign tax authorities. while it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter, we believe that the reserve for uncertain tax positions of $301 million at december 31, 2021 is properly recorded.
legal matters general on an ongoing basis, we vigorously defend ourselves in numerous lawsuits and proceedings and respond to various investigations and inquiries from federal, state, local and international authorities (collectively, "litigation''). litigation may be brought against us without merit, is inherently uncertain and always difficult to predict. however, based on our understanding and evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances, we believe that the following matters are not likely, in the aggregate, to result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
litigation relating to the merger beginning on february 20, 2020, three purported cbs stockholders filed separate derivative and/or putative class action lawsuits in the court of chancery of the state of delaware. on march 31, 2020, the court consolidated the three lawsuits and appointed bucks county employees' retirement fund and international union of operating ii-31
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
engineers of eastern pennsylvania and delaware as co-lead plaintiffs for the consolidated action. on april 14, 2020, the lead plaintiffs filed a verified consolidated class action and derivative complaint (as used in this paragraph, the "complaint") against shari e. redstone, nai, sumner m. redstone national amusements trust, members of the cbs board of directors (comprised of candace k. beinecke, barbara m. byrne, gary l. countryman, brian goldner, linda m. griego, robert n. klieger, martha l. minow, susan schuman, frederick o. terrell and strauss zelnick), former cbs president and acting chief executive officer joseph ianniello and the company as nominal defendant. the complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties to cbs stockholders in connection with the negotiation and approval of the agreement and plan of merger dated as of august 13, 2019, as amended on october 16, 2019 (the "merger agreement"). the complaint also alleges waste and unjust enrichment in connection with mr. ianniello's compensation. the complaint seeks unspecified damages, costs and expenses, as well as other relief. on june 5, 2020, the defendants filed motions to dismiss. on january 27, 2021, the court dismissed one disclosure claim, while allowing all other claims against the defendants to proceed. discovery on the surviving claims is proceeding. we believe that the remaining claims are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously.
beginning on november 25, 2019, four purported viacom stockholders filed separate putative class action lawsuits in the court of chancery of the state of delaware. on january 23, 2020, the court consolidated the four lawsuits. on february 6, 2020, the court appointed california public employees' retirement system ("calpers") as lead plaintiff for the consolidated action. on february 28, 2020, calpers, together with park employees' and retirement board employees' annuity and benefit fund of chicago and louis m. wilen, filed a first amended verified class action complaint (as used in this paragraph, the "complaint") against nai, nai entertainment holdings llc, shari e. redstone, the members of the special transaction committee of the viacom board of directors (comprised of thomas j. may, judith a. mchale, ronald l. nelson and nicole seligman) and our president and chief executive officer and director, robert m. bakish. the complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties to viacom stockholders in connection with the negotiation and approval of the merger agreement. the complaint seeks unspecified damages, costs and expenses, as well as other relief. on may 22, 2020, the defendants filed motions to dismiss. on december 29, 2020, the court dismissed the claims against mr. bakish, while allowing the claims against the remaining defendants to proceed. discovery on the surviving claims is proceeding. we believe that the remaining claims are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously.
investigation-related matters as announced on august 1, 2018, the cbs board of directors retained two law firms to conduct a full investigation of the allegations in press reports about cbs' former chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer, leslie moonves, cbs news and cultural issues at cbs. on december 17, 2018, the cbs board of directors announced the completion of its investigation, certain findings of the investigation and the cbs board of directors' determination, with respect to the termination of mr. moonves' employment. we have received subpoenas or requests for information from the new york county district attorney's office, the new york city commission on human rights, the new york state attorney general's office and the united states securities and exchange commission regarding the subject matter of this investigation and related matters, including with respect to cbs' related public disclosures. we may continue to receive additional related regulatory and investigative inquiries from these and other entities in the future. we are cooperating with these inquiries.
on august 27, 2018 and on october 1, 2018, gene samit and john lantz, respectively, filed putative class action lawsuits in the united states district court for the southern district of new york, individually and on behalf of others similarly situated, for claims that are similar to those alleged in the amended complaint described below. on november 6, 2018, the court entered an order consolidating the two actions. on november 30, 2018, the ii-32
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
court appointed construction laborers pension trust for southern california as the lead plaintiff of the consolidated action. on february 11, 2019, the lead plaintiff filed a consolidated amended putative class action complaint against cbs, certain current and former senior executives and members of the cbs board of directors. the consolidated action is stated to be on behalf of purchasers of cbs class a common stock and class b common stock between september 26, 2016 and december 4, 2018. this action seeks to recover damages arising during this time period allegedly caused by the defendants' purported violations of the federal securities laws, including by allegedly making materially false and misleading statements or failing to disclose material information, and seeks costs and expenses as well as remedies under sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the securities exchange act of 1934 and rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. on april 12, 2019, the defendants filed motions to dismiss this action, which the court granted in part and denied in part on january 15, 2020. with the exception of one statement made by mr. moonves at an industry event in november 2017, in which he allegedly was acting as the agent of cbs, all claims as to all other allegedly false and misleading statements were dismissed. we have reached an agreement in principle with the plaintiffs to settle the lawsuit. the settlement, which will include no admission of liability or wrongdoing by the company, will be subject to court approval. all amounts payable by the company under the settlement will be paid by the company's insurers.
litigation related to television station owners on september 9, 2019, the company was added as a defendant in a multi-district putative class action lawsuit filed in the united states district court for the northern district of illinois. the lawsuit was filed by parties that claim to have purchased broadcast television spot advertising beginning on or about january 1, 2014 on television stations owned by one or more of the defendant television station owners and alleges the sharing of allegedly competitively sensitive information among such television stations in alleged violation of the sherman antitrust act. the action, which names the company among fourteen total defendants, seeks monetary damages, attorneys' fees, costs and interest as well as injunctions against the allegedly unlawful conduct. on october 8, 2019, the company and other defendants filed a motion to dismiss the matter, which was denied by the court on november 6, 2020. we have reached an agreement in principle with the plaintiffs to settle the lawsuit. the settlement, which will include no admission of liability or wrongdoing by the company, will be subject to court approval.
litigation related to stock offerings on august 13, 2021, camelot event driven fund filed a putative securities class action lawsuit in new york supreme court, county of new york, and on november 5, 2021, an amended complaint was filed that, among other changes, added an additional named plaintiff (the "complaint"). the complaint is purportedly on behalf of investors who purchased shares of the company's class b common stock and 5.75% series a mandatory convertible preferred stock pursuant to public securities offerings completed in march 2021, and was filed against the company, certain senior executives, members of our board of directors, and the underwriters involved in the offerings. the complaint asserts violations of federal securities law and alleges that the offering documents contained material misstatements and omissions, including through an alleged failure to adequately disclose certain total return swap transactions involving archegos capital management referenced to our securities and related alleged risks to the company's stock price. on december 22, 2021, the plaintiffs filed a stipulation seeking the voluntary dismissal without prejudice of the outside director defendants from the lawsuit, which the court subsequently ordered. on the same date, the defendants filed motions to dismiss the lawsuit, which are pending. the complaint seeks unspecified compensatory damages, as well as other relief. we believe that the claims are without merit and intend to defend against them vigorously.
litigation related to the proposed sale of simon & schuster on november 2, 2021, the u.s. department of justice (the "doj") filed suit in the united states district court for the district of columbia to block our sale of the simon & schuster business to penguin random house (the ii-33
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
"transaction") pursuant to a share purchase agreement ("purchase agreement"), dated november 24, 2020, between the company, certain of its subsidiaries, penguin random house and bertelsmann se & co. kgaa. the doj asserts that the sale of simon & schuster would reduce competition for the acquisition of titles. the purchase agreement contains customary representations and warranties and covenants, including commitments on the part of penguin random house to take all necessary steps to obtain any required regulatory approvals and to defend any litigation that would delay or prevent consummation, and also provides for a termination fee payable to the company in certain circumstances in the event the transaction does not close for regulatory reasons. we and the other defendants believe the doj's claims are without merit, and we intend to defend against them vigorously.
claims related to former businesses: asbestos we are a defendant in lawsuits claiming various personal injuries related to asbestos and other materials, which allegedly occurred as a result of exposure caused by various products manufactured by westinghouse, a predecessor, generally prior to the early 1970s. westinghouse was neither a producer nor a manufacturer of asbestos. we are typically named as one of a large number of defendants in both state and federal cases. in the majority of asbestos lawsuits, the plaintiffs have not identified which of our products is the basis of a claim. claims against us in which a product has been identified most commonly relate to allegations of exposure to asbestos-containing insulating material used in conjunction with turbines and electrical equipment.
claims are frequently filed and/or settled in groups, which may make the amount and timing of settlements, and the number of pending claims, subject to significant fluctuation from period to period. we do not report as pending those claims on inactive, stayed, deferred or similar dockets that some jurisdictions have established for claimants who allege minimal or no impairment. as of december 31, 2021, we had pending approximately 27,770 asbestos claims, as compared with approximately 30,710 as of december 31, 2020 and 30,950 as of december 31, 2019. during 2021, we received approximately 3,050 new claims and closed or moved to an inactive docket approximately 5,990 claims. we report claims as closed when we become aware that a dismissal order has been entered by a court or when we have reached agreement with the claimants on the material terms of a settlement. settlement costs depend on the seriousness of the injuries that form the basis of the claims, the quality of evidence supporting the claims and other factors. our total costs for the years 2021 and 2020 for settlement and defense of asbestos claims after insurance recoveries and net of tax were approximately $63 million and $35 million, respectively. our costs for settlement and defense of asbestos claims may vary year to year and insurance proceeds are not always recovered in the same period as the insured portion of the expenses.
filings include claims for individuals suffering from mesothelioma, a rare cancer, the risk of which is allegedly increased by exposure to asbestos; lung cancer, a cancer which may be caused by various factors, one of which is alleged to be asbestos exposure; other cancers, and conditions that are substantially less serious, including claims brought on behalf of individuals who are asymptomatic as to an allegedly asbestos-related disease. the predominant number of pending claims against us are non-cancer claims. it is difficult to predict future asbestos liabilities, as events and circumstances may impact the estimate of our asbestos liabilities, including, among others, the number and types of claims and average cost to resolve such claims. we record an accrual for a loss contingency when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and when the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. we believe that our accrual and insurance are sufficient to cover our asbestos liabilities. our liability estimate is based upon many factors, including the number of outstanding claims, estimated average cost per claim, the breakdown of claims by disease type, historic claim filings, costs per claim of resolution and the filing of new claims, as well as consultation with a third party firm on trends that may impact our future asbestos liability.
ii-34
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
other from time to time we receive claims from federal and state environmental regulatory agencies and other entities asserting that we are or may be liable for environmental cleanup costs and related damages principally relating to our historical and predecessor operations. in addition, from time to time we receive personal injury claims including toxic tort and product liability claims (other than asbestos) arising from our historical operations and predecessors.
market risk we are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates and use derivative financial instruments to manage this exposure. in accordance with our policy, we do not use derivative instruments unless there is an underlying exposure and, therefore, we do not hold or enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes.
foreign exchange risk we conduct business in various countries outside the u.s., resulting in exposure to movements in foreign exchange rates when translating from the foreign local currency to the u.s. dollar. in order to hedge anticipated cash flows in currencies such as the british pound, the euro, the canadian dollar and the australian dollar, foreign currency forward contracts, for periods generally up to 24 months, are used. additionally, we designate forward contracts used to hedge committed and forecasted foreign currency transactions, including future production costs and programming obligations, as cash flow hedges. gains or losses on the effective portion of designated cash flow hedges are initially recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to the statement of operations when the hedged item is recognized. additionally, we enter into non-designated forward contracts to hedge non-u.s. dollar denominated cash flows. the change in fair value of the non-designated contracts is included in "other items, net" on the consolidated statements of operations. we manage the use of foreign exchange derivatives centrally.
at december 31, 2021 and 2020, the notional amount of all foreign currency contracts was $1.94 billion and $1.27 billion, respectively. for 2021, $1.38 billion related to future production costs and $564 million related to our foreign currency balances and other expected foreign currency cash flows. for 2020, $740 million related to future production costs and $529 million related to our foreign currency balances and other expected foreign currency cash flows.
interest risk interest rates on future long-term debt issuances are exposed to risk related to movements in long-term interest rates. interest rate hedges may be used to modify this exposure at our discretion. there were no interest rate hedges outstanding at december 31, 2021 or 2020 but in the future we may use derivatives to manage our exposure to interest rates.
at december 31, 2021, the carrying value of our outstanding notes and debentures was $17.66 billion and the estimated fair value was $21.5 billion. a 1% increase or decrease in interest rates would decrease or increase the fair value of our notes and debentures by approximately $1.62 billion and $2.64 billion, respectively.
credit risk we continually monitor our positions with, and credit quality of, the financial institutions that are counterparties to our financial instruments. we are exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the agreements. however, we do not anticipate nonperformance by the counterparties.
ii-35
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
our receivables do not represent significant concentrations of credit risk at december 31, 2021 or 2020, due to the wide variety of customers, markets and geographic areas to which our products and services are sold.
related parties see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
recently adopted accounting pronouncements and accounting pronouncements not yet adopted see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
