item 1a.       risk factors this section describes the material risks to our business, which should be considered carefully in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the sec. investors should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and that the following is pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. additionally, our business is subject to general risks applicable to any company, such as economic conditions, geopolitical events, extreme weather and natural disasters. if known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, our business operations, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings could be adversely affected now and in the future, potentially in a material way. the following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements, as discussed in the forward-looking information and factors that may affect future results section in this form 10-k.
risks related to our business, industry and operations:
managed care trends private payers, such as health plans, and other managed care entities, such as pbms, continue to take action to manage the utilization and costs of drugs. the negotiating power of mcos and other private third-party payers has increased due to consolidation, and they, along with governments, increasingly employ formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs, including through the use of formulary inclusion or favorable formulary placement. these initiatives have increased consumers' interest and input in medication choices, as they pay for a larger portion of their prescription costs and may cause them to favor lower-cost generic alternatives. we may fail to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement of our products, or fail to obtain such formulary placement at favorable pricing.
the growing availability and use of innovative specialty pharmaceutical medicines that treat rare or life-threatening conditions, which typically have smaller patient populations, combined with their relative higher cost as compared to other types of pharmaceutical products, also has generated increased payer interest in developing cost-containment strategies targeted to this sector.
third-party payers also use additional measures such as new-to-market blocks, exclusion lists, indication-based pricing and value-based pricing/contracting to improve their cost containment efforts. such payers are also increasingly imposing utilization management tools, such as clinical protocols, requiring prior authorization for a branded product if a generic product is available or requiring the patient to first fail on one or more generic products before permitting access to a branded medicine. as the u.s. private third-party payer market consolidates further and as more drugs become available in generic form, we may face greater pricing pressure from private third-party payers as they continue to drive more of their patients to use lower cost generic alternatives.
also, business arrangements in this area are subject to a high degree of government scrutiny, and available safe harbors under applicable federal and state fraud and abuse laws are subject to change through legislative and regulatory action, as well as evolving judicial interpretations. our approach to these arrangements may also be informed by such government and industry guidance.
competitive products competitive product launches may erode future sales of our products, including our existing products and those currently under development, or result in unanticipated product obsolescence. such launches continue to occur, and potentially competitive products are in various stages of development. we cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products that treat diseases and conditions like those treated by our in-line products and product candidates.
in addition, competition from manufacturers of generic drugs, including from generic versions of competitors' branded products that lose their market exclusivity, is a major challenge for our branded products. certain of our products have experienced significant generic competition over the last few years. for additional information, see the item 1. business-patents and other intellectual property rights section in this form 10-k. in china, we expect to continue to face intense competition by certain generic manufacturers, which may result in price cuts and volume loss of some of our products.
in addition, our patented products may face generic competition before patent exclusivity expires, including upon the "at-risk" launch (despite pending patent infringement litigation against the generic product) by a manufacturer of a generic version of one of our patented products. generic manufacturers have filed applications with the fda seeking approval of product candidates that they claim do not infringe our patents or claim that our patents are not valid; these include candidates that would compete with, among other products, ibrance and xeljanz. our licensing and collaboration partners also face challenges by generic drug manufacturers to patents covering products for which we have licenses or co-promotion rights.
we may become subject to competition from biosimilars referencing our biologic products if competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for such biosimilars.
we also commercialize biosimilar products that compete with products of others, including other biosimilar products. the entry to the market of competing biosimilars is expected to increase pricing pressures on our biosimilar products. uptake of our biosimilars may be lower due to various factors, such as anti-competitive practices, access challenges where our product may not receive appropriate coverage/reimbursement access or remains in a disadvantaged position relative to an innovator product, physician reluctance to prescribe biosimilars for existing patients taking the innovative product, or misaligned financial incentives.
for additional information on competition our products face, see the item 1. business-competition section in this form 10-k.
concentration we recorded direct product and/or alliance revenues of more than $1 billion for each of nine products that collectively accounted for 75% of our total revenues in 2021. in particular, comirnaty/bnt162b2 accounted for 45% of our total revenues in 2021. for additional information, see notes 1 and 17. if these products or any of our other major products were to experience loss of patent protection (if applicable), changes in prescription or vaccination growth rates, material product liability litigation, unexpected side effects or safety concerns, regulatory proceedings, negative publicity affecting doctor or patient confidence, pressure from existing competitive products, changes in labeling, pricing and access pressures or supply shortages or if a new, more effective product should be introduced, the adverse impact on our revenues could be significant. in particular, certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and patents covering a number of our best-selling products are, or have been, the subject of pending legal challenges. for additional information on our patents, see the item 1. business-patents and other intellectual property rights section in this form 10-k. for comirnaty/bnt162b2 and pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k paxlovid, while we believe that these products have the potential to provide ongoing revenue streams for pfizer for the foreseeable future, revenues of these products following the covid-19 pandemic may not be at the similar levels as those being generated during the pandemic. for information on additional risks associated with comirnaty/bnt162b2 and paxlovid, see the covid-19 pandemic section below.
in addition, we sell our prescription pharmaceutical products principally through wholesalers in the u.s. for additional information, see note 17c. if one of our significant biopharmaceutical wholesalers should encounter financial or other difficulties, it might decrease the amount of business the wholesaler does with us and/or we might be unable to timely collect all the amounts that the wholesaler owes us or at all, which could negatively impact our results of operations. in addition, we expect that consolidation and integration of pharmacy chains and wholesalers will increase competitive and pricing pressures on pharmaceutical manufacturers, including us.
research and development the discovery and development of new products, as well as the development of additional uses for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our business. our product lines must be replenished over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share, as well as to provide for earnings growth, primarily through internal r&d or through collaborations, acquisitions, jvs, licensing or other arrangements. growth depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs and receive reimbursement from payers. however, balancing current growth, investment for future growth and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. the costs of product development continue to be high, as are regulatory requirements in many therapeutic areas, which may affect the number of candidates we are able to fund as well as the sustainability of the r&d portfolio. decisions made early in the development process of a drug or vaccine candidate can have a substantial impact on the marketing strategy and payer reimbursement possibilities if the candidate receives regulatory approval. we try to plan clinical trials prudently and to reasonably anticipate and address challenges, but there is no assurance that an optimal balance between trial conduct, speed and desired outcome will be achieved.
additionally, our product candidates can fail at any stage of the r&d process, and may not receive regulatory approval even after many years of r&d. we may fail to correctly identify indications for which our science is promising or allocate r&d investment resources efficiently, and failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic areas, product classes, geographic markets and/or licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. further, even if we identify areas with the greatest commercial potential, the scientific approach may not succeed despite the significant investment required for r&d, and the product may not be as competitive as expected because of the highly dynamic market environment and the hurdles in terms of access and reimbursement. for example, our gene therapy product candidates are based on a novel technology with only a few gene therapies approved to date, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of development and the ability to obtain regulatory approval. further, gene therapy may face difficulties in gaining the acceptance of patients or the medical community.
global operations we operate on a global scale and could be affected by currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, global economic conditions including inflation, expropriation and other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections and remedies, trade regulations, tax laws and regulations and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for and access to our products, as well as impacts of political or civil unrest or military action, including the current conflict between russia and ukraine, terrorist activity, unstable governments and legal systems, inter-governmental disputes, public health outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters or disruptions related to climate change.
some emerging market countries may be particularly vulnerable to periods of financial or political instability or significant currency fluctuations or may have limited resources for healthcare spending. as a result of these and other factors, our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and growth rates in these markets may not be sustainable.
government financing and economic pressures can lead to negative pricing pressure in various markets where governments take an active role in setting prices, access criteria (e.g., through health technology assessments) or other means of cost control. for additional information on government pricing pressures, see the item 1. business-government regulation and price constraints section in this form 10-k.
we continue to monitor the global trade environment and potential trade conflicts and impediments that could impact our business. if trade restrictions or tariffs reduce global economic activity, potential impacts could include declining sales; increased costs; volatility in foreign exchange rates; a decline in the value of our financial assets and pension plan investments; required increases of our pension funding obligations; increased government cost control efforts; delays or failures in the performance of customers, suppliers and other third parties on whom we may depend for the performance of our business; and the risk that our allowance for doubtful accounts may not be adequate.
we operate in many countries and transact in over 100 different currencies. changes in the value of those currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, or high inflation in these countries, can impact our revenues, costs and expenses and our financial guidance. significant portions of our revenues, costs and expenses, as well as our substantial international net assets, are exposed to exchange rate changes. 63% of our total 2021 revenues were derived from international operations, including 29% from europe and 19% from china, japan and the rest of asia. future changes in exchange rates or economic conditions and the impact they may have on our results of operations, financial condition or business are difficult to predict. for additional information about our exposure to foreign currency risk, see the analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk section within md&a.
in addition, our borrowing, pension benefit and postretirement benefit obligations and interest-bearing investments, are subject to risk from changes in interest and exchange rates. the risks related to interest-bearing investments and borrowings and the measures we have taken to help contain them are discussed in the analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk section within md&a and note 7e. for additional details on critical accounting estimates and assumptions for our benefit plans, see the significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates and assumptions-benefit plans section within md&a and note 11.
from time to time, we issued variable rate debt based on libor, or undertook interest rate swaps that contain a variable element based on libor. the u.k. financial conduct authority announced in 2017 that it will no longer compel banks to submit rates used to calculate libor after 2021. this deadline was extended until june 2023 for a number of key u.s. dollar benchmark maturities (including the 1-month and 3-month pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k libor rates). the u.s. federal reserve has selected the secured overnight funding rate (sofr) as the preferred alternate rate and the transition away from libor will continue despite the extended timeline. we are planning for this transition and will amend any contracts to accommodate the sofr rate where required. we do not expect the transition to have significant impact on our business or financial condition.
product manufacturing, sales and marketing risks we could encounter difficulties or delays in our supply chain, product manufacturing and distribution networks, as well as sales or marketing, due to regulatory actions, shut-downs, work stoppages or strikes, approval delays, withdrawals, recalls, penalties, supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs at our facilities or third-party facilities that we rely on, reputational harm, the impact to our facilities due to health pandemics or natural or man-made disasters, including as a result of climate change, product liability or unanticipated costs. examples of such difficulties or delays include the inability to increase production capacity commensurate with demand; challenges related to component materials to maintain supply and/or appropriate quality standards throughout our supply network and/or comply with applicable regulations; inability to supply certain products due to voluntary product recalls (as is the case with chantix); and supply chain disruptions at our facilities or at a supplier or vendor. in addition, we engage contract manufacturers, and, from time to time, our contract manufacturers may face difficulties or are unable to manufacture our products at the necessary quantity or quality levels.
regulatory agencies periodically inspect our manufacturing facilities, as well as third-party facilities that we rely on, to evaluate compliance with cgmp or other applicable requirements. failure to comply with these requirements may subject us to possible legal or regulatory actions, such as warning letters, suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product, injunctions, debarment, product recalls, delays or denials of product approvals, import bans or denials of import certifications.
in july and august 2021, pfizer recalled 16 lots of chantix in the u.s. due to the presence of a nitrosamine, n-nitroso-varenicline, at or above the fda interim acceptable intake limit. in september 2021, pfizer expanded its voluntary recall in the u.s. to include all lots of chantix. we currently also have a voluntary recall across multiple markets and a global pause in shipments of chantix. technical solutions are being pursued to reduce nitrosamine levels in chantix to enable return to market. nitrosamines are impurities common in water and foods and everyone is exposed to some level of nitrosamines. in response to requests from various regulatory authorities, manufacturers across the pharmaceutical industry, including pfizer, are evaluating their product portfolios for the potential for the presence or formation of nitrosamines. this may lead to additional recalls or other market actions for pfizer products.
collaborations and other relationships with third parties we depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of our products and product candidates and also enter into jvs and other business development transactions. to achieve expected longer-term benefits, we may make substantial upfront payments as part of these transactions, which may negatively impact our reported earnings or cash flows. we rely heavily on these parties for multiple aspects of our drug development, manufacturing and commercialization activities, but we do not control many aspects of those activities. we also outsource certain services, including activities related to transaction processing, accounting, information technology, manufacturing, clinical trial recruitment and execution, clinical lab services, non-clinical research, safety services, integrated facilities management and other areas. failure by one or more of the third-party collaborators, service providers and others to complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations or to meet their contractual or other obligations to us; failure of one or more of these parties to comply with applicable laws or regulations; or any disruption in the relationships between us and these parties, could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing or commercialization of our products and product candidates, expose us to suboptimal quality of service delivery or deliverables, result in repercussions such as missed deadlines or other timeliness issues, erroneous data and supply disruptions, and could also result in non-compliance with legal or regulatory requirements or industry standards or subject us to reputational harm, all with potential negative implications for our product pipeline and business. further, our alliance revenues will be adversely affected by the termination or expiration of collaboration and co-promotion agreements that we have entered into and that we may enter into from time to time. for information on additional risks specific to our consumer healthcare jv, see the consumer healthcare jv with gsk section below.
counterfeit products our reputation and promising pipeline render our medicines and vaccines prime targets for counterfeiters. counterfeit medicines and vaccines pose a significant risk to patient health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured-often in unregulated, unlicensed, uninspected and unsanitary sites-as well as the lack of regulation of their contents. failure to mitigate this threat could adversely impact pfizer's patients, potentially causing them harm. this, in turn, may result in the loss of patient confidence in the pfizer name and in the integrity of our medicines and vaccines, and potentially impact our business through lost sales, product recalls, and possible litigation.
the prevalence of counterfeit medicines is an industry-wide issue due to a variety of factors, including the adoption of e-commerce, which increased during the covid-19 pandemic, greatly enhancing consumers' ability to obtain prescriptions and other medical treatments via the internet in lieu of traditional brick and mortar pharmacies or authorized full-service internet pharmacies. the internet exposes patients to greater risk as it is a preferred vehicle for dangerous counterfeit offers and scams because of consumers' misplaced trust with certain e-commerce retailers coupled with the anonymity the internet affords counterfeiters. while counterfeiters generally target any medicine or vaccine boasting strong demand, we have observed heightened counterfeit and fraud attempts to our covid-19 vaccine, as well as other products potentially utilized in the treatment of covid-19.
we consistently invest in an enterprise-wide strategy to aggressively combat counterfeit threats by educating patients and health care providers about the risks, investing in innovative technologies to detect and disrupt sophisticated internet offers and scams, proactively monitoring and interdicting supply with the help of law enforcement; and advising legislators and regulators. however, our efforts and those of others may not be entirely successful, and the presence of counterfeit medicines may continue to increase.
pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k risks related to government regulation and legal proceedings:
pricing and reimbursement u.s. and international governmental regulations that mandate price controls or limitations on patient access to our products or establish prices paid by government entities or programs for our products impact our business, and our future results could be adversely affected by changes in such regulations or policies. the adoption of restrictive price controls in new jurisdictions, more restrictive controls in existing jurisdictions or the failure to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing could also adversely impact revenue. we expect pricing pressures will continue globally.
in the u.s., pharmaceutical product pricing is subject to government and public scrutiny and calls for reform, and many of our products are subject to increasing pricing pressures as a result. we expect to see continued focus by the federal government on regulating pricing which could result in legislative and regulatory changes designed to control costs. some states have implemented, and others are considering, patient access constraints or cost cutting under the medicaid program, and some are considering measures that would apply to broader segments of their populations that are not medicaid-eligible. state legislatures also have continued to focus on addressing drug costs, generally by increasing price transparency or limiting drug price increases. measures to regulate prices or payment for pharmaceutical products, including legislation on drug importation, could adversely affect our business. for additional information on u.s. pricing and reimbursement, see the item 1. business-government regulation and price constraints section in this form 10-k.
we encounter similar regulatory and legislative issues in most other countries in which we operate. in certain markets, such as in eu member states, the u.k., japan, china, canada and south korea, governments have significant power as large single payers to regulate prices, access criteria, or impose other means of cost control, particularly as a result of recent global financing pressures. for example, the qce and vbp tender process in china has resulted in dramatic price cuts for off-patent medicines. for additional information regarding these government initiatives, see the item 1. business-government regulation and price constraints section in this form 10-k. we anticipate that these and similar initiatives will continue to increase pricing pressures in china and elsewhere in the future. in addition, in many countries, with respect to our vaccines, we participate in a tender process for selection in national immunization programs. failure to secure participation in national immunization programs or to obtain acceptable pricing in the tender process could adversely affect our business. we also anticipate pricing pressures will be amplified by covid-19 induced budget deficits and focus on pricing for covid-19 treatments and vaccines.
u.s. healthcare regulation the u.s. healthcare industry is highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes. any significant efforts at the u.s. federal or state levels to reform the healthcare system by changing the way healthcare is provided or funded could have a material impact on us. for additional information on u.s. healthcare regulation, see the item 1. business--government regulation and price constraints section in this form 10-k.
other u.s. federal or state legislative or regulatory action and/or policy efforts could adversely affect our business, including, among others, general budget control actions, changes in patent laws, the importation of prescription drugs to the u.s. at prices that are regulated by foreign governments, revisions to reimbursement of biopharmaceuticals under government programs that could reference international prices or require new discounts, limitations on interactions with healthcare professionals and other industry stakeholders, or the use of comparative effectiveness methodologies that could be implemented in a manner that focuses primarily on cost differences and minimizes the therapeutic differences among pharmaceutical products and restricts access to innovative medicines.
a reduction of u.s. federal spending on entitlement programs, including medicare and medicaid, may affect payment for our products or services provided using our products. any other significant spending reductions or cost controls affecting medicare, medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs that may be implemented could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
development, regulatory approval and marketing of products the discovery and development of drugs, vaccines and biological products are time consuming, costly and unpredictable. the outcome is inherently uncertain and involves a high degree of risk due to the following factors, among others:
•the process from early discovery to design and adequate implementation of clinical trials to regulatory approval can take many years.
•product candidates can and do fail at any stage of the process, including as the result of unfavorable pre-clinical and clinical trial results, or unfavorable new pre-clinical or clinical data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical or clinical data, including results that may not support further clinical development of the product candidate or indication.
•we may need to amend our clinical trial protocols or conduct additional clinical trials under certain circumstances, for example, to further assess appropriate dosage or collect additional safety data.
•we may not be able to meet anticipated pre-clinical or clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our pre-clinical or clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates.
•we may not be able to successfully address all the comments received from regulatory authorities such as the fda and the ema, or be able to obtain approval for new products and indications from regulators.
regulatory approvals of our products depend on myriad factors, including regulatory determinations as to the product's safety and efficacy. in the context of public health emergencies like the covid-19 pandemic, regulators evaluate various factors and criteria to potentially allow for marketing authorization on an emergency or conditional basis. additionally, clinical trial and other product data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments by regulatory authorities. as a result of regulatory interpretations and assessments or other developments that occur during the review process, and even after a product is authorized or approved for marketing, a product's commercial potential could be adversely affected by potential emerging concerns or regulatory decisions regarding or impacting labeling or marketing, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters, including decisions relating to emerging developments regarding potential product impurities.
we may not be able to receive or maintain favorable recommendations by technical or advisory committees, such as the acip or any fda advisory committee that may be convened to review our applications such as euas, ndas or blas, which may impact the potential marketing and use of our products. further, claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety and efficacy of in-line products and product candidates can negatively impact product sales, and potentially lead to product recalls or withdrawals, including regulator-directed risk evaluations and pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k assessments, and/or consumer fraud, product liability and other litigation and claims. further regulatory agency requirements may result in a more challenging, expensive and lengthy regulatory approval process than anticipated due to requests for, among other things, additional or more extensive clinical trials prior to granting approval, or increased post-approval requirements. for these and other reasons discussed in this risk factors section, we may not obtain the approvals we expect within the timeframe we anticipate, or at all.
post-authorization/approval data as a condition to granting marketing authorization or approval of a product, the fda may require additional clinical trials or other studies. the results generated in these trials could result in the loss of marketing approval, changes in labeling, and/or new or increased concerns about the side effects, efficacy or safety. regulatory agencies in countries outside the u.s. often have similar regulations and may impose comparable requirements. post-marketing studies and clinical trials, whether conducted by us or by others, whether mandated by regulatory agencies or conducted voluntarily, and other emerging data about products, such as adverse event reports, may also adversely affect the availability or commercial potential of our products. further, if safety or efficacy concerns are raised about a product in the same class as one of our products, those concerns could implicate the entire class; and this, in turn, could have an adverse impact on the availability or commercial viability of our product(s) as well as other products in the class. the potential regulatory and commercial implications of post-marketing study results typically cannot immediately be determined. for example, in december 2021, in light of the results from the completed required postmarketing safety study of xeljanz, oral surveillance (a3921133), the u.s. label for xeljanz was revised. updates include a new boxed warning for major adverse cardiovascular events (mace) and updated boxed warnings regarding mortality, malignancies and thrombosis (with corresponding updates to applicable warnings and precautions). in addition, indications for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active ra or active psa, and patients who are two years of age and older with active polyarticular course juvenile idiopathic arthritis have been revised; xeljanz is now indicated in patients who have had inadequate response or intolerance to one or more tumor necrosis factor blockers. in addition, at the request of the ec, the prac of the ema has adopted a referral procedure under article 20 of regulation (ec) no 726/2004 to assess safety information relating to oral jak inhibitors authorized for inflammatory diseases, including xeljanz and cibinqo, which is ongoing. we continue to work with regulatory agencies to review the full results and analyses of oral surveillance and their impact on product labeling.
the terms of our eua for comirnaty require that we conduct post-authorization observational studies in patients at least 5 years of age or older who received a booster dose, or other populations of interest including healthcare workers, pregnant women, immunocompromised individuals, and subpopulations with specific comorbidities. additionally, in relation to the fda approval for comirnaty, we are required to complete certain postmarketing study requirements and commitments by 2024 as identified in the august 2021 approval letter. the terms of our eua for paxlovid require monitoring for convergence of global viral variants of sars-cov-2 and potential assessment of paxlovid activity against identified global variants of interest. additionally, in relation to the potential fda approval for paxlovid, we are required to complete certain other analyses and studies as identified in the december 2021 authorization letter.
legal matters we are and may be involved in various legal proceedings, including patent litigation, product liability and other product-related litigation, including personal injury, consumer, off-label promotion, securities, antitrust and breach of contract claims, commercial and other asserted and unasserted matters, environmental, government investigations, employment, tax litigation and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. litigation is inherently unpredictable, and excessive verdicts do occur. although we believe that our claims and defenses in matters in which we are a defendant are substantial, we could in the future incur judgments, enter into settlements or revise our expectations regarding the outcome of certain matters, and such developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
claims against our patents include challenges to the coverage and/or validity of our patents on various products or processes. there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these matters, and a loss in any of these cases could result in a loss of patent protection for the product at issue, which could lead to a significant loss of sales of that product and could materially affect future results of operations.
government investigations and actions could result in substantial fines and/or criminal charges and civil penalties, limitations on our ability to conduct business in applicable jurisdictions, corporate integrity or deferred prosecution agreements and other disciplinary actions, as well as reputational harm, including as a result of increased public interest in the matter. in addition, in a qui tam lawsuit in which the government declines to intervene, the relator may still pursue a suit for the recovery of civil damages and penalties on behalf of the government.
our sales and marketing activities and the pricing of our products are subject to extensive regulation under the ffdca, the medicaid drug rebate program, the fcpa and other federal and state statutes, including those discussed elsewhere in this form 10-k, as well as the anti-kickback statute, anti-bribery laws, the false claims act, and similar laws in international jurisdictions. in addition to the potential for changes to relevant laws, the compliance and enforcement landscape is informed by government litigation, settlement precedent, advisory opinions, and special fraud alerts. our approach to certain practices may evolve over time in light of these types of developments. requirements or industry standards in the u.s. and certain jurisdictions abroad require pharmaceutical manufacturers to track and disclose financial interactions with healthcare professionals and healthcare providers and can increase government and public scrutiny of such financial interactions. if an interaction is found to be improper, government enforcement actions and penalties could result. like many companies in our industry, we have from time-to-time received, and may receive in the future, inquiries and subpoenas and other types of information demands from government authorities. in addition, we have been subject to claims and other actions related to our business activities, brought by governmental authorities, as well as consumers and private payers. in some instances, we have incurred significant expense, civil payments, fines and other adverse consequences as a result of these claims, actions and inquiries. such claims, actions and inquiries may relate to alleged non-compliance with laws and regulations associated with the dissemination of product (approved and unapproved) information, potentially resulting in government enforcement action and reputational damage. this risk may be heightened by digital marketing, including social media, mobile applications and blogger outreach.
in connection with the resolution of a u.s. government investigation concerning independent copay assistance organizations that provide financial assistance to medicare patients, in 2018, we entered into a corporate integrity agreement (cia) with the office of the inspector general of the u.s. department of health and human services, which is effective for a period of five years. in the cia, we agreed to implement and/or maintain certain compliance program elements to promote compliance with federal healthcare program requirements. breaches of the cia could result in severe sanctions against us.
pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k we and certain of our subsidiaries are also subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business relating to legal claims and proceedings, including environmental contingencies. amounts recorded for legal and environmental contingencies can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. while we have accrued for worldwide legal liabilities, no guarantee exists that additional costs will not be incurred beyond the amounts accrued.
for additional information, including information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved in, see note 16a.
risks related to intellectual property, technology and security:
intellectual property protection our success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. we rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of intellectual property, including patent, trademark, trade dress, copyright, trade secret and domain name protection laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. if we fail to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property protection, we may not be able to prevent third parties from launching generic or biosimilar versions of our branded products, from using our proprietary technologies or from marketing products that are very similar or identical to ours. our currently pending or future patent applications may not result in issued patents or be granted on a timely basis. similarly, any term extensions that we seek may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all. for example, in may 2021, the brazilian supreme court voted to invalidate article 40 of brazil's patent law, which guaranteed a minimum 10-year patent term from patent grant, and to give retroactive effect to such decision. in addition, our issued patents may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us against claims regarding validity, enforceability, scope and effective term made by parties with similar technologies or products or provide us with any competitive advantage, including exclusivity in a particular product area.
further, legal or regulatory action by various stakeholders or governments could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection for or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing intellectual property related to our products. discussions are ongoing at the wto regarding the role of intellectual property in the context of the covid-19 pandemic response. this includes a proposal that would release wto members from their obligation under wto-trips to grant and enforce various types of intellectual property protection on health products and technology in relation to the prevention, containment or treatment of covid-19. in may 2021 and again in november 2021, the biden administration called on countries to waive intellectual property protections on covid-19 vaccines.
the scope of our patent claims also may vary between countries, as individual countries have distinct patent laws, and our ability to enforce our patents depends on the laws of each country, its enforcement practices, and the extent to which certain countries engage in policies or practices that weaken a country's intellectual property framework (e.g., laws or regulations that promote or provide broad discretion to issue a compulsory license). in countries that provide some form of regulatory exclusivity, mechanisms exist permitting some form of challenge to our patents by competitors or generic drug marketers prior to or immediately following the expiration of such regulatory exclusivity, and generic companies are employing aggressive strategies, such as "at risk" launches that challenge our patent rights. most of the suits involve claims by generic drug manufacturers that patents covering our products, uses, processes or dosage forms are invalid and/or do not cover the product of the generic or biosimilar drug manufacturer. independent actions have been filed alleging that our assertions of, or attempts to enforce, patent rights with respect to certain products constitute unfair competition and/or violations of antitrust laws. such claims may also be brought as counterclaims to actions we bring to enforce our patents. we are also party to other patent damages suits in various jurisdictions pursuant to which generic drug manufacturers, payers, governments or other parties are seeking damages from us for alleged delay of generic entry. we also are often involved in other proceedings, such as inter partes review, post-grant review, re-examination or opposition proceedings, before the u.s. patent and trademark office, the european patent office, or other foreign counterparts relating to our intellectual property or the intellectual property rights of others. also, if one of our patents or a competitors' patents is found to be invalid in such proceedings, generic or biosimilar products could be introduced into the market resulting in the erosion of sales of our existing products. for additional information, including information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved, see note 16a1. further, if we are unable to maintain our existing license agreements or other agreements pursuant to which third parties grant us rights to intellectual property, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.
we currently hold trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending in many jurisdictions, any of which may be the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the trademark. as our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks and trade dress to differentiate us from our competitors increases and, as a result, our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our rights. we seek to protect our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, by requiring our employees, consultants, other advisors and other third parties to execute proprietary information and confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of their relationship with us. despite these efforts and precautions, we may be unable to prevent a third-party from copying or otherwise obtaining and using our trade secrets or our other intellectual property without authorization, and legal remedies may not adequately compensate us for the damages caused by such unauthorized use. further, others may independently and lawfully develop substantially similar or identical products that circumvent our intellectual property by means of alternative designs or processes or otherwise.
third-party intellectual property claims a properly functioning intellectual property regime is essential to our business model. we are committed to respecting the valid intellectual property rights of other companies, but the patent granting process is imperfect. accordingly, the pursuit of valid business opportunities may require us to challenge intellectual property rights held by others that we believe were improperly granted, including challenges through negotiation and litigation, and such challenges may not always be successful.
part of our business depends upon identifying biosimilar opportunities and launching products to take advantage of those opportunities, which may involve litigation, associated costs and time delays, and may ultimately not be successful. these opportunities may arise in situations where patent protection of equivalent branded products has expired or been declared invalid, or where products do not infringe the patents of others. in some circumstances we may take action, such as litigation, asserting that our products do not infringe patents of existing products or that those patents are invalid or unenforceable in order to achieve a "first-to-market" or early market position for our products.
third parties may claim that our products infringe one or more patents owned or controlled by them. claims of intellectual property infringement can be costly and time-consuming to resolve, may delay or prevent product launches, and may result in significant royalty payments or damages.
pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k for example, our r&d in a therapeutic area may not be first and another company or entity may have obtained relevant patents before us. we are involved in patent-related disputes with third parties over our attempts to market pharmaceutical products. once we have final regulatory approval of the related products, we may decide to commercially market these products even though associated legal proceedings (including any appeals) have not been resolved (i.e., "at-risk" launch). if one of our marketed products is found to infringe valid patent rights of a third party, such third party may be awarded significant damages or royalty payments, or we may be prevented from further sales of that product. such damages may be enhanced as much as three-fold if we or one of our subsidiaries is found to have willfully infringed valid patent rights of a third party.
information technology and security significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our business. we extensively rely upon sophisticated information technology systems (including cloud services) to operate our business. we produce, collect, process, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information (including personal information and intellectual property), and we deploy and operate an array of technical and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of such confidential information. we have outsourced significant elements of our operations, including significant elements of our information technology infrastructure and, as a result, we manage relationships with many third-party providers who may or could have access to our confidential information. we rely on technology developed, supplied and/or maintained by third-parties that may make us vulnerable to "supply chain" style cyber-attacks. further, technology and security vulnerabilities of acquisitions, business partners or third-party providers may not be identified during due diligence or soon enough to mitigate exploitation. the size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems, and those of our third-party providers (and the large amounts of confidential information that is present on them), make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or contingent workers, providers, or malicious attackers. as a global pharmaceutical company, our systems and assets are the target of frequent cyber-attacks. such cyber-attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives (including, but not limited to, industrial espionage) and expertise, including organized criminal groups, "hacktivists," nation states and others. due to the nature of some of these attacks, there is a risk that they may remain undetected for a period of time. while we have invested in the protection of data and information technology, our efforts may not prevent service interruptions, extortion, theft of confidential or proprietary information, compromise of data integrity or unauthorized information disclosure. any such interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of confidential information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us. we maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems.
risks related to business development:
business development activities we expect to enhance our in-line products and product pipeline through various forms of business development, which can include alliances, licenses, jvs, collaborations, equity- or debt-based investments, dispositions, divestments, mergers and acquisitions. the success of these activities is dependent on the availability and accurate cost/benefit evaluation of appropriate opportunities, competition from others that are seeking similar opportunities and our ability to successfully identify, structure and execute transactions, including the ability to satisfy closing conditions in the anticipated timeframes or at all, and successfully integrate acquisitions. pursuing these opportunities may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which could result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings. where we acquire debt or equity securities as all or part of the consideration for business development activities, the value of those securities will fluctuate, and may depreciate. we may not control a company in which we invest, and, as a result, we will have limited ability to determine its management, operational decisions and policies. further, while we seek to mitigate risks and liabilities of such transactions through, among other things, due diligence, there may be risks and liabilities that such efforts fail to discover, that are not disclosed to us, or that we inadequately assess. the success of any of our acquisitions will depend, when applicable, on our ability to realize anticipated benefits from integrating these businesses with us. we, for example, may fail to achieve cost savings anticipated with certain of these acquisitions, or such cost savings within the expected time frame. similarly, the accretive impact anticipated from certain of these acquisitions may not be realized or may be delayed. integration of these businesses may result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business, including third-party relationships, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. we also may fail to generate the expected revenue growth for the acquired business. expected revenue from acquired products and product candidates also may be constrained by developments outside of our control. unsuccessful clinical trials, regulatory hurdles and commercialization challenges may adversely impact revenue and income contribution from products and product candidates, including those acquired in these acquisitions.
spin-off and combination of upjohn with mylan we may not realize some or all of the expected benefits of the spin-off and combination (the transactions) of the upjohn business with mylan, which resulted in the creation of viatris in november 2020, due to many factors, including, among others, strategic adjustments required to reflect the nature of our business following the transactions, increased risks resulting from us becoming a company that is a more focused, innovative science-based biopharmaceutical products business and the possibility that we may not achieve our strategic objectives. in addition, we have agreed to provide certain transition services to viatris, generally for an initial period of 24 months following the completion of the transactions (with certain possibilities for extension). these obligations under the transition services agreements may divert our focus and resources that would otherwise be invested into maintaining or growing our business.
consumer healthcare jv with gsk in 2019, we and gsk combined our respective consumer healthcare businesses into a jv that operates globally under the gsk consumer healthcare name. although we have certain consent, board representation and other governance rights, we are a minority owner of the jv and do not control the jv, its management or its policies. as a result, our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction depend upon gsk's operation and management of the jv. in addition, the jv is subject to risks that are different than the risks associated with our business. many of these risks are outside gsk's or the jv's control and could materially impact the business, financial condition and results of operations of the jv.
pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k in june 2021, gsk announced that it intends to demerge at least 80% of its 68% ownership interest in the jv in mid-2022, subject to gsk shareholder approval. following the demerger, the jv is expected to be an independent, listed company on the london stock exchange with american depositary receipts to be listed in the u.s., in which pfizer would initially hold a 32% ownership interest and gsk may hold up to a 13.6% ownership interest. notwithstanding gsk's announcement, the demerger may not be completed within expected time periods or at all, and both the timing and success of the demerger (or any other separation and public listing transaction), will be subject to prevailing market conditions and other factors at the time of such transaction. any future distribution or sale of our stake in the jv will similarly be subject to prevailing market conditions and other factors at the time of such transaction. our ability to complete any such future distribution or sale may also be impacted by the size of our retained stake at the time. the uncertainty relating to any separation and public listing transactions (including the announced demerger), their implementation, their timing and their yet to be determined effects on the jv's business may subject us and the jv to risks and uncertainties that may adversely affect our business and financial results.
general risks:
covid-19 pandemic our business, operations and financial condition and results have been and may continue to be impacted by the covid-19 pandemic to varying degrees. the pandemic has presented a number of risks and challenges for our business, including, among others: impacts due to travel limitations and mobility restrictions; manufacturing disruptions and delays; supply chain disruptions and shortages, including challenges related to reliance on third-party suppliers resulting in reduced availability of materials or components used in the development, manufacturing, distribution or administration of our products; disruptions to pipeline development and clinical trials, including difficulties or delays in enrolling certain clinical trials, retaining clinical trial participants, accessing needed supplies, and accruing a sufficient number of cases in certain clinical trials; decreased product demand, due to reduced numbers of in-person meetings with prescribers, patient visits with physicians, vaccinations and elective surgeries, resulting in fewer new prescriptions or refills of existing prescriptions and reduced demand for products used in procedures; reduced product demand as a result of unemployment or increased focus on covid-19 vaccination; challenges presented by reallocating personnel and r&d, manufacturing and other resources to assist in responding to the pandemic; costs associated with the covid-19 pandemic, including practices intended to reduce the risk of transmission, increased supply chain costs and additional r&d costs incurred in our efforts to develop a vaccine to help prevent covid-19 and an oral covid-19 treatment; challenges related to our business development initiatives, including potential delays or disruptions related to regulatory approvals; interruptions or delays in the operations of regulatory authorities, which may delay potential approval of new products we are developing, potential label expansions for existing products and the launch of newly-approved products; challenges operating in a virtual work environment; increased cyber incidents such as phishing, social engineering and malware attacks; challenges related to our intellectual property, both domestically and internationally, including in response to any pressure or legal or regulatory action that could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection for, licensing, or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing, intellectual property rights related to our products, including our vaccine to help prevent covid-19 and an oral covid-19 treatment; challenges related to conducting oversight and monitoring of regulated activities in a remote or virtual environment; challenges related to our human capital and talent development, including challenges in attracting, hiring and retaining highly skilled and diverse workforce; challenges related to vaccine mandates; and other challenges presented by disruptions to our normal operations in response to the pandemic, as well as uncertainties regarding the duration and severity of the pandemic and its impacts, and government or regulatory actions to contain the virus or control the supply of medicines and vaccines.
we also face risks and uncertainties related to our efforts to develop and commercialize a vaccine to help prevent covid-19 and an oral covid-19 treatment, as well as challenges related to their manufacturing, supply and distribution, including, among others:
•uncertainties inherent in r&d, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates, as well as risks associated with pre-clinical and clinical data (including the phase 1/2/3 or phase 4 data for bnt162b2 or any other vaccine candidate in the bnt162 program or paxlovid or any other future covid-19 treatment) in any of our studies in pediatrics, adolescents or adults or real world evidence, including the possibility of unfavorable new pre-clinical, clinical or safety data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical, clinical or safety data or further information regarding the quality of pre-clinical, clinical or safety data, including by audit or inspection;
•the ability to produce comparable clinical or other results for bnt162b2 or paxlovid, including the rate of effectiveness and/or efficacy, safety and tolerability profile observed to date, in additional analyses of the phase 3 trial for bnt162b2 or paxlovid and additional studies, in real-world data studies or in larger, more diverse populations following commercialization;
•the ability of bnt162b2 or any future vaccine to prevent, or paxlovid or any other future covid-19 treatment to be effective against, covid-19 caused by emerging virus variants;
•the risk that more widespread use of the vaccine or paxlovid will lead to new information about efficacy, safety or other developments, including the risk of additional adverse reactions, some of which may be serious;
•the risk that pre-clinical and clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific community generally, and by regulatory authorities;
•whether and when additional data from the bnt162 mrna vaccine program, paxlovid or other programs will be published in scientific journal publications and, if so, when and with what modifications and interpretations;
•whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from these and any future pre-clinical and clinical studies;
•whether and when submissions to request emergency use or conditional marketing authorizations for bnt162b2 or any potential future vaccines in additional populations, for a booster dose for bnt162b2 or any potential future vaccines (including potential future annual boosters or re-vaccinations), and/or biologics license and/or eua applications or amendments to any such applications may be filed in particular jurisdictions for bnt162b2 or any other potential vaccines, and if obtained, whether or when such eua or licenses will expire or terminate;
•whether and when submissions to request emergency use or conditional marketing authorizations for paxlovid or any other future covid-19 treatment and/or any drug applications for any indication for paxlovid or any other future covid-19 treatment may be filed in any jurisdiction, and if obtained, whether or when such eua or licenses will expire or terminate;
•whether and when any application that may be pending or filed for bnt162b2 or other vaccines that may result from the bnt162 program, paxlovid or any other future covid-19 treatment or any other covid-19 program may be approved by particular regulatory authorities, which will depend on myriad factors, including making a determination as to whether the vaccine's or drug's benefits outweigh its known risks and determination of the vaccine's or drug's efficacy and, if approved, whether it will be commercially successful;

•decisions by regulatory authorities impacting labeling or marketing, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of a vaccine or drug, including development of products or therapies by other companies;
•disruptions in the relationships between us and our collaboration partners, clinical trial sites or third-party suppliers, including our relationship with biontech;
•the risk that other companies may produce superior or competitive products;
•the risk that demand for any products may be reduced or no longer exist;
•the possibility that covid-19 will diminish in severity or prevalence, or disappear entirely;
•risks related to the availability of raw materials to manufacture or test any such products;
•challenges related to our vaccine's formulation, dosing schedule and attendant storage, distribution and administration requirements, including risks related to storage and handling after delivery by us;
•the risk that we may not be able to successfully develop other vaccine formulations, booster doses or potential future annual boosters or re-vaccinations or new variant-specific vaccines;
•the risk that we may not be able to recoup costs associated with our r&d and manufacturing efforts;
•risks associated with any changes in the way we approach or provide research funding for the bnt162 program, paxlovid or any other covid-19 program;
•challenges and risks associated with the pace of our development programs;
•the risk that we may not be able to maintain or scale up manufacturing capacity on a timely basis or maintain access to logistics or supply channels commensurate with global demand for our vaccine or any treatment for covid-19, which would negatively impact our ability to supply the estimated numbers of doses of our vaccine or treatment courses of paxlovid within the projected time periods;
•whether and when additional supply or purchase agreements will be reached;
•uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain recommendations from vaccine or treatment advisory or technical committees and other public health authorities and uncertainties regarding the commercial impact of any such recommendations;
•pricing and access challenges for such products;
•challenges related to public confidence or awareness of our covid-19 vaccine or paxlovid, including challenges driven by misinformation, access, concerns about clinical data integrity and prescriber and pharmacy education;
•trade restrictions;
•potential third-party royalties or other claims related to our covid-19 vaccine or paxlovid; and
•competitive developments.
further, the covid-19 pandemic, and the volatile global economic conditions stemming from the pandemic, could precipitate or amplify the other risks that we identify in this risk factors section, which could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition and results.
we are continuing to monitor the latest developments regarding the covid-19 pandemic and its effects on our business, operations and financial condition and results, and have made certain assumptions regarding the covid-19 pandemic for purposes of our operational planning and financial projections, including assumptions regarding the duration, severity and the global macroeconomic impact of the pandemic, as well as covid-19 vaccine and oral covid-19 treatment supply and contracts, which remain dynamic. despite careful tracking and planning, we are unable to accurately predict the extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and financial condition and results due to the uncertainty of future developments. in particular, we believe the ultimate impact on our business, operations and financial condition and results will be affected by the speed and extent of the continued spread of the coronavirus globally, the emergence of additional virus variants, the duration of the pandemic, new information regarding the severity and incidence of covid-19, the safety, efficacy and availability of vaccines and treatments for covid-19, the rate at which the population becomes vaccinated against covid-19, the global macroeconomic impact of the pandemic and governmental or regulatory actions to contain the virus or control supply of medicines and vaccines. the pandemic may also affect our business, operations or financial condition and results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider as presenting significant risks.
market fluctuations in our equity and other investments changes in fair value of certain equity investments need to be recognized in net income that may result in increased volatility of our income. for additional information, see note 4 and the analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk section within md&a.
our pension benefit obligations and postretirement benefit obligations are subject to volatility from changes in fair value of equity investments and other investment risk in the assets funding these plans. for additional information, see the significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates and assumptions-benefit plans section within md&a and note 11.
cost and expense control and nonordinary events growth in costs and expenses, changes in product and geographic mix and the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, internal reorganizations, product withdrawals, recalls and other unusual events that could result from evolving business strategies, evaluation of asset realization and organizational restructuring could adversely affect future results. such risks and uncertainties include, in particular, our ability to realize the projected benefits of our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, other corporate strategic initiatives and any acquisitions, divestitures or other initiatives, as well as potential disruption of ongoing business.
intangible assets, goodwill and equity-method investments our consolidated balance sheet contains significant amounts of intangible assets, including ipr&d and goodwill. for ipr&d assets, the risk of failure is significant, and there can be no certainty that these assets ultimately will yield successful products. our ability to realize value on these significant investments is often contingent upon, among other things, regulatory approvals and market acceptance. as such, we expect that many of these ipr&d assets will become impaired and/or be written off at some time in the future if the associated r&d effort is abandoned or is curtailed. for goodwill, all reporting units can confront events and circumstances that can lead to a goodwill impairment charge such as, among other things, unanticipated competition, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, a significant adverse change in legal matters or in the pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k business climate and/or a failure to replace the contributions of products that lose exclusivity. our other intangible assets, including developed technology rights and brands, face similar risks for impairment. our equity-method investments may also be subject to impairment charges that may result from the occurrence of unexpected adverse events or management decisions that impact our estimates of expected cash flows to be generated from these investments. we may recognize impairment charges as a result of a weak economic environment, events related to particular customers or asset types, challenging market conditions or decisions by management. any such impairment charge of our intangible assets, goodwill and equity-method investments may be significant. for additional details, see the significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates and assumptions section within md&a.
changes in laws and accounting standards our future results could be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, including, among others, changes in accounting standards, tax laws and regulations internationally and in the u.s. (including, among other things, any potential adoption of global minimum taxation requirements and any potential changes to existing tax law and regulations by the biden administration and congress), competition laws, privacy laws and environmental laws in the u.s. and other countries. for additional information on changes in tax laws or rates or accounting standards, see the provision/(benefit) for taxes on income and new accounting standards sections within md&a and note 1b.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview of our performance, operating environment, strategy and outlook financial highlights the following is a summary of certain financial performance metrics (in billions, except per share data):
2021 total revenues--$81.3 billion        2021 net cash flow from operations--$32.6 billion an increase of 95% compared to 2020       an increase of 126% compared to 2020
2021 reported diluted eps--$3.85             2021 adjusted diluted eps (non-gaap)--$4.42*
an increase of 137% compared to 2020         an increase of 96% compared to 2020
*for additional information regarding adjusted diluted eps (which is a non-gaap financial measure), including reconciliations of certain gaap reported to non-gaap adjusted information, see the non-gaap financial measure: adjusted income section within md&a.
references to operational variances pertain to period-over-period changes that exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates. although foreign exchange rate changes are part of our business, they are not within our control and since they can mask positive or negative trends in the business, we believe presenting operational variances excluding these foreign exchange changes provides useful information to evaluate our results.
our business and strategy most of our revenues come from the manufacture and sale of biopharmaceutical products. with the formation of the consumer healthcare jv in 2019 and the spin-off of our former upjohn business in the fourth quarter of 2020, pfizer transformed into a more focused, global leader in science-based innovative medicines and vaccines and beginning in the fourth quarter of 2020 operated as a single operating segment engaged in the discovery, development, manufacturing, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide. at the beginning of our fiscal fourth quarter of 2021, we reorganized our commercial operations and began to manage our commercial operations through a new global structure consisting of two operating segments: biopharma and pc1. biopharma is the only reportable segment. on december 31, 2021, we completed the sale of our meridian subsidiary, and beginning in the fourth quarter of 2021, the financial results of meridian are reflected as discontinued operations for all periods presented. beginning in the fourth quarter of 2020, the financial results of the upjohn business and the mylan-japan collaboration were reflected as discontinued operations for all periods presented. prior-period information has been restated to reflect our current organizational structure. see note 1a and item 1. business--commercial operations of this form 10-k for additional information. we expect to incur costs of approximately $700 million in connection with separating upjohn, of which, approximately 75% has been incurred since inception and through december 31, 2021. these charges include costs and expenses related to separation of legal entities and transaction costs.
transforming to a more focused company: we have undertaken efforts to ensure our cost base and support model align appropriately with our new operating structure. while certain direct costs transferred to the consumer healthcare jv and to the upjohn business in connection with the spin-off, there are indirect costs which did not transfer. we are taking steps to restructure our corporate enabling functions to appropriately support our business, r&d and pgs platform functions. in addition, we are transforming our commercial go-to market model in the way we engage patients and physicians. see the costs and expenses--restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives section of this md&a.
r&d: we believe we have a strong pipeline and are well-positioned for future growth. r&d is at the heart of fulfilling our purpose to deliver breakthroughs that change patients' lives as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the therapies that may be the most impactful for patients. innovation, drug discovery and development are critical to our success. in addition to discovering and developing new pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k products, our r&d efforts seek to add value to our existing products by improving their effectiveness and ease of dosing and by discovering potential new indications. see the item 1. business-research and development section of this form 10-k for our r&d priorities and strategy.
we seek to leverage a strong pipeline, organize around expected operational growth drivers and capitalize on trends creating long-term growth opportunities, including:
•an aging global population that is generating increased demand for innovative medicines and vaccines that address patients' unmet needs;
•advances in both biological science and digital technology that are enhancing the delivery of breakthrough new medicines and vaccines; and
•the increasingly significant role of hospitals in healthcare systems.
our business development initiatives we are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, but also through various business development activities. we view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. we assess our business, assets and scientific capabilities/portfolio as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also continue to consider business development activities that will help advance our business strategy.
our significant recent business development activities that closed or are targeted to close in 2022 include:
acquisition of arena in december 2021, we and arena announced that the companies entered into a definitive agreement under which we will acquire arena, a clinical stage company developing innovative potential therapies for the treatment of several immuno-inflammatory diseases. under the terms of the agreement, we will acquire all outstanding shares of arena for $100 per share in an all-cash transaction for a total equity value of approximately $6.7 billion. on february 2, 2022, arena shareholders voted to approve the proposed acquisition, which is targeted to close in the first half of 2022, subject to review under antitrust laws and other customary closing conditions.
collaboration with biohaven in november 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement and related sublicense agreement with biohaven pharmaceutical holding company ltd., biohaven pharmaceutical ireland dac and bioshin limited (collectively, biohaven) pursuant to which we acquired rights to commercialize rimegepant and zavegepant for the treatment and prevention of migraines outside of the u.s., subject to regulatory approval. rimegepant is currently commercialized in the u.s., israel, and the u.a.e. under the brand name nurtec® odt, with certain additional applications pending outside of the u.s. biohaven will continue to lead r&d globally and we have the exclusive right to commercialization globally, outside of the u.s. upon the closing of the transaction, which occurred on january 4, 2022, we paid biohaven $500 million, including an upfront payment of $150 million and an equity investment of $350 million. biohaven is also eligible to receive up to $740 million in non-u.s. commercialization milestone payments, in addition to tiered double-digit royalties on net sales outside of the u.s. in addition to the milestone payments and royalties above, we will also reimburse biohaven for the portion of certain additional milestone payments and royalties due to third parties in accordance with preexisting biohaven agreements, which are attributed to ex-u.s. sales.
for additional information, including discussion of recent significant business development activities, see note 2.
our 2021 performance revenues revenues increased $39.6 billion, or 95%, to $81.3 billion in 2021 from $41.7 billion in 2020, reflecting an operational increase of $38.4 billion, or 92%, as well as a favorable impact of foreign exchange of $1.2 billion, or 3%. excluding direct sales and alliance revenues of comirnaty and sales of paxlovid, revenues increased 6% operationally, reflecting strong growth in eliquis, biosimilars, pc1, vyndaqel/vyndamax, the hospital therapeutic area, inlyta and xtandi, partially offset by declines in the prevnar family, chantix/champix, enbrel and sutent.
the following outlines the components of the net change in revenues:
see the analysis of the consolidated statements of income--revenues by geography and revenues--selected product discussion sections within md&a for more information, including a discussion of key drivers of our revenue performance. for information regarding the primary indications or class of certain products, see note 17c.
pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income the increase in income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income of $17.3 billion in 2021, compared to 2020, was primarily attributable to: (i) higher revenues, (ii) net periodic benefit credits in 2021 versus net periodic benefit costs in 2020, (iii) lower asset impairment charges, and (iv) higher net gains on equity securities, partially offset by (v) increases in: cost of sales, research and development expenses and selling, informational and administrative expenses.
see the analysis of the consolidated statements of income within md&a and note 4 for additional information.
for information on our tax provision and effective tax rate, see the provision/(benefit) for taxes on income section within md&a and note 5.
our operating environment we, like other businesses in our industry, are subject to certain industry-specific challenges. these include, among others, the topics listed below. see also the item 1. business--government regulation and price constraints and item 1a. risk factors sections of this form 10-k.
regulatory environment--pipeline productivity our product lines must be replenished to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share or to respond to healthcare and innovation trends, as well as to provide for earnings growth. as a result, we devote considerable resources to our r&d activities which, while essential to our growth, incorporate a high degree of risk and cost, including whether a particular product candidate or new indication for an in-line product will achieve the desired clinical endpoint or safety profile, will be approved by regulators or will be successful commercially. we conduct clinical trials to provide data on safety and efficacy to support the evaluation of a product's overall benefit-risk profile for a particular patient population. in addition, after a product has been approved or authorized and launched, we continue to monitor its safety as long as it is available to patients. this includes postmarketing trials that may be conducted voluntarily or pursuant to a regulatory request to gain additional medical knowledge. for the entire life of the product, we collect safety data and report safety information to the fda and other regulatory authorities. regulatory authorities may evaluate potential safety concerns and take regulatory actions in response, such as updating a product's labeling, restricting its use, communicating new safety information to the public, or, in rare cases, requiring us to suspend or remove a product from the market. the commercial potential of in-line products may be negatively impacted by post-marketing developments.
intellectual property rights and collaboration/licensing rights the loss, expiration or invalidation of intellectual property rights, patent litigation settlements with manufacturers and the expiration of co-promotion and licensing rights can have a material adverse effect on our revenues. certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and we expect certain products to face increased generic competition over the next few years. while additional patent expiries will continue, we expect a moderate impact of reduced revenues due to patent expiries from 2022 through 2025. we continue to vigorously defend our patent rights against infringement, and we will continue to support efforts that strengthen worldwide recognition of patent rights while taking necessary steps to help ensure appropriate patient access.
for additional information on patent rights we consider most significant to our business as a whole, see the item 1. business--patents and other intellectual property rights section in this form 10-k. for a discussion of recent developments with respect to patent litigation, see note 16a1.
regulatory environment/pricing and access--government and other payer group pressures the pricing of medicines by pharmaceutical manufacturers and the cost of healthcare, which includes medicines, medical services and hospital services, continues to be important to payers, governments, patients, and other stakeholders. federal and state governments and private third-party payers in the u.s. continue to take action to manage the utilization of drugs and cost of drugs, including increasingly employing formularies to control costs by taking into account discounts in connection with decisions about formulary inclusion or favorable formulary placement. we consider a number of factors impacting the pricing of our medicines and vaccines. within the u.s., we often engage with patients, doctors and healthcare plans. we also often provide significant discounts from the list price to insurers, including pbms and mcos. the price that patients pay in the u.s. for prescribed medicines and vaccines is ultimately set by healthcare providers and insurers. governments globally may use a variety of measures to control costs, including proposing pricing reform or legislation, cross country collaboration and procurement, price cuts, mandatory rebates, health technology assessments, forced localization as a condition of market access, "international reference pricing" (i.e., the practice of a country linking its regulated medicine prices to those of other countries), qce processes and vbp. in the u.s., we expect to see continued focus by congress and the biden administration on regulating pricing which could result in legislative and regulatory changes designed to control costs. for example, there is proposed legislation that, if enacted, would allow medicare to negotiate prices for certain prescription drugs, as well as require that penalties be paid by manufacturers who raise drug prices faster than inflation. also, certain changes proposed by the cms in december 2020 to the medicaid program and 340b drug pricing program, which imposes ceilings on prices that drug manufacturers can charge for medications sold to certain health care facilities, could increase our medicaid rebate obligations and increase the discounts we extend to 340b covered entities if they go into effect. additional changes to the 340b program are undergoing review and their status is unclear. we anticipate that these and similar initiatives will continue to increase pricing pressures globally. for additional information, see the item 1. business--pricing pressures and managed care organizations and --government regulation and price constraints sections in this form 10-k.
product supply we periodically encounter supply delays, disruptions or shortages, including due to voluntary product recalls such as our recent chantix recall. for information on our recent chantix recall and risks related to product manufacturing, see the item 1a. risk factors--product manufacturing, sales and marketing risks section in this form 10-k.
the global economic environment in addition to the industry-specific factors discussed above, we, like other businesses of our size and global extent of activities, are exposed to economic cycles. certain factors in the global economic environment that may impact our global operations include, among other things, currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, global economic conditions including inflation, restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property, legal protections and remedies, trade regulations, tax laws and regulations and procedures and actions affecting approval, pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for and access to our products, as well as impacts of political or civil unrest or military action, including the current conflict between russia and ukraine, terrorist activity, unstable governments and legal systems, inter-governmental disputes, public health outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters or disruptions related to climate change. government pressures can lead to negative pricing pressure in various markets where governments take an active role in setting prices, access criteria or other means of cost control.
covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic has impacted our business, operations and financial condition and results.
our response to covid-19
pfizer has helped lead the global effort to confront the covid-19 pandemic by advancing a vision for industry-wide collaboration while making significant investments in breakthrough science and global manufacturing.
•comirnaty/bnt162b2:
◦we have collaborated with biontech to jointly develop comirnaty/bnt162b2, a mrna-based coronavirus vaccine to help prevent covid-19. the fda has approved comirnaty in the u.s. to prevent covid-19 in individuals 16 years of age and older as a two-dose primary series (30 μg per dose). comirnaty is the first covid-19 vaccine to be granted approval by the fda and had previously been available to this patient population in the u.s. under an eua since december 2020. the vaccine is also available to individuals 5 to 15 years old under an eua granted by the fda in 2021 (10 μg per dose for children 5 through 11 years of age (october 2021) and 30 μg per dose for individuals 12 years of age and older (may 2021)). the fda has also authorized for emergency use: (i) a third dose of comirnaty/bnt162b2 in certain immunocompromised individuals 5 years of age and older and (ii) comirnaty/bnt162b2 as a booster dose in individuals 12 years of age and older. comirnaty/bnt162b2 has also been granted an approval or an authorization in many other countries around the world in populations varying by country. we continue to evaluate our vaccine, including for additional pediatric indications, and the short- and long-term efficacy of comirnaty. we are also studying vaccine candidates to potentially prevent covid-19 caused by new and emerging variants, such as the omicron variant, or an updated vaccine as needed.
◦in 2021, we manufactured more than three billion doses and, in fiscal 2021, delivered 2.2 billion doses around the world. pfizer and biontech expect we can manufacture up to four billion doses in total by the end of 2022. the companies have entered into agreements to supply pre-specified doses of comirnaty in 2022 with multiple developed and emerging countries around the world and are continuing to deliver doses of comirnaty to governments under such agreements. we also signed agreements with multiple countries to supply comirnaty doses in 2023 and are currently negotiating similar potential agreements with multiple other countries. we anticipate delivering at least two billion doses to low- and middle-income countries by the end of 2022-one billion that was delivered in 2021 and one billion expected to be delivered in 2022, with the possibility to increase those deliveries if more orders are placed by these countries for 2022. one billion of the aforementioned doses to low- and middle-income countries are being supplied to the u.s. government at a not-for-profit price to be donated to the world's poorest nations at no charge to those countries.
◦as of february 8, 2022, we forecasted approximately $32 billion in revenues for comirnaty in 2022, with gross profit to be split evenly with biontech, which includes doses expected to be delivered in fiscal 2022 under contracts signed as of late-january 2022.
•paxlovid:
◦in december 2021, the fda authorized the emergency use of paxlovid, a novel oral covid-19 treatment, which is a sars-cov2-3cl protease inhibitor and is co-administered with a low dose of ritonavir, for the treatment of mild-to-moderate covid-19 in adults and pediatric patients (12 years of age and older weighing at least 40 kg [88 lbs]) with positive results of direct sars-cov-2 viral testing, and who are at high risk for progression to severe covid-19, including hospitalization or death. the fda based its decision on clinical data from the phase 2/3 epic-hr (evaluation of protease inhibition for covid-19 in high-risk patients), which enrolled non-hospitalized adults aged 18 and older with confirmed covid-19 who are at increased risk of progressing to severe illness. paxlovid has been granted an authorization or approval in many other countries.
◦we continue to evaluate paxlovid in other populations, including in patients with a confirmed diagnosis of sars-cov-2 infection who are at standard risk (i.e., low risk of hospitalization or death) (phase 2/3 epic-sr (evaluation of protease inhibition for covid-19 in standard risk patients)) and in adults living in the same household as someone with a confirmed covid-19 infection (phase 2/3 epic-pep (evaluation of protease inhibition for covid-19 in post-exposure prophylaxis)).
◦we have entered into agreements with multiple countries to supply pre-specified courses of paxlovid, such as the u.s. and u.k., and have initiated bilateral outreach to approximately 100 countries around the world. additionally, we have signed a voluntary non-exclusive license agreement with the medicines patent pool (mpp) for paxlovid. under the terms of the agreement, mpp can grant sublicenses to qualified generic medicine manufacturers worldwide to manufacture and supply paxlovid to 95 low- and middle-income countries, covering up to approximately 53% of the world's population.
◦pfizer plans to manufacture up to 120 million treatment courses by the end of 2022, depending on the global need, which will be driven by advance purchase agreements, with 30 million courses expected to be produced in the first half of 2022 and the remaining 90 million courses expected to be produced in the second half of 2022.
◦as of february 8, 2022, we forecasted approximately $22 billion of revenues for paxlovid in 2022, which includes treatment courses expected to be delivered in fiscal 2022, primarily relating to supply contracts signed or committed as of late-january 2022.
•iv protease inhibitor:
◦in february 2022, we discontinued the global clinical development program for pf-07304814, an intravenously administered sars-cov-2 main protease inhibitor being evaluated in adults hospitalized with severe covid-19. this decision was made based on a totality of information, including a careful review of early data and a thorough assessment of the candidate's potential to successfully fulfill patient needs. dosing of pf-07304814 in the national institutes of health's ongoing accelerating covid-19 therapeutic interventions and vaccines (activ)-3 study has ceased.
impact of covid-19 on our business and operations as part of our on-going monitoring and assessment, we have made certain assumptions regarding the pandemic for purposes of our operational planning and financial projections, including assumptions regarding the duration, severity and the global macroeconomic impact of the pandemic, pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k as well as covid-19 vaccine and oral covid-19 treatment supply and contracts, which remain dynamic. despite careful tracking and planning, we are unable to accurately predict the extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and financial condition and results due to the uncertainty of future developments. we are focused on all aspects of our business and are implementing measures aimed at mitigating issues where possible, including by using digital technology to assist in operations for our commercial, manufacturing, r&d and corporate enabling functions globally.
apart from our introduction of comirnaty/bnt162b2 and paxlovid, our business and operations have been impacted by the pandemic in various ways. our portfolio of products experienced varying impacts from the pandemic in 2021. for example, certain of our vaccines such as the prevnar family were impacted by disruptions to healthcare activity related to covid-19, including the prioritization of primary and booster vaccination campaigns for covid-19. for some products such as vyndaqel/vyndamax, we continued to see postponement of elective and diagnostic procedures in 2021 due to covid-19, which may subside in 2022 as covid-19 vaccination and booster rates continue to increase and/or if covid-19 cases subside. on the other hand, some products such as ibrance saw accelerating demand in 2021 as the delays in diagnosis and treatment initiations caused by the covid-19 pandemic show signs of recovery across several international markets. for detail on the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on certain of our products, see the analysis of the consolidated statements of income-revenues by geography and revenues-selected product discussion sections within this md&a.
in 2021, engagement with healthcare professionals started to return to pre-pandemic levels and we continue to review and assess epidemiological data to inform in-person engagements with healthcare professionals and to help ensure the safety of our colleagues, customers and communities. as part of our commitment to engaging our customers in the manner they prefer, we are also taking a hybrid approach of virtual and in person engagements and saw customer response to both approaches. during the pandemic, we adapted our promotional platform by amplifying our digital capabilities to reach healthcare professionals and customers to provide critical education and information, including increasing the scale of our remote engagement. most of our colleagues who are able to perform their job functions outside of our facilities continue to temporarily work remotely, while certain colleagues in the pgs and wrdm organizations continue to work onsite and are subject to strict protocols intended to reduce the risk of transmission. as of december 31, 2021, more than 96% of our u.s. employee population had been fully vaccinated or received an approved exception. also, in 2021 and to date, we have not seen a significant disruption to our supply chain, and all of our manufacturing sites globally have continued to operate at or near normal levels. however, we are seeing an increase in overall demand in the industry for certain components and raw materials potentially constraining available supply, which could have a future impact on our business. we are continuing to monitor and implement mitigation strategies in an effort to reduce any potential risk or impact including active supplier management, qualification of additional suppliers and advanced purchasing to the extent possible. certain of our clinical trials were impacted by the covid-19 pandemic in 2021, which included, in some cases, challenges related to recruiting clinical trial participants and accruing cases in certain studies. our clinical trials also progressed in this challenging environment through innovation, such as decentralized visits (e.g., telemedicine and home visits) to accommodate participants' ability to maintain scheduled visits, as well as working with suppliers to manage the shortage of certain clinical supplies.
we will continue to pursue efforts to maintain the continuity of our operations while monitoring for new developments related to the pandemic. future developments could result in additional favorable or unfavorable impacts on our business, operations or financial condition and results. if we experience significant disruption in our manufacturing or supply chains or significant disruptions in clinical trials or other operations, or if demand for our products is significantly reduced as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we could experience a material adverse impact on our business, operations and financial condition and results.
for additional information, please see the item 1a. risk factors-covid-19 pandemic section of this form 10-k.
significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates and assumptions following is a discussion about the critical accounting estimates and assumptions impacting our consolidated financial statements. also, see note 1d.
for a description of our significant accounting policies, see note 1. of these policies, the following are considered critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as they require the application of the most subjective and the most complex judgments: acquisitions (note 1e); fair value (note 1f); revenues (note 1h); asset impairments (note 1m); tax assets and liabilities and income tax contingencies (note 1q); pension and postretirement benefit plans (note 1r); and legal and environmental contingencies (note 1s).
for a discussion of a recently adopted accounting standard and a change in accounting principle related to our pension and postretirement plans, see notes 1b and 1c.
acquisitions we account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, that most assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their estimated fair value as of the acquisition date. for further detail on acquisition accounting, see note 1e. historically, intangible assets have been the most significant fair values within our business combinations. for further information on our process to estimate the fair value of intangible assets, see asset impairments below.
revenues our gross product revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, which generally are estimated and recorded in the same period that the revenues are recognized. such variable consideration represents chargebacks, rebates, sales allowances and sales returns. these deductions represent estimates of the related obligations and, as such, knowledge and judgment are required when estimating the impact of these revenue deductions on gross sales for a reporting period. historically, adjustments to these estimates to reflect actual results or updated expectations, have not been material to our overall business and generally have been less than 1% of revenues. product-specific rebates, however, can have a significant impact on year-over-year individual product revenue growth trends. if any of our ratios, factors, assessments, experiences or judgments are not indicative or accurate estimates of our future experience, our results could be materially affected. the potential of our estimates to vary (sensitivity) differs by program, product, type of customer and geographic location. however, estimates associated with u.s. medicare, medicaid and performance-based contract rebates are most at risk for material adjustment because of the extensive time delay pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k between the recording of the accrual and its ultimate settlement, an interval that can generally range up to one year. because of this lag, our recording of adjustments to reflect actual amounts can incorporate revisions of several prior quarters. rebate accruals are product specific and, therefore for any period, are impacted by the mix of products sold as well as the forecasted channel mix for each individual product. for further information, see the analysis of the consolidated statements of income--revenue deductions section within md&a and note 1h.
asset impairments we review all of our long-lived assets for impairment indicators throughout the year. we perform impairment testing for indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill at least annually and for all other long-lived assets whenever impairment indicators are present. when necessary, we record charges for impairments of long-lived assets for the amount by which the fair value is less than the carrying value of these assets. our impairment review processes are described in note 1m.
examples of events or circumstances that may be indicative of impairment include:
•a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of the asset. for example, a successful challenge of our patent rights would likely result in generic competition earlier than expected.
•a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used such as a restriction imposed by the fda or other regulatory authorities that could affect our ability to manufacture or sell a product.
•an expectation of losses or reduced profits associated with an asset. this could result, for example, from a change in a government reimbursement program that results in an inability to sustain projected product revenues and profitability. this also could result from the introduction of a competitor's product that impacts projected revenue growth, as well as the lack of acceptance of a product by patients, physicians and payers. for ipr&d projects, this could result from, among other things, a change in outlook based on clinical trial data, a delay in the projected launch date or additional expenditures to commercialize the product.
identifiable intangible assets we use an income approach, specifically the discounted cash flow method to determine the fair value of intangible assets, other than goodwill. we start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows associated with the asset, which incorporates the consideration of a terminal value for indefinite-lived assets, and then we apply an asset-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions that impact our fair value estimates include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections and the impact of technological advancements and risk associated with ipr&d assets, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic origin of the projected cash flows.
while all intangible assets other than goodwill can face events and circumstances that can lead to impairment, those that are most at risk of impairment include ipr&d assets (approximately $3.1 billion as of december 31, 2021) and newly acquired or recently impaired indefinite-lived brand assets. ipr&d assets are high-risk assets, given the uncertain nature of r&d. newly acquired and recently impaired indefinite-lived assets are more vulnerable to impairment as the assets are recorded at fair value and are then subsequently measured at the lower of fair value or carrying value at the end of each reporting period. as such, immediately after acquisition or impairment, even small declines in the outlook for these assets can negatively impact our ability to recover the carrying value and can result in an impairment charge.
goodwill our goodwill impairment review work as of december 31, 2021 concluded that none of our goodwill was impaired and we do not believe the risk of impairment is significant at this time.
in our review, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. qualitative factors that we consider include, for example, macroeconomic and industry conditions, overall financial performance and other relevant entity-specific events. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we then perform a quantitative fair value test.
when we are required to determine the fair value of a reporting unit, we typically use the income approach. the income approach is a forward-looking approach to estimating fair value and relies primarily on internal forecasts. within the income approach, we use the discounted cash flow method. we start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows for the reporting unit, which includes the application of a terminal value, and then we apply a reporting unit-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of technological risk and competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic diversity of the projected cash flows.
for all of our reporting units, there are a number of future events and factors that may impact future results and that could potentially have an impact on the outcome of subsequent goodwill impairment testing. for a list of these factors, see the forward-looking information and factors that may affect future results and the item 1a. risk factors sections in this form 10-k.
benefit plans for a description of our different benefit plans, see note 11.
our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and our judgment regarding future expectations that have been deemed reasonable by management. the judgments made in determining the costs of our benefit plans can materially impact our results of operations.
pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k the following provides (i) at the end of each year, the expected annual rate of return on plan assets for the following year, (ii) the actual annual rate of return on plan assets achieved in each year, and (iii) the weighted-average discount rate used to measure the benefit obligations at the end of each year for our u.s. pension plans and our international pension plans(a):
2021                                                                                                                    2020                                                                                                                    2019
u.s. pension plans expected annual rate of return on plan assets                                                                                                             6.3                   %                                                                                                 6.8                   %                                                                                                 7.0                   %
actual annual rate of return on plan assets                                                                                                               9.2                                                                                                                    14.1                                                                                                                    22.6
discount rate used to measure the plan obligations                                                                                                        2.9                                                                                                                     2.6                                                                                                                     3.3
international pension plans expected annual rate of return on plan assets                                                                                                             3.1                                                                                                                     3.4                                                                                                                     3.6
actual annual rate of return on plan assets                                                                                                              11.4                                                                                                                     9.7                                                                                                                    10.7
discount rate used to measure the plan obligations                                                                                                        1.6                                                                                                                     1.5                                                                                                                     1.7
(a)for detailed assumptions associated with our benefit plans, see note 11b.
expected annual rate of return on plan assets the assumptions for the expected annual rate of return on all of our plan assets reflect our actual historical return experience and our long-term assessment of forward-looking return expectations by asset classes, which is used to develop a weighted-average expected return based on the implementation of our targeted asset allocation in our respective plans.
the expected annual rate of return on plan assets for our u.s. plans and the majority of our international plans is applied to the fair value of plan assets at each year-end and the resulting amount is reflected in our net periodic benefit costs in the following year.
the following illustrates the sensitivity of net periodic benefit costs to a 50 basis point decline in our assumption for the expected annual rate of return on plan assets, holding all other assumptions constant (in millions, pre-tax):
assumption                                                                                                  change                                                                                                      increase in 2022 net periodicbenefit costs expected annual rate of return on plan assets                                                               50 basis point decline                                                                                      $133
the actual return on plan assets was approximately $2.6 billion during 2021.
discount rate used to measure plan obligations the weighted-average discount rate used to measure the plan obligations for our u.s. defined benefit plans is determined at least annually and evaluated and modified, as required, to reflect the prevailing market rate of a portfolio of high-quality fixed income investments, rated aa/aa or better, that reflect the rates at which the pension benefits could be effectively settled. the discount rate used to measure the plan obligations for our international plans is determined at least annually by reference to investment grade corporate bonds, rated aa/aa or better, including, when there is sufficient data, a yield-curve approach. these discount rate determinations are made in consideration of local requirements. the measurement of the plan obligations at the end of the year will affect the amount of service cost, interest cost and amortization expense reflected in our net periodic benefit costs in the following year.
the following illustrates the sensitivity of net periodic benefit costs and benefit obligations to a 10 basis point decline in our assumption for the discount rate, holding all other assumptions constant (in millions, pre-tax):
assumption                                                                    change                                                                        decrease in 2022 net periodic benefit costs                                               increase to 2021 benefit obligations discount rate                                                                 10 basis point decline                                                        $16                                                                                       $442
the change in the discount rates used in measuring our plan obligations as of december 31, 2021 resulted in a decrease in the measurement of our aggregate plan obligations by approximately $786 million.
income tax assets and liabilities income tax assets and liabilities include income tax valuation allowances and accruals for uncertain tax positions. for additional information, see notes 1q and 5, as well as the analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk section within md&a.
contingencies we and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, including tax, legal contingencies and guarantees and indemnifications. for additional information, see notes 1q, 1s, 5d and 16.

analysis of the consolidated statements of income revenues by geography the following presents worldwide revenues by geography:
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       % change worldwide                                                               u.s.                                                                    international                                                                                     worldwide                                        u.s.                                  international
(millions)                 2021                    2020                    2019                    2021                    2020                    2019                    2021                    2020                    2019                                 21/20                     20/19                21/20                  20/19                21/20                     20/19
operating segments:
biopharma                           $79,557                 $40,724                   $38,013               $29,221                 $21,055                   $18,901               $50,336                 $19,670                   $19,112                  95                         7                   39                     11                  156                         3
pfizer centreone                    1,731          926                     810                     524                     400                     437                              1,206          526                     374                                 87                        14                   31                    (8)                  129                        41
consumer healthcare                 -                       -                           2,082               -                       -              988                              -                       -                           1,094                   -                     (100)                    -                  (100)                    -                     (100)
total revenues                      $81,288                 $41,651                   $40,905               $29,746                 $21,455                   $20,326               $51,542                 $20,196                   $20,579                  95                         2                   39                      6                  155                       (2)
2021 v. 2020
the following provides an analysis of the change in worldwide revenues by geographic areas in 2021:
(millions)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 worldwide                                      u.s.                             international operational growth/(decline):
growth from comirnaty, eliquis, biosimilars, vyndaqel/vyndamax, the hospital therapeutic area, inlyta and xtandi, partially offset by a decline from the prevnar family, while xeljanz and ibrance were flat. see the analysis of the consolidated statements of income--revenues--selected product discussion within md&amp;a for additional analysis                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                $38,546                                    $8,802                                   $29,744
growth from pc1 primarily reflecting manufacturing of legacy upjohn products for viatris under manufacturing and supply agreements and certain comirnaty-related manufacturing activities performed on behalf of biontech. see the analysis of the consolidated statements of income--revenues--selected product discussion within md&amp;a for additional analysis                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          780                                       124                                                                    656
lower revenues for chantix/champix, enbrel and sutent: •the decrease for chantix/champix was driven by the voluntary recall across multiple markets in the second half of 2021 and the ongoing global pause in shipments of chantix due to the presence of n-nitroso-varenicline above an acceptable level of intake set by various global regulators, the ultimate timing for resolution of which may vary by country, and the negative impact of the covid-19 pandemic resulting in a decline in patient visits to doctors for preventive health purposes•the decrease for enbrel internationally primarily reflects continued biosimilar competition, which is expected to continue•the decrease for sutent primarily reflects lower volume demand in the u.s. resulting from its loss of exclusivity in august 2021, as well as continued erosion as a result of increased competition in certain international developed markets                                   (869)                                     (501)                                     (368)
other operational factors, net                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (27)                                     (134)                                       106
operational growth, net                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                38,429                                     8,291                                    30,137
favorable impact of foreign exchange                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1,208                                         -                                     1,208
revenues increase/(decrease)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          $39,637                                    $8,291                                   $31,346
emerging markets revenues increased $12.3 billion, or 147%, in 2021 to $20.7 billion from $8.4 billion in 2020, reflecting an operational increase of $12.2 billion, or 145%, and a favorable impact from foreign exchange of approximately 2%. the operational increase in emerging markets was primarily driven by revenues from comirnaty and growth from certain products in the hospital therapeutic area, eliquis and pc1, partially offset by a decline from the prevnar family.

2020 v. 2019
the following provides an analysis of the change in worldwide revenues by geographic areas in 2020:
(millions)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          worldwide                                      u.s.                             international operational growth/(decline):
growth from vyndaqel/vyndamax, eliquis, biosimilars, ibrance, inlyta, xeljanz, xtandi, the hospital therapeutic area and the prevnar family                                                                                                                                     $3,560                                    $2,132                                    $1,428
growth from pc1 in international markets driven by growth of certain key accounts as well new contract manufacturing activities                                                                                                                       114                                                                   (36)          151
impact of completion of the consumer healthcare jv transaction. revenues in 2019 reflect seven months of consumer healthcare business domestic operations and eight months of international operations, and none in 2020                                                       (2,082)                                     (988)                                   (1,094)
lower revenues for enbrel internationally, primarily reflecting continued biosimilar competition in most developed europe markets, as well as in japan and brazil, all of which is expected to continue                                                                          (320)                                         -                                     (320)
decline from chantix/champix reflecting the negative impact of the covid-19 pandemic resulting in a decline in patient visits to doctors for preventive health purposes as well as the loss of patent protection in the u.s. in november 2020                                    (185)                                     (183)                                       (2)
other operational factors, net                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (9)          205                                                                  (214)
operational growth/(decline), net                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1,078                                     1,129                                      (50)
unfavorable impact of foreign exchange                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (331)                                         -                                     (331)
revenues increase/(decrease)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $746                                    $1,129                                    $(383)
revenues for 2020 included an estimated unfavorable impact of approximately $700 million, or 2%, due to covid-19, primarily reflecting lower demand for certain products in china and unfavorable disruptions to wellness visits for patients in the u.s., which negatively impacted prescribing patterns for certain products, partially offset by increased u.s. demand for certain sterile injectable products and increased adult uptake for the prevnar family in certain international markets, resulting from greater vaccine awareness for respiratory illnesses, and u.s. revenues for comirnaty.
emerging markets revenues decreased $456 million, or 5%, in 2020 to $8.4 billion, from $8.8 billion in 2019, and were relatively flat operationally, reflecting an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange of 5% on emerging markets revenues. the relatively flat operational performance was primarily driven by growth from eliquis, the prevnar family, ibrance and zavicefta, offset by lower revenues for consumer healthcare, reflecting the july 31, 2019 completion of the consumer healthcare jv transaction.
revenue deductions our gross product revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, which generally are estimated and recorded in the same period that the revenues are recognized. these deductions represent estimates of related obligations and, as such, knowledge and judgment are required when estimating the impact of these revenue deductions on gross sales for a reporting period. historically, adjustments to these estimates to reflect actual results or updated expectations, have not been material to our overall business and generally have been less than 1% of revenues. product-specific rebates, however, can have a significant impact on year-over-year individual product revenue growth trends.
the following presents information about revenue deductions:
year ended december 31,
(millions)                                         2021                            2020                            2019
medicare rebates                                                       $726                            $647                            $628
medicaid and related state program rebates                            1,214                           1,136                           1,259
performance-based contract rebates                                    3,253                           2,660                           2,332
chargebacks                                                           6,122                           4,531                           3,411
sales allowances                                                      4,809                           3,835                           3,776
sales returns and cash discounts                                      1,054        924                             878
total                                                               $17,178                         $13,733                         $12,284
revenue deductions are primarily a function of product sales volume, mix of products sold, contractual or legislative discounts and rebates.
for information on our accruals for revenue deductions, including the balance sheet classification of these accruals, see note 1h.

revenues-selected product discussion biopharma revenue
(millions)                                                                                                                                  year ended dec. 31,                                      % change product                                                  global                          region                            2021                            2020                    total            oper.       operational results commentary revenues comirnaty(a)                                            $36,781                            u.s.                     $7,809                            $154                             *                        driven by global uptake, following a growing number of regulatory approvals and temporary authorizations.
*
int'l.                                          28,972                               -                                  *                             *
worldwide                                      $36,781                            $154                                  *                             *
eliquis                                                  $5,970                            u.s.                     $3,160                          $2,688                        18                            global growth driven primarily by continued increased adoption in non-valvular atrial fibrillation and oral anti-coagulant market share gains, as well as a favorable adjustment related to the medicare "coverage gap" provision resulting from lower than previously expected discounts in prior periods.
up 19%
(operationally)
int'l.                                           2,810                           2,260                            24                              21
worldwide                                       $5,970                          $4,949                            21                              19
ibrance                                                  $5,437                            u.s.                     $3,418                          $3,634                       (6)                            flat performance driven primarily by accelerating demand internationally as the delays in diagnosis and treatment initiations caused by the covid-19 pandemic show signs of recovery across several international markets, offset by a decline in the u.s., primarily driven by an increase in the proportion of patients accessing ibrance through our patient assistance program.
flat (operationally)
int'l.                                           2,019                           1,758                            15                              12
worldwide                                       $5,437                          $5,392                             1                                  -
prevnar family                                           $5,272                            u.s.                     $2,701                          $2,930                       (8)                            decline primarily resulting from:•the normalization of demand in germany and certain other developed markets following significantly increased adult demand in 2020 resulting from greater vaccine awareness for respiratory illnesses due to the covid-19 pandemic;•the adult indication due to disruptions to healthcare activity related to covid-19, including the prioritization of primary and booster vaccination campaigns for covid-19 in the u.s.;•the continued impact of the lower remaining unvaccinated eligible adult population in the u.s. and the june 2019 change to the acip recommendation for the prevnar 13 adult indication to shared clinical decision-making; and•a decline in the pediatric indication internationally due to disruptions to healthcare activity related to covid-19. this decline was partially offset by:•u.s. growth in the pediatric indication, driven by government purchasing patterns, which was partially offset by disruptions to healthcare activity related to covid-19.
down 11%
(operationally)
int'l.                                           2,571                           2,920                          (12)                            (13)
worldwide                                       $5,272                          $5,850                          (10)                            (11)
xeljanz                                                  $2,455                            u.s.                     $1,647                          $1,706                       (3)                            flat performance as a decline in the u.s. was offset by operational growth internationally. the decline in the u.s. was primarily driven by:•the negative impact of data from a long-term safety study, which resulted in jak class labeling issued by the fda in december 2021;•an unfavorable change in channel mix toward lower-priced channels, despite a 2% increase in underlying demand, driven by growth in our uc and psa indications; and •continued investments to improve formulary positioning and unlock access to additional patient lives. the decline in the u.s. was offset by: •operational growth internationally mainly driven by continued uptake in the uc indication in certain developed markets.
flat
(operationally)
int'l.                        808                                 731                              11                               8
worldwide                  $2,455                              $2,437                               1                                    -
vyndaqel/                                                $2,015                            u.s.                       $909                            $613                        48                            growth primarily driven by continued strong uptake of the attr-cm indication in the u.s., developed europe and japan.
vyndamax                                                 up 55%
(operationally)
int'l.                      1,106                                 675   64                         61
worldwide                  $2,015                              $1,288   56                         55
xtandi                                                   $1,185                            u.s.                     $1,185                          $1,024                        16                            growth primarily driven by strong demand across the mcrpc, nmcrpc and mcspc indications.
up 16%
(operationally)
int'l.               -                                                    -                   -              -
worldwide            $1,185                                          $1,024             16   16
inlyta                                                   $1,002                            u.s.                       $599                            $523                        15                            growth primarily reflects continued adoption in developed europe and the u.s. of combinations of certain immune checkpoint inhibitors and inlyta for the first-line treatment of patients with advanced rcc.
up 26%
(operationally)
int'l.                        403                                 264                              53                              49
worldwide                  $1,002                                $787                              27                              26

revenue
(millions)                                                                                                                year ended dec. 31,            % change product                                            global                    region                      2021                            2020            total                oper.       operational results commentary revenues biosimilars                                        $2,343                      u.s.               $1,561                            $899                    74                            growth primarily driven by recent oncology monoclonal antibody biosimilar launches and growth from retacrit in the u.s.
up 51%
(operationally)
int'l.                      782                          628                        25                              19
worldwide                $2,343                       $1,527                        53                              51
hospital                                           $7,301                      u.s.               $2,688                          $2,705                 (1)                              growth primarily driven by the anti-infectives portfolio in international markets, primarily as a result of recent launches of zavicefta and cresemba.
up 5%
(operationally)
int'l.                    4,613                        4,073                        13                               9
worldwide                $7,301                       $6,777                         8                               5
pfizer centreone revenue
(millions)                                                                                                                year ended dec. 31,            % change operating segment                                        global            region                          2021                          2020            total                oper.       operational results commentary revenues pc1                                                      $1,731            u.s.                       $524                          $400                    31                            growth primarily reflects manufacturing of legacy upjohn products for viatris under manufacturing and supply agreements and certain comirnaty-related manufacturing activities performed on behalf of biontech.
up 84%
(operationally)
int'l.                    1,206           526                                  129                           125
worldwide                $1,731                    $926                         87                            84
(a)comirnaty includes direct sales and alliance revenues related to sales of the pfizer-biontech covid-19 vaccine, which are recorded within our vaccines therapeutic area. it does not include revenues for certain comirnaty-related manufacturing activities performed on behalf of biontech, which are included in the pc1 contract development and manufacturing organization. revenues related to these manufacturing activities totaled $320 million for 2021 and $0 million in 2020.
*calculation is not meaningful or results are equal to or greater than 100%.
see the item 1. business-patents and other intellectual property rights section in this form 10-k for information regarding the expiration of various patent rights, note 16 for a discussion of recent developments concerning patent and product litigation relating to certain of the products discussed above and note 17c for additional information regarding the primary indications or class of the selected products discussed above.
costs and expenses costs and expenses follow:
year ended december 31,                                                    % change
(millions)                                                                                 2021                            2020                            2019                         21/20                         20/19
cost of sales                                                                      $30,821                          $8,484                          $8,054                                  *                        5
percentage of revenues                                                                37.9    %                       20.4    %                       19.7    %
selling, informational and administrative expenses                                  12,703                          11,597                          12,726                            10                           (9)
research and development expenses                                                   13,829                           9,393                           8,385                            47                            12
amortization of intangible assets                                                    3,700                           3,348                           4,429                            11                          (24)
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs                            802                             579                             601                            38                           (4)
other (income)/deductions-net                                                      (4,878)                           1,219                           3,497                                  *                     (65)
*calculation is not meaningful or results are equal to or greater than 100%.
cost of sales
2021 v. 2020
cost of sales increased $22.3 billion, primarily due to:
•the impact of comirnaty, which includes a charge for the 50% gross profit split with biontech and applicable royalty expenses;
•increased sales volumes of other products, driven mostly by pc1; and
•the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange and hedging activity on intercompany inventory.
the increase in cost of sales as a percentage of revenues was primarily due to all of the factors discussed above, partially offset by an increase in alliance revenues, which have no associated cost of sales.
2020 v. 2019
cost of sales increased $431 million, primarily due to:
•increased sales volumes;
•an increase in royalty expenses, due to an increase in sales of related products;

•an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange and hedging activity on intercompany inventory, partially offset by:
•the favorable impact of the july 31, 2019 completion of the consumer healthcare jv transaction.
the increase in cost of sales as a percentage of revenues was primarily due to all of the factors discussed above, partially offset by an increase in alliance revenues, which have no associated cost of sales.
selling, informational and administrative (si&a) expenses
2021 v. 2020
si&a expenses increased $1.1 billion, mostly due to:
•increased product-related spending across multiple therapeutic areas;
•costs related to comirnaty, driven by a higher provision for healthcare reform fees based on sales; and
•an increase in costs related to implementing our cost-reduction/productivity initiatives, partially offset by:
•lower spending on chantix following the loss of patent protection in the u.s. in november 2020.
2020 v. 2019
si&a expenses decreased $1.1 billion, mostly due to:
•the favorable impact of the july 31, 2019 completion of the consumer healthcare jv transaction;
•lower spending for corporate enabling functions;
•lower spending on sales and marketing activities due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic; and
•lower investments across the internal medicine and inflammation & immunology portfolios, partially offset by:
•an increase in costs related to implementing our cost-reduction/productivity initiatives; and
•an increase in business and legal entity alignment costs.
research and development (r&d) expenses
2021 v. 2020
r&d expenses increased $4.4 billion, primarily due to:
•a charge for acquired ipr&d related to our acquisition of trillium;
•a net increase in charges for upfront and milestone payments on collaboration and licensing arrangements, driven by payments to arvinas and beam; and
•increased investments across multiple therapeutic areas, including additional spending related to the development of the oral covid-19 treatment program.
2020 v. 2019
r&d expenses increased $1.0 billion, mainly due to:
•costs related to our collaboration agreement with biontech to co-develop a covid-19 vaccine, including an upfront payment to biontech and a premium paid on our equity investment in biontech;
•a net increase in upfront payments, mainly related to myovant and valneva; and
•increased investments towards building new capabilities and driving automation, partially offset by:
•a net reduction of upfront and milestone payments associated with the acquisition of therachon and akcea in 2019.
amortization of intangible assets
2021 v. 2020
amortization of intangible assets increased $353 million, primarily due to amortization of capitalized comirnaty sales milestones to biontech.
2020 v. 2019
amortization of intangible assets decreased $1.1 billion, mainly due the non-recurrence of amortization of fully amortized assets and the impairment of eucrisa in the fourth quarter of 2019, partially offset by the increase in amortization of intangible assets from our acquisition of array.
for additional information, see notes 2a and 10a.

2022 through 2024. in connection with manufacturing network optimization, we expect net cost savings of $550 million to be achieved primarily from 2020 through 2023.
certain qualifying costs for this program were recorded in 2021 and 2020, and in the fourth quarter of 2019, and are reflected as certain significant items and excluded from our non-gaap measure of adjusted income. see the non-gaap financial measure: adjusted income section of this md&a.
in addition to this program, we continuously monitor our operations for cost reduction and/or productivity opportunities, especially in light of the losses of exclusivity and the expiration of collaborative arrangements for various products.
other (income)/deductions--net
2021 v. 2020
other income-net increased $6.1 billion, mainly due to:
•net periodic benefit credits recorded in 2021 versus net periodic benefit costs recorded in 2020;
•lower asset impairment charges;
•higher net gains on equity securities; and
•net gains on asset disposals in 2021 versus net losses in 2020.
2020 v. 2019
other deductions-net decreased $2.3 billion, mainly due to:
•lower asset impairment charges;
•lower business and legal entity alignment costs;
•higher consumer healthcare jv equity method income;
•lower charges for certain legal matters; and
•higher income from collaborations, out-licensing arrangements and sales of compound/product rights, partially offset by:
•higher net losses on asset disposals.
see note 4 for additional information.
provision/(benefit) for taxes on income year ended december 31,   % change
(millions)                                                           2021                      2020                      2019   21/20                      20/19
provision/(benefit) for taxes on income                        $1,852                      $370                      $583       *                       (36)
effective tax rate on continuing operations                       7.6   %                   5.3   %                   5.2   %
*indicates calculation not meaningful or result is equal to or greater than 100%.
for information about our effective tax rate and the events and circumstances contributing to the changes between periods, as well as details about discrete elements that impacted our tax provisions, see note 5.
discontinued operations for information about our discontinued operations, see note 2b.
product developments a comprehensive update of pfizer's development pipeline was published as of february 8, 2022 and is available at www.pfizer.com/science/drug-product-pipeline. it includes an overview of our research and a list of compounds in development with targeted indication and phase of development, as well as mechanism of action for some candidates in phase 1 and all candidates from phase 2 through registration.
the following provides information about significant marketing application-related regulatory actions by, and filings pending with, the fda and regulatory authorities in the eu and japan.
the table below includes only approvals for products that have occurred in the last twelve months and does not include approvals that may have occurred prior to that time. the table includes filings with regulatory decisions pending (even if the filing occurred outside of the last twelve-month period).
pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k product                                                                    disease area                                                                              approved/filed*
u.s.                                                                       eu                                                                                        japan comirnaty/bnt162b2(pf-07302048)(a)                                         immunization to prevent covid-19 (16 years of age and older)                              blaaug. 2021               cmadec. 2020               approvedfeb. 2021
immunization to prevent covid-19 (12-15 years of age)                      eua may 2021                                                                              cma may 2021               approvedmay2021
immunization to prevent covid-19 (booster)                                 eua sep. 2021                                                                             cma oct. 2021              approved nov.2021
immunization to prevent covid-19 (5-11 years of age)                       euaoct.2021                                                                               cma nov. 2021              approvedjan.2022
bavencio (avelumab)(b)                                                     first-line maintenance urothelial cancer                                                                             approvedjan. 2021          approvedfeb. 2021
xtandi(enzalutamide)(c)                                                    mcspc                                                                                                                approvedapril 2021
cibinqo                                                                    atopic dermatitis                                                                         approvedjan.2022           approveddec.2021           approvedsep.2021
(abrocitinib)
xeljanz                                                                    ankylosing spondylitis                                                                    approveddec.2021           approvednov.2021
(tofacitinib)
myfembree(relugolix fixed dose combination)(d)                             uterine fibroids (combination with estradiol and norethindrone acetate)                   approvedmay2021
endometriosis (combination with estradiol and norethindrone acetate)       filedsep.2021
lorbrena/lorviqua (lorlatinib)                                             first-line alk-positive nsclc                                                             approvedmar. 2021          approvedjan.2022           approvednov.2021
ngenla(somatrogon)(e)                                                      pediatric growth hormone deficiency                                                       filedjan.2021              approvedfeb.2022           approvedjan.2022
prevnar 20/apexxnar(vaccine)(f)                                            immunization to prevent invasive and non-invasive pneumococcal infections (adults)        approvedjune2021           approvedfeb.2022
ticovac                                                                    immunization to prevent tick-borne encephalitis                                           approved aug. 2021
(vaccine)
paxlovid(g) (nirmatrelvir [pf-07321332]; ritonavir)                        covid-19 infection (high risk population)                                                 eua dec. 2021              cma jan. 2022              approved feb. 2022
rimegepant(h)                                                              acute migraine                                                                                                       filed feb. 2021
migraine prevention                                                                                                                                                  filed feb. 2021
*for the u.s., the filing date is the date on which the fda accepted our submission. for the eu, the filing date is the date on which the ema validated our submission.
(a)being developed in collaboration with biontech. prior to bla, comirnaty/bnt162b2 for ages 16 and up was available in the u.s. pursuant to an eua from the fda on december 11, 2020. in december 2021, a supplemental bla was submitted to the fda requesting to expand the approval of comirnaty to include individuals ages 12 through 15 years. in february 2022, following a request from the fda, a rolling submission seeking to amend the eua to include children 6 months through 4 years of age (6 months to <5 years of age) was initiated as we wait for data evaluating a third 3 μg dose given at least two months after the second dose of the two-dose series in this age group. a booster dose received eua from the fda on september 22, 2021 for individuals 65 years of age and older, individuals 18 through 64 years of age at high risk of severe covid-19, and individuals 18 through 64 years of age with frequent institutional or occupational exposure to sars-cov-2. in addition, in october 2021, the fda authorized for emergency use a booster dose to eligible individuals who have completed primary vaccination with a different authorized covid-19 vaccine. subsequently, the fda expanded the booster eua: (i) in november 2021 to include individuals 18 years of age and older, (ii) in december 2021 to include individuals 16 years of age and older and (iii) in january 2022 to include individuals 12 years of age and older as well as individuals 5 through 11 years of age who have been determined to have certain kinds of immunocompromise. a booster dose received conditional marketing authorization from the ema in october 2021 for individuals 18 years of age and older and may be given to individuals 5 years and older with a severely weakened immune system, at least 28 days after their second dose. a booster dose received approval in japan in november 2021 for 18 years of age and older.
(b)being developed in collaboration with merck kgaa, germany.
(c)being developed in collaboration with astellas.
(d)being developed in collaboration with myovant.
(e)being developed in collaboration with opko. in january 2022, pfizer and opko received a complete response letter (crl) from the fda for the bla for somatrogon. pfizer is evaluating the crl and will work with the fda to determine an appropriate path forward in the u.s.
(f)in october 2021, the cdc's acip voted to recommend prevnar 20 for routine use in adults. specifically, the acip voted to recommend the following: (i) adults 65 years of age or older who have not previously received a pneumococcal conjugate vaccine or whose previous vaccination history is unknown should receive a pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (either pneumococcal 20-valent conjugate vaccine (pcv20) or pneumococcal 15-valent conjugate vaccine (pcv15)). if pcv15 is used, this should be followed by a dose of pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine (ppsv23); and (ii) adults aged 19 years of age or older with certain underlying medical conditions or other risk factors who have not previously received a pneumococcal conjugate vaccine or whose previous vaccination history is unknown should receive a pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (either pcv20 or pcv15). if pcv15 is used, this should be followed by a dose of ppsv23. the pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k recommendations were published in the morbidity and mortality weekly report on january 28, 2022. the publication also notes "for adults who have received pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (pcv13) but have not completed their recommended pneumococcal vaccine series with ppsv23, one dose of prevnar 20 may be used if ppsv23 is not available."
(g)in december 2021, the fda authorized the emergency use of paxlovid for the treatment of mild-to-moderate covid-19 in adults and pediatric patients (12 years of age and older weighing at least 40 kg [88 lbs]) with positive results of direct sars-cov-2 viral testing, and who are at high risk for progression to severe covid-19, including hospitalization or death. in january 2022, the ema approved the cma of paxlovid for treating covid-19 in adults who do not require supplemental oxygen and who are at increased risk of the disease becoming severe.
(h)under a commercialization arrangement with biohaven.
in september 2021, the fda issued a drug safety communication (dsc) related to xeljanz/xeljanz xr and two competitors' arthritis medicines in the same drug class, based on its completed review of the oral surveillance trial. the dsc stated that the fda will require revisions to the boxed warnings for each of these medicines to include information about the risks of serious heart-related events, cancer, blood clots, and death. in addition, the dsc indicated the fda's intention to limit approved uses of these products to certain patients who have not responded or cannot tolerate one or more tumor necrosis factor (tnf) blockers. in december 2021, in light of the results from the completed required postmarketing safety study of xeljanz, oral surveillance (a3921133), the u.s. label for xeljanz was revised. in addition, at the request of the ec, the prac of the ema has adopted a referral procedure under article 20 of regulation (ec) no 726/2004 to assess safety information relating to oral jak inhibitors authorized for inflammatory diseases, including xeljanz and cibinqo, which is ongoing. for additional information, see item 1a. risk factors-post-authorization/approval data.
in china, the following products received regulatory approvals in the last twelve months: cresemba for fungal infection and besponsa for second line acute lymphoblastic leukemia, both in december 2021.
the following provides information about additional indications and new drug candidates in late-stage development:
product/candidate                                                                               proposed disease area late-stage clinical programs for additional uses and dosage formsfor in-line and in-registration products         ibrance (palbociclib)(a)                                                                        er+/her2+ metastatic breast cancer xtandi (enzalutamide)(b)                                                                                          non-metastatic high-risk castration sensitive prostate cancer talzenna (talazoparib)                                                                                            combination with xtandi (enzalutamide) for first-line mcrpc combination with xtandi (enzalutamide) for dna damage repair (ddr)-deficient mcspc pf-06482077 (vaccine)                                                                                             immunization to prevent invasive and non-invasive pneumococcal infections (pediatric)
somatrogon (pf-06836922)(c)                                                                                       adult growth hormone deficiency braftovi (encorafenib) and erbitux® (cetuximab)(d)                                                                first-line brafv600e-mutant mcrc myfembree(relugolix fixed dose combination)(e)                                                                    combination with estradiol and norethindrone acetate for contraceptive efficacy braftovi (encorafenib) and mektovi (binimetinib) and keytruda® (pembrolizumab)(f)                                 brafv600e-mutant metastatic or unresectable locally advanced melanoma comirnaty/bnt162b2(pf-07302048)(g)                                                                                immunization to prevent covid-19 (children 2 to &lt;5 years of age)
immunization to prevent covid-19 (infants 6 months to &lt;24 months)
paxlovid (nirmatrelvir [pf-07321332]; ritonavir)                                                covid-19 infection (standard risk population)
covid-19 infection (post exposure prophylaxis)
new drug candidates in late-stage development                                                                     aztreonam-avibactam                                                                             treatment of infections caused by gram-negative bacteria
(pf-06947387)
fidanacogene elaparvovec (pf-06838435)(h)                                                                         hemophilia b giroctocogene fitelparvovec (pf-07055480)(i)                                                                      hemophilia a pf-06425090 (vaccine)                                                                                             immunization to prevent primary clostridioides difficile infection pf-06886992 (vaccine)                                                                                             immunization to prevent serogroups meningococcal infection (adolescent and young adults)
pf-06928316 (vaccine)                                                                                             immunization to prevent respiratory syncytial virus infection (maternal)
immunization to prevent respiratory syncytial virus infection (older adults)
pf-07265803                                                                                                       dilated cardiomyopathy due to lamin a/c gene mutation ritlecitinib (pf-06651600)                                                                                        alopecia areata sasanlimab (pf-06801591)                                                                                          combination with bacillus calmette-guerin for non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer fordadistrogene movaparvovec (pf-06939926)                                                                        duchenne muscular dystrophy marstacimab (pf-06741086)                                                                                         hemophilia elranatamab (pf-06863135)                                                                                         multiple myeloma, double-class exposed omicron-based mrna vaccine(g)                                                                                     immunization to prevent covid-19 (adults)
(a)being developed in collaboration with the alliance foundation trials, llc.
(b)being developed in collaboration with astellas.
(c)being developed in collaboration with opko.
(d)erbitux® is a registered trademark of imclone llc. in the eu, we are developing in collaboration with the pierre fabre group. in japan, we are developing in collaboration with ono pharmaceutical co., ltd.
(e)being developed in collaboration with myovant.
(f)keytruda® is a registered trademark of merck sharp & dohme corp.
(g)being developed in collaboration with biontech.

(h)being developed in collaboration with spark therapeutics, inc.
(i)being developed in collaboration with sangamo therapeutics, inc.
in february 2022, pfizer and merck kgaa, darmstadt, germany (merck kgaa) provided an update on the phase 3 javelin lung 100 trial, which assessed the safety and efficacy of two dosing regimens of avelumab monotherapy compared with platinum-based doublet chemotherapy as first-line treatment in patients with metastatic nsclc whose tumors express pd-l1. while avelumab showed clinical activity in this population, the study did not meet the primary endpoints of overall survival and progression-free survival in the high pd-l1+population for either of the avelumab dosing regimens evaluated. the safety profile for avelumab in this trial was consistent with that observed in the overall javelin clinical development program. avelumab is not approved for the treatment of any patients with nsclc. the outcome of the javelin lung 100 trial has no bearing on any of avelumab's currently-approved indications. full results of the study will be shared at a future date.
in the fourth quarter of 2021, enrollment was stopped in c4591015 study (a phase 2/3 placebo controlled randomized observer-blind study to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity of bnt162b2 against covid-19 in healthy pregnant women 18 years of age and older). this study was developed prior to availability or recommendation for covid-19 vaccination in pregnant women. the environment changed during 2021 and by september 2021, covid-19 vaccines were recommended by applicable recommending bodies (e.g., acip in the u.s.) for pregnant women in all participating/planned countries, and as a result the enrollment rate declined significantly. with the declining enrollment, the study had insufficient sample size to assess the primary immunogenicity objective and continuation of this placebo controlled study could no longer be justified due to global recommendations. this proposal was shared with and agreed to by fda and ema.
for additional information about our r&d organization, see the item 1. business-research and development section of this form 10-k.
non-gaap financial measure: adjusted income adjusted income is an alternative measure of performance used by management to evaluate our overall performance in conjunction with other performance measures. as such, we believe that investors' understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing this measure. we use adjusted income, certain components of adjusted income and adjusted diluted eps to present the results of our major operations--the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide--prior to considering certain income statement elements as follows:
measure                                                                                                                                                                                                                       definition                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   relevance of metrics to our business performance adjusted income                                                                                                                                                                                                               net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders(a)before the impact of purchase accounting for acquisitions, acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items                                                                                                                                                                                     •provides investors useful information to:◦evaluate the normal recurring operational activities, and their components, on a comparable year-over-year basis◦assist in modeling expected future performance on a normalized basis•provides investors insight into the way we manage our budgeting and forecasting, how we evaluate and manage our recurring operations and how we reward and compensate our senior management(b)
adjusted cost of sales, adjusted selling, informational and administrative expenses, adjusted research and development expenses, adjusted amortization of intangible assets and adjusted other (income)/deductions--net       cost of sales, selling, informational and administrative expenses, research and development expenses, amortization of intangible assets and other (income)/deductions--net (a), each before the impact of purchase accounting for acquisitions, acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items, which are components of the adjusted income measure adjusted diluted eps                                                                                                                                                                                                          eps attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders--diluted (a) before the impact of purchase accounting for acquisitions, acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items
(a)most directly comparable gaap measure.
(b)the short-term incentive plans for substantially all non-sales-force employees worldwide are funded from a pool based on our performance, measured in significant part by three metrics, one of which is adjusted diluted eps, which is derived from adjusted income and accounts for 40% of the bonus pool funding tied to financial performance. additionally, the payout for performance share awards is determined in part by adjusted net income, which is derived from adjusted income. the bonus pool funding, which is largely based on financial performance, may be modified by our r&d performance as measured by four metrics relating to our pipeline and may be further modified by our compensation committee's assessment of other factors.
adjusted income and its components and adjusted diluted eps are non-gaap financial measures that have no standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and, therefore, are limited in their usefulness to investors. because of their non-standardized definitions, they may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies and are presented to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses performance. a limitation of these measures is that they provide a view of our operations without including all events during a period, and do not provide a comparable view of our performance to peers. these measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for their directly comparable gaap measures of net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders, components of net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders and eps attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders-diluted, respectively. see the accompanying reconciliations of certain gaap reported to non-gaap adjusted information-certain line items for 2021, 2020 and 2019 below.
we also recognize that, as internal measures of performance, these measures have limitations, and we do not restrict our performance-management process solely to these measures. we also use other tools designed to achieve the highest levels of performance. for example, our r&d organization has productivity targets, upon which its effectiveness is measured. in addition, total shareholder return, both on an absolute basis and relative to a publicly traded pharmaceutical index, plays a significant role in determining payouts under certain of our incentive compensation plans.
pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k purchase accounting adjustments adjusted income excludes certain significant purchase accounting impacts resulting from business combinations and net asset acquisitions. these impacts can include the incremental charge to cost of sales from the sale of acquired inventory that was written up to fair value, amortization related to the increase in fair value of the acquired finite-lived intangible assets, and to a much lesser extent, depreciation related to the increase/decrease in fair value of the acquired fixed assets, amortization related to the increase in fair value of acquired debt, and the fair value changes for contingent consideration. therefore, the adjusted income measure includes the revenues earned upon the sale of the acquired products without considering the acquisition cost of those products.
the exclusion of amortization attributable to acquired intangible assets provides management and investors an alternative view of our results by providing a degree of parity to internally developed intangible assets for which r&d costs have been expensed. however, we have not factored in the impacts of any other differences that might have occurred if we had discovered and developed those intangible assets on our own, such as different r&d costs, timelines or resulting sales; accordingly, this approach does not intend to be representative of the results that would have occurred if we had discovered and developed the acquired intangible assets internally.
acquisition-related items adjusted income excludes acquisition-related items, which are comprised of transaction, integration, restructuring charges and additional depreciation costs for business combinations because these costs are unique to each transaction and represent costs that were incurred to restructure and integrate businesses as a result of an acquisition. we have made no adjustments for resulting synergies.
the significant costs incurred in connection with a business combination result primarily from the need to eliminate duplicate assets, activities or employees--a natural result of acquiring a fully integrated set of activities. for this reason, we believe that such costs incurred can be viewed differently in the context of an acquisition from those costs incurred in other, more normal, business contexts. the integration and restructuring costs for a business combination may occur over several years, with the more significant impacts typically ending within three years of the relevant transaction. because of the need for certain external approvals for some actions, the span of time needed to achieve certain restructuring and integration activities can be lengthy.
discontinued operations adjusted income excludes the results of discontinued operations, as well as any related gains or losses on the disposal of such operations. we believe that this presentation is meaningful to investors because, while we review our therapeutic areas and product lines for strategic fit with our operations, we do not build or run our business with the intent to discontinue parts of our business. restatements due to discontinued operations do not impact compensation or change the adjusted income measure for the compensation in respect of the restated periods, but are presented for consistency across all periods.
certain significant items adjusted income excludes certain significant items representing substantive and/or unusual items that are evaluated individually on a quantitative and qualitative basis. certain significant items may be highly variable and difficult to predict. furthermore, in some cases it is reasonably possible that they could reoccur in future periods. for example, although major non-acquisition-related cost-reduction programs are specific to an event or goal with a defined term, we may have subsequent programs based on reorganizations of the business, cost productivity or in response to loe or economic conditions. legal charges to resolve litigation are also related to specific cases, which are facts and circumstances specific and, in some cases, may also be the result of litigation matters at acquired companies that were inestimable, not probable or unresolved at the date of acquisition. gains and losses on equity securities have a very high degree of inherent market volatility, which we do not control and cannot predict with any level of certainty and because we do not believe including these gains and losses assists investors in understanding our business or is reflective of our core operations and business. unusual items represent items that are not part of our ongoing business; items that, either as a result of their nature or size, we would not expect to occur as part of our normal business on a regular basis; items that would be non-recurring; or items that relate to products we no longer sell. see the reconciliations of gaap reported to non-gaap adjusted information--certain line items below for a non-inclusive list of certain significant items.
beginning in 2021, we exclude pension and postretirement actuarial remeasurement gains and losses from our measure of adjusted income because of their inherent market volatility, which we do not control and cannot predict with any level of certainty and because we do not believe including these gains and losses assists investors in understanding our business or is reflective of our core operations and business.
pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k reconciliations of gaap reported to non-gaap adjusted information--certain line items
2021
data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals.                                                                     cost of sales            selling, informational and administrative expenses                      research and development expenses            amortization of intangible assets                  other (income)/deductions--net                                                  net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders(a)        earnings per common share attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders--diluted in millions, except per common share data gaap reported                                                                                                                  $30,821                   $12,703                                                                             $13,829                          $3,700                                             $(4,878)                                                                                                       $21,979                                                                              $3.85
purchase accounting adjustments(b)                                                                                                  25                   (3)                                                                                       6                          (3,088)                                            (114)                                                                                                            3,175
acquisition-related items                                                                                                            -                   -                                                                                         -                          -                                                  -                                                                                                                   52
discontinued operations(c)                                                                                                           -                   -                                                                                         -                          -                                                  -                                                                                                                  585
certain significant items:
restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation-asset restructuring(d)                      (108)                   (450)                                                                                   (1)                          -                                                  -                                                                                                                1,309
certain asset impairments(e)                                                                                                         -                   -                                                                                         -                          -                                                  (86)                                                                                                                86
upfront and milestone payments on collaborative and licensing arrangements(f)                                                        -                   -                                                                                   (1,056)                          -                                                  -                                                                                                                1,056
(gains)/losses on equity securities(g)                                                                                               -                   -                                                                                         -                          -                                                  1,338                                                                                                          (1,338)
actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses(g)                                                      -                   -                                                                                         -                          -                                                  1,601                                                                                                          (1,601)
asset acquisitions of ipr&amp;d(h)                                                                                                   -                   -                                                                                   (2,240)                          -                                                  -                                                                                                                2,240
other                                                                                                                             (52)                   (141)                                                                                  (15)                          -                                                  (334)                   (i)                                                                                        542
income tax provision-non-gaap items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (2,848)
non-gaap adjusted                                                                                                              $30,685                   $12,110                                                                             $10,523                          $613                                               $(2,473)                                                                                                       $25,236                                                                              $4.42
2020
data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals.in millions, except per common share data                            cost of sales            selling, informational and administrative expenses                               research and development expenses            amortization of intangible assets                                 other (income)/deductions--net                                   net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders(a)        earnings per common share attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders--diluted gaap reported                                                                                                                   $8,484                   $11,597                                                                                       $9,393                          $3,348                                                    $1,219                                                                                                   $9,159                                                                              $1.63
purchase accounting adjustments(b)                                                                                                  18                   (2)                                                                                                5                          (3,064)                                                     (75)                                                                                                    3,117
acquisition-related items                                                                                                            -                   -                                                                                                  -                          -                                                              -                                                                                                       44
discontinued operations(c)                                                                                                           -                   -                                                                                                  -                          -                                                              -                                                                                                  (2,879)
certain significant items:
restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation-asset restructuring(d)                       (61)                   (197)                                                                                              2                          -                                                              -                                                                                                      791
certain asset impairments(e)                                                                                                         -                   -                                                                                                  -                          -                                                        (1,691)                                                                                                    1,691
upfront and milestone payments on collaborative and licensing arrangements(f)                                                        -                   -                                                                                              (454)                          -                                                              -                                                                                                      454
(gains)/losses on equity securities(g)                                                                                               -                   -                                                                                                  -                          -                                                            557                                                                                                    (557)
actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses(g)                                                      -                   -                                                                                                  -                          -                                                        (1,092)                                                                                                    1,092
asset acquisitions of ipr&amp;d(h)                                                                                                   -                   -                                                                                               (50)                          -                                                              -                                                                                                       50
other                                                                                                                             (56)                   (292)                            (j)                                                            (24)                          -                                                          (697)           (i)                                                                                      1,063
income tax provision-non-gaap items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (1,299)
non-gaap adjusted                                                                                                               $8,386                   $11,106                                                                                       $8,872                          $284                                                    $(1,779)                                                                                                  $12,727                                                                              $2.26

2019
data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals.in millions, except per common share data                            cost of sales                selling, informational and administrative expenses                  research and development expenses            amortization of intangible assets                                 other (income)/deductions--net                                   net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders(a)        earnings per common share attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders--diluted gaap reported                                                                                                                   $8,054                                               $12,726                                                  $8,385                          $4,429                                                    $3,497                                                                                                  $16,026                                                                              $2.82
purchase accounting adjustments(b)                                                                                                  19                                                     2                                                       4                          (4,158)                                                     (21)                                                                                                    4,153
acquisition-related items                                                                                                            -                                                   (2)                                                       -                          -                                                              -                                                                                                      185
discontinued operations(c)                                                                                                           -                                                     -                                                       -                          -                                                              -                                                                                                  (6,056)
certain significant items:
restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation-asset restructuring(d)                       (89)                                                  (73)                                                    (30)                          -                                                              -                                                                                                      611
certain asset impairments(e)                                                                                                         -                                                     -                                                       -                          -                                                        (2,757)                                                                                                    2,757
upfront and milestone payments on collaborative and licensing arrangements(f)                                                        -                                                     -                                                   (279)                          -                                                              -                                                                                                      279
(gains)/losses on equity securities(g)                                                                                               -                                                     -                                                       -                          -                                                            415                                                                                                    (415)
actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses(g)                                                      -                                                     -                                                       -                          -                                                          (750)                                                                                                      750
(gain) on completion of consumer healthcare jv transaction                                                                           -                                                     -                                                       -                          -                                                              -                                                                                                  (8,107)
asset acquisitions of ipr&amp;d(h)                                                                                                   -                                                     -                                                   (337)                          -                                                              -                                                                                                      337
other                                                                                                                            (118)                                                 (190)                                                    (18)                          -                                                        (1,007)           (i)                                                                                      1,333
income tax provision-non-gaap items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (797)
non-gaap adjusted                                                                                                               $7,865                                               $12,463                                                  $7,726                          $271                                                      $(623)                                                                                                  $11,056                                                                              $1.95
(a)items that reconcile gaap reported to non-gaap adjusted balances are shown pre-tax and include discontinued operations. our effective tax rates for gaap reported income from continuing operations were: 7.6% in 2021, 5.3% in 2020 and 5.2% in 2019. see note 5. our effective tax rates on non-gaap adjusted income were: 15.3% in 2021, 13.7% in 2020 and 16.0% in 2019.
(b)purchase accounting adjustments include items such as the incremental charge to cost of sales from the sale of acquired inventory that was written up to fair value, amortization related to the increase in fair value of the acquired finite-lived intangible assets, depreciation related to the increase/decrease in fair value of the acquired fixed assets, amortization related to the increase in fair value of acquired debt, and the fair value changes for contingent consideration. for all years presented, primarily consists of amortization of intangible assets.
(c)relates primarily to the spin-off of our upjohn business, and our sale of meridian. see note 2b.
(d)includes employee termination costs, asset impairments and other exit costs related to our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives not associated with acquisitions. see note 3.
(e)primarily includes intangible asset impairment charges. for 2020, $900 million is related to ipr&d assets acquired from array and $528 million is related to eucrisa. for 2019, $2.6 billion is related to eucrisa. see note 4.
(f)primarily includes the following charges: (i) for 2021, an upfront payment to arvinas and a premium paid on our equity investment in arvinas totaling $706 million, a $300 million upfront payment to beam and a $50 million net upfront payment to biontech; (ii) for 2020, a payment of $151 million representing the expense portion of an upfront payment to myovant, an upfront payment to valneva of $130 million, an upfront payment to biontech and a premium paid on our equity investment in biontech totaling $98 million, as well as a $75 million milestone payment to akcea; and (iii) for 2019, an upfront license fee payment of $250 million to akcea.
(g)(gains)/losses on equity securities, and actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses are removed from adjusted earnings due to their inherent market volatility.
(h)primarily includes payments for acquired ipr&d. for 2021, includes a $2.1 billion charge related to our acquisition of trillium, which was accounted for as an asset acquisition, and a $177 million charge related to an asset acquisition completed in the second quarter of 2021. for 2019, included a $337 million charge related to our acquisition of therachon, which was accounted for as an asset acquisition.
(i)for 2021, the total of $334 million primarily includes: (i) charges representing our equity-method accounting pro rata share of restructuring charges and costs of preparing for separation from gsk of $185 million recorded by the consumer healthcare jv and (ii) charges for certain legal matters of $162 million. for 2020, the total of $697 million primarily included: (i) charges of $367 million, which represent our equity-method accounting pro rata share of transaction-specific restructuring and business combination accounting charges recorded by the consumer healthcare jv, and (ii) losses on asset disposals of $238 million. for 2019, the total of $1.0 billion primarily included: (i) $300 million of business and legal entity alignment costs for consulting, legal, tax and advisory services associated with the design, planning and implementation of our then new business structure, effective in the beginning of 2019, (ii) charges for certain legal matters of $291 million, (iii) charges of $152 million for external incremental costs, such as transaction costs and costs to separate our consumer healthcare business into a separate legal entity associated with the formation of the consumer healthcare jv, (iv) net losses on early retirement of debt of $138 million and (v) charges of $112 million representing our equity-method accounting pro rata share of restructuring and business combination accounting charges recorded by the consumer healthcare jv.
(j)for 2020, amounts in selling, informational and administrative expenses of $292 million primarily include costs for consulting, legal, tax and advisory services associated with a non-recurring internal reorganization of legal entities.
pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k analysis of the consolidated statements of cash flows cash flows from continuing operations year ended december 31,
(millions)                                            2021                       2020                          2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                drivers of change cash provided by/(used in):
operating activities from continuing operations                $32,922                       $10,540                       $7,015                 2021 v. 2020the change was driven primarily by higher net income adjusted for non-cash items, the payment for the acquisition of trillium, a decrease in contributions to pension plans, and the impact of timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business, mostly from an increase in cash flows from other current liabilities driven by: (i) a $9.7 billion accrual for the gross profit split due to biontech, (ii) an increase in royalties payable, as well as (iii) an increase in deferred revenues for advance payments in 2021 for comirnaty. the change in other adjustments, net, is mostly due to an increase in unrealized gains on equity securities.2020 v. 2019the change was driven mainly by higher net income adjusted for non-cash items, advanced payments in 2020 for comirnaty recorded in deferred revenue, the upfront cash payment associated with our acquisition of therachon in 2019, and the upfront cash payment associated with our licensing agreement with akcea in 2019, partially offset by an increase in benefit plan contributions.the change also reflects the impact of timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business.the change in other adjustments, net was driven primarily by an increase in equity method dividends received, partially offset by an increase in equity income and increases in net unrealized gains on equity securities.
investing activities from continuing operations                $(22,534)                     $(4,162)                      $(3,825)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2021 v. 2020the change was driven mainly by a $24.7 billion increase in purchases of short-term investments with original maturities of greater than three months and a $9.0 billion increase in net purchases of short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less, partially offset by a $16.4 billion increase in redemptions of short-term investments with original maturities of greater than three months.2020 v. 2019the change was driven mostly by a $6.0 billion decrease in net proceeds from short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less and $2.7 billion in net purchases of short-term investments with original maturities of greater than three months in 2020 (compared to $2.3 billion net proceeds from short-term investments with original maturities of greater than three months in 2019), partially offset by the cash used to acquire array, net of cash acquired, of $10.9 billion in 2019.
financing activities from continuing operations                $(9,816)                      $(21,640)                     $(8,485)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               2021 v. 2020the change was driven mostly by a $9.8 billion net reduction in repayments of short-term borrowings with maturities of greater than three months, a $4.0 billion decrease in net payments on short-term borrowings with maturities of three months or less and a $2.0 billion reduction in repayments of long-term debt, partially offset by a $4.2 billion decrease in proceeds from issuances of long-term debt. 2020 v. 2019the change was driven mostly by $14.0 billion net payments of short-term borrowings in 2020 (compared to $10.6 billion net proceeds raised from short-term borrowings in 2019) and an increase in cash dividends paid of $397 million, partially offset by a decrease in purchases of common stock of $8.9 billion, lower repayments on long-term debt of $2.8 billion, and an increase in issuances of long-term debt of $280 million.
cash flows from discontinued operations cash flows from discontinued operations primarily relate to our former meridian subsidiary, upjohn business and the mylan-japan collaboration (see note 2b). in 2020, net cash provided by financing activities from discontinued operations primarily reflects issuances of long-term debt.
analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk due to our significant operating cash flows, which is a key strength of our liquidity and capital resources and our primary funding source, as well as our financial assets, access to capital markets, revolving credit agreements, and available lines of credit, we believe that we have, and will maintain, the ability to meet our liquidity needs to support ongoing operations, our capital allocation objectives, and our contractual and other obligations for the foreseeable future.
pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k we focus efforts to optimize operating cash flows through achieving working capital efficiencies that target accounts receivable, inventories, accounts payable, and other working capital. excess cash from operating cash flows is invested in money market funds and available-for-sale debt securities which consist of primarily high-quality, highly liquid, well-diversified debt securities. we have taken, and will continue to take, a conservative approach to our financial investments and monitoring of our liquidity position in response to market changes. we typically maintain cash and cash equivalent balances and short-term investments which, together with our available revolving credit facilities, are in excess of our commercial paper and other short-term borrowings.
additionally, we may obtain funding through short-term or long-term sources from our access to the capital markets, banking relationships and relationships with other financial intermediaries to meet our liquidity needs.
diverse sources of funds:                 related disclosure presented in this form 10-k internal sources:
•operating cash flows                     consolidated statements of cash flows - operating activities and the analysis of the consolidated statements of cash flows within md&amp;a
•cash and cash equivalents                consolidated balance sheets
•money market funds                       note 7a
•available-for-sale debt securities       note 7a, 7b external sources:
short-term funding:
•commercial paper                         note 7c
•revolving credit facilities              note 7c
•lines of credit                          note 7c long-term funding:
•long-term debt                           note 7d
•equity                                   consolidated statements of equity and note 12
for additional information about the sources and uses of our funds and capital resources for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, see the analysis of the consolidated statements of cash flows in this md&a.
in august 2021, we completed a public offering of $1 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured sustainability notes. we are using the net proceeds to finance or refinance, in whole or in part as follows: r&d expenses related to our covid-19 vaccines, capital expenditures in connection with the manufacture and distribution of covid-19 vaccines and our other projects that have environmental and/or social benefits. for additional information, see note 7d.
credit ratings the cost and availability of financing are influenced by credit ratings, and increases or decreases in our credit rating could have a beneficial or adverse effect on financing. our long-term debt is rated high-quality by both s&p and moody's. in november 2020, upon the completion of the upjohn separation, both moody's and s&p lowered our long-term debt rating one notch to 'a2' and 'a+', respectively, and our short-term rating remained unchanged. s&p continues to rate our long-term debt rating outlook as stable since november 2020, while moody's recently upgraded our long-term debt rating outlook to positive in december 2021.
the current ratings assigned to our commercial paper and senior unsecured long-term debt:
name of rating agency                              pfizer short-term rating                              pfizer long-term rating                            outlook/watch moody's                                            p-1                                                   a2                                                 positive s&amp;p                                            a-1+                                                  a+                                                 stable a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and the rating is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
capital allocation framework our capital allocation framework is devised to facilitate (i) the achievement of medical breakthroughs through r&d investments and business development activities and (ii) returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. see the overview of our performance, operating environment, strategy and outlook-our business and strategy section of this md&a.
our current and projected dividends provide a return to shareholders while maintaining sufficient capital to invest in growing our business. our dividends are not restricted by debt covenants. while the dividend level remains a decision of pfizer's bod and will continue to be evaluated in the context of future business performance, we currently believe that we can support future annual dividend increases, barring significant unforeseen events. in december 2021, our bod declared a first-quarter dividend of $0.40 per share, payable on march 4, 2022, to shareholders of record at the close of business on january 28, 2022. the first-quarter 2022 cash dividend will be our 333rd consecutive quarterly dividend.
see note 12 for information on the shares of our common stock purchased and the cost of purchases under our publicly announced share-purchase plans, including our accelerated share repurchase agreements. at december 31, 2021, our remaining share-purchase authorization was approximately $5.3 billion.
off-balance sheet arrangements, contractual, and other obligations in the ordinary course of business, (i) we enter into off-balance sheet arrangements that may result in contractual and other obligations and (ii) in connection with the sale of assets and businesses and other transactions, we often indemnify our counterparties against certain liabilities that pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k may arise in connection with the transaction or that are related to events and activities. for more information on guarantees and indemnifications, see note 16b.
additionally, certain of our co-promotion or license agreements give our licensors or partners the rights to negotiate for, or in some cases to obtain under certain financial conditions, co-promotion or other rights in specified countries with respect to certain of our products. furthermore, collaboration, licensing or other r&d arrangements may give rise to potential milestone payments. payments under these agreements generally become due and payable only upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory and/or commercialization milestones, which may span several years and which may never occur.
our significant contractual and other obligations as of december 31, 2021 consisted of:
•long-term debt, including current portion (see note 7) and related interest payments;
•estimated cash payments related to the tcja repatriation estimated tax liability (see note 5). estimated future payments related to the tcja repatriation tax liability that will occur after december 31, 2021 total $8.3 billion, of which an estimated $750 million is to be paid in the next twelve months and an estimated $7.6 billion is to be paid in periods thereafter;
•certain commitments totaling $5.2 billion, of which an estimated $1.5 billion is to be paid in the next twelve months, and $3.7 billion in periods thereafter (see note 16c);
•purchases of property plant and equipment (see note 9). in 2022, we expect to spend approximately $3.3 billion on property, plant and equipment; and
•future minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases (see note 15).
global economic conditions our venezuela and argentina operations function in hyperinflationary economies. the impact to pfizer is not considered material. for additional information on the global economic environment, see the item 1a. risk factors--global operations section in this form 10-k.
market risk we are subject to foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, and equity price risk. the objective of our financial risk management program is to minimize the impact of foreign exchange rate and interest rate movements on our earnings. we address such exposures through a combination of operational means and financial instruments. for more information on how we manage our foreign exchange and interest rate risks, see notes 1g and 7e, as well as the item 1a. risk factors-global operations section in this form 10-k for key currencies in which we operate. our sensitivity analyses of such risks are discussed below.
foreign exchange risk-the fair values of our financial instrument holdings are analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to foreign exchange rate changes. in this analysis, holding all other assumptions constant and assuming that a change in one currency's rate relative to the u.s. dollar would not have any effect on another currency's rates relative to the u.s. dollar, if the dollar were to appreciate against all other currencies by 10%, as of december 31, 2021, the expected adverse impact on our net income would not be significant.
interest rate risk-the fair values of our financial instrument holdings are analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to interest rate changes. in this analysis, holding all other assumptions constant and assuming a parallel shift in the interest rate curve for all maturities and for all instruments, if there were a one hundred basis point decrease in interest rates as of december 31, 2021, the expected adverse impact on our net income would not be significant.
equity price risk--we hold equity securities with readily determinable fair values in life science companies as a result of certain business development transactions. while we are holding such securities, we are subject to equity price risk, and this may increase the volatility of our income in future periods due to changes in the fair value of equity investments. from time to time, we will sell such equity securities based on our business considerations, which may include limiting our price risk. our equity securities with readily determinable fair values are analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to equity price rate changes. in this sensitivity analysis, the expected adverse impact on our net income would not be significant.
libor for information on interest rate risk and libor, see the item 1a. risk factors--global operations section in this form 10-k. we do not expect the transition to an alternative rate to have a material impact on our liquidity or financial resources.
pfizer inc.       2021 form 10-k new accounting standards recently adopted accounting standard see note 1b.
recently issued accounting standards, not adopted as of december 31, 2021
standard/description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               effective date                                                                                           effect on the financial statements reference rate reform provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the guidance for contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference libor or another reference rate expected to be discontinued after 2021 because of reference rate reform.the new guidance provides the following optional expedients: 1.simplify accounting analyses under current u.s. gaap for contract modifications.2.simplify the assessment of hedge effectiveness and allow hedging relationships affected by reference rate reform to continue.3.allow a one-time election to sell or transfer debt securities classified as held to maturity that reference a rate affected by reference rate reform.                              elections can be adopted prospectively at any time through december 31, 2022.                            we are assessing the impact, but currently, we do not expect this new guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
accounting for contract assets and contract liabilities from contracts with customers requires contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination to be recognized and measured by the acquirer on the acquisition date in accordance with asc 606. this new guidance will generally result in the acquirer recognizing contract assets and contract liabilities at the same amounts that were recorded by the acquiree. previously, these amounts were recognized by the acquirer at fair value as of the acquisition date.                                                                                                                                                                                              january 1, 2023. early adoption is permitted.                                                            we do not expect this new guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
