item 1a - risk factors we are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. as a financial services company, certain elements of risk are inherent in what we do and the business decisions we make. thus, we encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business, and we design risk management processes to help manage these risks.
our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance risk taking with revenue generation and profitability. we discuss our principal risk management oversight and processes and, in appropriate places, related historical performance and other metrics in the risk management section included in item 7 of this report.
the following are the material risk factors that affect us of which we are currently aware. any one or more of these risk factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. in addition, these risks present other possible adverse consequences, including those described below. these risk factors and other risks we face are also discussed further in other sections of this report. thus, the risk factors below should not be considered a complete list of potential risks that we may face.
summary the following is a summary of the risk factors disclosure in this item 1a:
•the covid-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance.
•our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions.
•the policies of the federal reserve and other governmental agencies and the impact of government legislation, regulation and policy and other political factors on the economy, interest rates, overall financial market performance and banking organizations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance and our ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders.
•a downgrade in our credit ratings could significantly impact our liquidity, funding costs and access to the capital markets.
•the scheduled discontinuance of libor presents risks to the financial instruments originated, held or serviced by pnc that use libor as a reference rate.
•climate change and societal responses to climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers.
•we are subject to risks related to the use of technology which is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses and is dependent on having the right to use the underlying intellectual property. we could also suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of our information systems and other technology, including as a result of third party breaches of data security either at pnc or at third parties handling pnc information.
•our business and financial results are subject to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties, the concentration and mix of our loan portfolio, market interest rates and movements in those rates and changes in the values of financial assets.
•we are subject to risks related to the selection of accounting methods, inaccurate estimates and assumptions and to risks related to poorly designed and implemented models that are extensively used in our business.
•we operate in a highly competitive environment and our success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers and talented employees and we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation.
•we are subject to operational risks as a result of our dependence on the effectiveness and integrity of our employees and on third party vendors, service providers and other counterparties over whom we do not have direct control.
•we are subject to risks related to growing our business by acquiring other financial services business from time to time as these acquisitions, including the acquisition of bbva, present a number of risks and uncertainties related both to the acquisition transactions themselves and to the integration of the acquired businesses into pnc after closing.
risks related to the covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance.
the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in widespread and continuing impacts on economic and financial conditions, our customers and our employees. while economic conditions have improved since the first half of 2020, the recovery has been inconsistent across different geographic regions, sectors, companies and individuals and subject to setbacks as conditions related to the pandemic fluctuate. there is still a great deal of uncertainty about the length and severity of the pandemic and the strength or reversal of the economic rebound. while many of the impacts have subsided, including as a result of relaxation of responsive measures to manage the pandemic, future developments may lead to reimposed or new responsive measures that otherwise increase the negative economic impacts of the pandemic. accordingly, the pandemic and its consequences had and are likely to continue to have an adverse effect, the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance. the following are examples of the most likely impacts on pnc:
•national macroeconomic indicators, forecasts and performance expectations have all steadily improved, which has had a beneficial impact on our credit risk, but uncertainty remains regarding lifetime losses of certain portions of our commercial and consumer portfolios. for commercial borrowers, there are still lingering concerns around industries that have been affected by covid-19 related restrictions and market changes. for these industries, where unrestricted commerce has recently returned, the recovery will lag the broader economy. where restrictions persist or market changes have emerged, the impact and eventual level of recovery are less certain. for consumer borrowers, payment behavior upon expiration of government stimulus, including recently expired enhanced unemployment benefits, is still difficult to predict. as a result, there is a likelihood that certain of our commercial and consumer customers or counterparties will become delinquent on their loans or other obligations to us, which, in turn, will result in a higher level of non-performing loans and net charge-offs. in addition, given the uncertainty about the length and severity of the pandemic and the strength or reversal of the economic rebound, our provision for credit losses may be more volatile period-to-period with a corresponding increase in period-to-period volatility in our net income.
•there has been and there is likely to continue to be a decrease in the demand for certain of our products and services which could be further exacerbated if customers lose confidence due to concerns regarding the economy, including as a result of inflationary pressures or supply chain disruptions.
•while customer deposits have grown, aiding our liquidity, future changes in behavior resulting in declining deposit balances would likely increase our funding costs and reduce our net interest income and liquidity resources.
•some of the legislation responsive to the outbreak, including the cares act and the consolidated appropriations act, provides for certain commercial and consumer protections which have altered and may continue to alter the profitability of the transactions in which we engage. these laws may be extended or increased in scope, and other laws may be enacted in response to the pandemic that have similar or broader effects on us.
•other laws related to employee benefits and the treatment of employees have negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact us by increasing administrative, compensation and benefits costs by, for example, mandating coverage of certain covid-19 related testing without cost sharing or mandating additional paid or unpaid leave. further governmental action that is taken to mitigate the economic effects of the pandemic, as well as additional compensation or benefit actions taken by pnc, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, possibly materially, in other ways that are not known now.
•we rely on our employees, third party vendors and service providers and other counterparties, both domestically and abroad, to support many aspects of our business. reduced workforces which may be caused by, among other things, illness, quarantine, stay at home or other government mandates, decisions regarding mandatory vaccination, proof of vaccination or face covering requirements, difficulties transitioning back to an in-office environment or substantial changes in the labor market (including labor availability and wage inflation) could result in an adverse impact to our operations and financial performance. these risks are also faced by many of our customers which could adversely affect their operations and financial performance and increase our credit risk or decrease the demand for our products and services. many of these risks are likely to persist after the pandemic as a result of permanent changes to the labor market.
•in support of our employees, customers and communities, we have taken and may continue to take steps beyond or in addition to those required by governmental or regulatory minimums which may further adversely impact our profitability. for example, we have provided and may continue to provide additional relief or forbearance to customers, health and wellness benefits to employees (including significant company approved leave) or financial support for community initiatives to assist those in need because of the outbreak. the actual or perceived failure to provide sufficient services, support or relief to those businesses or individuals in need or properly implement legislation responsive to the outbreak or our voluntary commitments could negatively impact our reputation with adverse consequences to our business. in addition, such actual or perceived failure, or operational and other issues that arise in connection with the implementation of government-mandated or other financial assistance or relief programs present elevated levels of financial, legal and reputational risk, including fraud, governmental and regulatory inquiries, investigations and enforcement actions, as well as private lawsuits. participation by pnc in governmental programs, such as the cares act and the consolidated appropriations act, including the ppp, also have exposed and may continue to expose us to governmental investigation and action or public scrutiny and criticism.
refer to our other risk factors in this item 1a for information regarding other factors that have and are likely to continue to affect our business and financial performance as a result of the pandemic.
risks related to the economy and other external factors, including regulation our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions.
as a financial services company, our business and overall financial performance are affected to a significant extent by economic conditions, primarily in the u.s.
declining or adverse economic conditions and adverse changes in investor, consumer and business sentiment generally result in reduced business activity, which may decrease the demand for our products and services or reduce the number of creditworthy borrowers. the ability of borrowers to repay loans is often weakened as a result of economic downturns and higher inflation and unemployment. in addition, periods of inflation may affect certain of our costs or expenses (including increasing our cost of capital and labor), erode consumer and customer purchasing power, confidence and spending and may also reduce our tolerance for extending credit. increases in costs or expenses impacting our customers' operations and financial performance, such as the interest rate payable on their debt obligations, could increase our credit risk or decrease the demand for our products and services. recently, there has been the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k inflation at higher levels than seen in many decades, and significant supply chain constraints have increased costs and impacted operations for us and many of our customers. these conditions may not abate in the near term and their continuation could materially adversely affect our operations and financial performance. such economic conditions also may lead to turmoil and volatility in financial markets, often with at least some financial asset categories losing value. any of these effects would likely have an adverse impact on our earnings, with the significance of the impact generally depending on the nature and severity of the adverse economic conditions.
even when economic conditions are relatively good or stable, specific economic factors can negatively affect our business and performance. this can be especially true when the factors relate to particular segments of the economy. for example, shifting consumer behavior with respect to retail purchases being made over the internet rather than in physical stores has negatively impacted performance by some retailers. this likely decreases demand for financial services in that sector, possibly harming the creditworthiness of some shopping mall operators, retail companies and others with whom we do business. as another example, declines in leisure recreation and travel because of the covid-19 pandemic have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect restaurants, casinos, hotels, convention centers, cruise lines, airlines and other travel/transportation companies. in addition, remote work has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect commercial real estate, as well as businesses whose customers have historically been office workers. affected companies have experienced and may continue to experience lower levels of business and possible declining creditworthiness.
given the geographic scope of our business and operations, we are most exposed to issues within the u.s. economy and financial markets. our foreign business activities continue to be a relatively small part of our overall business. as a result, the direct impact on our business and performance from economic conditions outside the u.s. is not likely to be significant, although the impact would increase if we expand our foreign business more than nominally. we are, however, susceptible to the risk that such economic conditions could negatively affect our business and financial performance. primarily, this risk results from the possibility that poor economic conditions or financial market disruptions affecting other major economies would also affect the u.s.
throughout the remainder of this risk factors section, we address specific ways in which economic issues could create risk for us and result in adverse impacts on our business and financial performance. in particular, the covid-19 pandemic has led to economic issues of the types described here and presents the risk of further such impacts. see the immediately preceding risk factor for a discussion of risks associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
the impact of government legislation, regulation and policy and other political factors on the economy could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
changes in law or governmental policy affecting the economy, business activity, or personal spending, investing or saving activities may cause consumers and businesses to alter behavior in ways that impact demand for our products and services. such changes may also alter the profitability of the transactions in which we engage or result in increased regulatory burden and associated costs. pnc may alter the types or terms of the products and services we offer to reflect such changes. uncertainty regarding future law or policy may have similar impacts. changes in the u.s. presidential administration and congress have led and will likely continue to lead to changes in law or policy, including the level of regulation and supervision of financial institutions. for example, it is possible that congress amends or repeals all or certain aspects of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 which could adversely affect us, including through a complete or partial repeal of the reduction in the statutory corporate income tax rate. in addition, changes in key personnel at the agencies that regulate us, including the federal banking regulators, may result in differing interpretations of existing rules and guidelines and potentially more stringent enforcement and severe penalties. moreover, a change in regulatory practices that increases the time frames to obtain regulatory approvals for acquisitions and other activities or makes them more difficult to obtain could affect our ability to make acquisitions or introduce new products and services.
concern regarding the ability of congress and the president collectively to reach agreement on federal budgetary matters (including the debt ceiling), or prolonged stalemates leading to total or partial governmental shutdowns, also can have adverse economic consequences and create the risk of economic instability or market volatility, with potential adverse consequences to our business and financial performance.
the policies of the federal reserve and other governmental agencies have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance, which are important to our business and financial performance.
the monetary policies of the federal reserve have a significant impact on interest rates, the value of financial instruments and other assets and liabilities, and overall financial market performance. these policies can thus affect the activities and results of operations of financial companies such as pnc. an important function of the federal reserve is to monitor the national supply of bank credit and set certain interest rates. the actions of the federal reserve influence the rates of interest that we charge on loans and that we pay on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits. rates of interest can also affect the value of our on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments. although we may not accurately predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies or the precise effects that they may have on our activities and financial results, we anticipate that the fomc will raise the federal funds rate by 0.25 percentage points five times in 2022 to reach a range of 1.25% to 1.50% by the end of the year, and then further increase the federal funds rate in 2023.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k in addition, monetary policy actions by governmental authorities in the european union or other countries could have an impact on global interest rates, which could affect rates in the u.s. as well as rates on instruments denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, any of which could have one or more of the potential effects on us described above.
some of the potential impacts on our business and results of governmental monetary policy are described in risk factors under the heading "risks related to the business of banking." the federal reserve has lowered its benchmark rates to historically low levels as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. see the risk factor headed "the covid-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance."
as a regulated financial services firm, we are subject to numerous governmental regulations and comprehensive oversight by a variety of regulatory agencies and enforcement authorities. these regulations and the way they are implemented can have a significant impact on our businesses and operations and our ability to grow and expand.
the pnc financial services group, inc. is a bhc and a financial holding company, with the federal reserve as its primary regulator. pnc bank is a federally chartered bank, with the occ as its primary regulator. in addition, our businesses are subject to regulation by multiple other banking, consumer protection, securities and derivatives regulatory bodies. we are also subject to the jurisdiction of criminal and civil enforcement authorities.
as a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations involving both our business and organization, with multiple regulators or agencies having supervisory or enforcement oversight over aspects of our business. these laws, regulations and supervisory activities are intended to promote the safety and soundness of financial institutions, financial market stability, the transparency and liquidity of financial markets, and consumer and investor protection and prevent money laundering and terrorist financing and are not primarily intended to protect pnc security holders. in addition to regulation in the u.s., we are also subject to foreign regulation to a limited extent as a result of our business activities outside the u.s.
applicable laws and regulations restrict our permissible activities and investments and require compliance with provisions designed to protect loan, deposit, brokerage, fiduciary, and other customers, and for the protection of customer information, among other things. we also are subject to laws and regulations designed to combat money laundering, terrorist financing, and transactions with persons, companies or foreign governments designated by u.s. authorities. over time, the scope of the laws and regulations affecting our businesses, as well as the number of requirements or limitations imposed by legislative or regulatory actions, has increased, and we expect to continue to face substantial regulatory oversight and new or revised regulatory requirements or initiatives. legislative or regulatory actions can result in increased compliance costs, reduced business opportunities, or new requirements and limitations on how we conduct our business. in particular, the financial services industry continues to face heightened scrutiny, particularly with respect to bsa and aml compliance requirements and consumer compliance and protection matters.
the federal reserve requires a bhc to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for its subsidiary banks. the federal reserve could require pnc to commit resources to pnc bank when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of pnc or its shareholders or creditors.
federal law grants substantial supervisory and enforcement powers to federal banking regulators. the results of routine and non-routine supervisory or examination activities by our regulators, including actual or perceived compliance failures, could result in limitations on our ability to enter into certain transactions, engage in new activities, expand geographically, make acquisitions or obtain necessary regulatory approvals in connection therewith. these activities also could result in significant fines, penalties or required corrective actions, some of which could be expensive and difficult to implement. in addition, another financial institution's violation of law or regulation may give rise to an investigation of the same or similar activities of pnc.
as we expand our product and service offerings into additional markets, domestic or foreign, either through organic growth or acquisition, we have faced and will continue to face increases in state or foreign regulation affecting our operations. different approaches to regulation by different jurisdictions could materially increase our compliance costs or risks of non-compliance.
a failure to comply, or to have adequate policies and procedures designed to comply, with regulatory requirements and expectations exposes us to the risk of damages, fines and regulatory penalties and other regulatory or enforcement actions or consequences, such as limitations on activities otherwise permissible for us or additional requirements for engaging in new activities and could also injure our reputation with customers and others with whom we do business. we also rely on third parties who may expose us to compliance risk. a failure to comply with regulatory requirements or deficiencies in risk management practices could be incorporated in our confidential supervisory ratings which could limit pnc's ability to expand or require additional approvals before engaging in certain business activities.
see the immediately following risk factor for a discussion of risks associated with capital and liquidity regulation. also see supervision and regulation in item 1 of this report for more information concerning the regulation of pnc, including those areas that have been receiving a high level of regulatory focus. note 20 regulatory matters in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report also discusses some of the regulation applicable to us.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k we are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity standards that affect our business, operations and ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders.
pnc and pnc bank are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity requirements established by the federal reserve and the occ, respectively. these regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are typically developed at an international level by the basel committee and then applied, with adjustments, in each country by the appropriate domestic regulatory bodies. domestic regulatory agencies can apply stricter capital and liquidity standards than those developed by the basel committee. in several instances, the u.s. banking agencies have done so with respect to u.s. banking organizations.
requirements to maintain specified levels of capital and liquidity, and regulatory expectations as to the quality of our capital and liquidity, impact our business activities and may prevent us from taking advantage of opportunities in the best interest of shareholders or force us to take actions contrary to their interests. for example, pnc's ability to pay or increase dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders is subject to pnc's compliance with its scb, which is determined at least annually through the federal reserve's ccar process. the federal reserve can also impose additional limitations on capital distributions, such as the limitations on distributions imposed in response to the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, dividends from pnc bank and, to a lesser extent, non-bank subsidiaries are pnc's principal source of funds to, among other things, pay dividends on and make repurchases of its capital stock. many of our subsidiaries are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to prohibit or limit dividends to pnc. limitations on pnc's ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries, including pnc bank, could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and ability to pay dividends on and make repurchases of its capital stock.
capital and liquidity requirements may also impact the amount and type of loans we make. we may be constrained in our ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions. we may be forced to sell or refrain from acquiring assets where the capital requirements appear inconsistent with the assets' underlying risks. in addition, liquidity standards require us to maintain holdings of highly liquid short-term investments, thereby reducing our ability to invest in longer-term or less liquid assets, even if more desirable from an earnings, balance sheet or interest rate risk management perspective.
the basel committee continues to engage in capital- and liquidity-related initiatives. see the supervision and regulation section included in item 1 of this report. as it is unclear, at this time, whether or how these initiatives will be implemented in the u.s., we are unable to estimate what potential impact such initiatives may have on us.
regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are subject to regular review and revision by the basel committee and the u.s. banking agencies. for example, under the 2019 tailoring rules, certain bhcs are classified as category i, category ii, category iii or category iv firms. while pnc and pnc bank currently are category iii firms, if pnc or pnc bank would become a category i or ii institution, we would be subject to more stringent capital and liquidity standards which would likely increase some of the potential adverse effects described above. future changes to the capital and liquidity rules to require pnc or pnc bank to maintain more or higher quality capital or greater liquidity would also likely increase some of the potential adverse effects described above.
the regulatory capital and liquidity frameworks as well as certain other prudential requirements and standards that are applicable to pnc are discussed in the supervision and regulation section included in item 1 of this report and the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of item 7 of this report.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could significantly impact our liquidity, funding costs and access to the capital markets.
our credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including the financial strength of pnc and pnc bank, and factors outside of our control, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. reductions in one or more of our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to borrow funds and increase our cost of capital and limit the number of investors or counterparties willing to do business with or lend to us. for example, downgrades could negatively impact our right to continue to service mortgages. downgrades could also adversely affect our ability to attract or retain customers, including deposits. in addition, a downgrade in our credit ratings could trigger obligations to make cash or collateral payments under derivative contracts with certain counterparties. there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current ratings and outlooks. for information on our credit ratings, see the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of item 7 of this report.
the scheduled discontinuance of libor presents risks to the financial instruments originated, held or serviced by pnc that use libor as a reference rate.
as a large financial institution, a significant portion of our transactions involve variable or adjusting interest rates that are calculated by adding a contractually defined credit spread to a base or reference rate. for many years, libor has been used as a reference rate for a substantial majority of our transactions involving variable or adjustable interest, including those in which we lend money, issue securities, or purchase and sell securities issued by others, as well as many derivative transactions that we enter into to manage our or our customers' risk. we also service financial instruments entered into by others that use libor as the reference rate.
as announced by ice benchmark administration limited and the u.k. financial conduct authority, non-usd libor ceased to be available at year end 2021 and we currently anticipate that the most widely used usd libor tenor settings will cease after june 30, 2023. accordingly, we are preparing for libor cessation and, based upon guidance communicated by the federal reserve and other official sector representatives, pnc stopped entering into new usd libor contracts as of december 31, 2021, subject to certain limited exceptions.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k currently, sofr is the alternative reference rate replacing libor for most types of transactions. sofr is viewed as a "riskless rate" as it is derived from rates on overnight u.s. treasury repurchase transactions, which are essentially overnight loans secured by u.s. treasury securities, and are largely viewed as not presenting credit risk. the bsby is another alternative reference rate that is in use primarily in the loan market. bsby is intended to reflect large banks' marginal wholesale cost of funds and is a credit-sensitive rate with a forward-looking term structure.
changing to sofr or another riskless rate could result in a value transfer between contracting parties to instruments originally based on libor. historically, in periods of economic or financial industry stress, riskless rates that are analogous to sofr have been relatively stable. in contrast, libor, which is designed to reflect the credit risk of banks, has widened relative to riskless rates, reflecting increased uncertainty regarding the creditworthiness of banks. accordingly, if sofr behaves like its historical analogs, an instrument that transitions from libor to sofr may not yield identical economic outcomes for each contracting party to an instrument had the instrument continued to reference libor. similarly, sofr, because it is riskless, tends to be a lower rate than libor. to address these differences between libor and sofr, certain industry-recommended libor fallback provisions include a concept of an adjustment spread that is applied when a libor-based contract falls back to sofr and that is calculated based on a five-year median look-back of the historical spot difference between the applicable libor tenor and the applicable sofr tenor. however, because any such adjustment spread is and will be based on a historical median, such adjustment spreads have not, and are likely in the future to not, reflect the spot difference between libor and sofr at certain points in time and there may be a value transfer between the contracting parties over the life of the instrument because the all-in rate applied to a contract, even taking into account the spread adjustment, might have behaved differently over the life of the instrument in the absence of libor cessation.
any value transfer could be financially adverse or beneficial to us or to our other contracting parties to that instrument (such as a borrower, derivative counterparty or bond holder). impacts from a change in reference rate would likely include changes to the yield on, and value of, loans or securities held by us, amounts paid on securities we have issued, amounts received and paid on derivative instruments we have entered into and the trading market for libor-based securities. any theoretical benefit to us could result in counterparty dissatisfaction, which, in turn could lead to litigation, potentially as class actions, or other adverse consequences, including dissatisfied customers or impaired relationships with financial institution counterparties resulting in loss of business. as a result, over the life of a transaction that transitions from libor to a new reference rate, our monetary obligations to our counterparty (or their obligations to us) and the yield we receive (or pay) from the transaction with that counterparty may change from that which would have resulted from a continuation of libor.
changing from libor to bsby substantially reduces the value transfer risks, and we use, and intend to continue to use, bsby as a reference rate for a portion of our loan portfolio. our ability to use bsby more broadly is limited by the current and anticipated widespread use of sofr in capital and derivatives markets and because sofr is the preferred rate among certain domestic and global official sector entities.
another set of risks associated with libor cessation relates to how the transition from libor to another rate will be effected. for some instruments, the method of transitioning to a new reference rate may be challenging, especially where the contract does not provide for a transition upon libor cessation or the relevant contractual language relating to a potential transition is ambiguous or inadequate under the circumstances.
for example, most libor-based interest rate derivative contracts executed prior to january 25, 2021, do not include adequate fallbacks for libor cessation. in response, isda published a protocol pursuant to which industry participants can agree with any other industry participant that adheres to the protocol to include isda's new libor fallback provisions into legacy derivative contracts. although we have adhered to the isda protocol, we believe many "end users" of swaps (i.e., our borrowers who have hedged their interest rate payment obligations) will not adhere. in addition, there are differences between the new isda fallback provisions and the fallback provisions that have been proposed for loans, which differences could result in a mismatch between the reference rate or other economics in our borrowers' legacy derivative contracts and their loans for which such derivative contracts are intended as a hedge. for these end-user counterparties, one-on-one negotiation with each counterparty will be necessary to amend legacy swaps to adequately address libor cessation. if we are unable to agree to appropriate libor cessation provisions with these swaps' counterparties, recently enacted new york state legislation will incorporate fallback provisions into these derivative contracts. however, these statutory fallback provisions may not align with fallback provisions in a loan for which one of these derivative contracts is intended as a hedge. as a result, addressing transition under these circumstances may be challenging or ineffective, could result in litigation, and in some cases may involve concession on our part that has the effect of reducing the value of the instrument to us.
we have other contracts that do contemplate libor cessation but do so in a manner that may create other risks. for example, some contracts provide for selecting replacement rates in a manner that presents significant challenges (such as by assuming that there would be a rate calculated substantially in the same manner as libor is) or that gives us or another party absolute discretion to select a rate. some provide for determination of a reference rate without providing for adjustment of the credit spread. in these types of cases, there will likely be uncertainty surrounding transition, with all of the risks described in this risk factor.
transitioning from libor to alternative rates also may result in operational errors during the transition such that the replacement rate is not applied in a timely manner or is incorrectly applied. this is particularly true given the volume of contracts that will require transition and the diversity of potential approaches to transition and given the possibility that the period during which the transition will need to take place may have a short duration. similarly, our failure to successfully implement transition from libor to alternative rates could result in regulatory scrutiny and actions by our regulators including fines and other supervisory sanctions. it is the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k also possible that libor quotes will become unavailable prior to the currently anticipated cessation dates. in that case, the risks associated with the transition to an alternative reference rate will be accelerated and magnified. these risks may also be increased due to the shorter time for preparing for the transition.
transitioning from libor to alternative rates also impacts certain of our hedge accounting strategies. uncertainty about the application of asc 848 reference rate reform to pooled cash flow hedge strategies introduces accounting risk that could affect the extent to which we are able to apply this accounting in the future. see note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for more information about reference rate reform accounting standards impacts.
to address libor cessation and the associated risks, we have established an enterprise libor transition program, described in the market risk management portion of the risk management section in item 7 of this report. any failure of this program to appropriately assess and mitigate risk and deliver in a timely manner on operationalizing our ability to transition from libor could magnify the risks previously outlined.
new customer privacy initiatives will impose additional operational burdens on pnc, may limit our ability to pursue desirable business initiatives and increase the risks associated with any future use of customer data.
recently there has been an increase in legislative and regulatory efforts to protect the privacy of consumer data. these initiatives, among other things, limit how companies can use customer data and impose obligations on companies in their management of such data. financial services companies such as pnc necessarily gather, maintain and use a significant amount of customer data. these types of initiatives increase compliance complexity and related costs, result in significant financial penalties for compliance failures, and limit our ability to develop new products or respond to technological changes. such legal requirements also could heighten the reputational impact of perceived misuses of customer data by us, our vendors or others who gain unauthorized access to our customer data. other jurisdictions may adopt similar requirements that impose different and potentially inconsistent compliance burdens. the impacts will be greater to the extent requirements vary across jurisdictions.
climate change and societal responses to climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers.
there continues to be significant concern on the part of scientists, public leadership and many individuals regarding climate change and its impacts on virtually all aspects of life over the short- and long-term. these concerns over the current or anticipated impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. consumers and businesses also are changing their behavior as a result of these concerns. climate change concerns also create transition risk for pnc arising from the process of adjusting to these concerns, including transitioning to a low-carbon economy. pnc and its customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences as a result. we and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes and the like, as a result of climate change and governmental actions or societal responses to climate change. the impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including their reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities as well as their exposure to the effects of climate change. among the impacts to pnc could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors, or increased losses due to the impact of climate change (such as severe weather events) on pnc's operations or the collateral that secures customer borrowings. in addition, we could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans, pressure from individuals or groups to cease doing business with certain companies or sectors, or additional regulatory restrictions or costs associated with providing products or services to certain companies or sectors. environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand or available sources of energy or other resources may affect the availability or cost of goods and services necessary to run our business. the risk factor headed "we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation" has further discussion of risks associated with activist pressure. our efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions, including by increasing our business with climate-friendly companies, may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior, including those resulting from activist pressure. our risk management may not be effective in identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling climate risk exposure particularly given that the timing, nature and severity of the impacts of climate change may not be predictable.
risks related to the use of technology the use of technology is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses.
as a large financial services company, we handle a substantial volume of customer and other financial transactions. as a result, we rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record and monitor our transactions and those of our customers. over time, we have seen more customer usage of technological solutions for financial needs as well as higher expectations of customers and regulators regarding effective and safe systems operation. in many cases, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers. as a result of these factors, the financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. examples include expanded use of cloud computing, artificial intelligence and machine learning, virtual and augmented reality, biometric authentication, voice and natural language, data protection enhancements and increased online and mobile device interaction with customers, including innovative ways that customers can make payments or manage their accounts. the emergence of many of these technologies the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k was accelerated as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and the shift to increased digital activity. we expect these trends to continue for the foreseeable future.
in response to actual and anticipated customer behavior and expectations, as well as competitive pressures, we have been investing in technology and connectivity. we are seeking to automate functions previously performed manually, facilitate the ability of customers to engage in financial transactions and otherwise enhance the customer experience with respect to our products and services. this effort has involved the expenditure of considerable amounts of funds and other resources. a failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology, whether because we fail to anticipate customer expectations or because our technological developments fail to perform as desired or are not rolled out in a timely manner or because we fail to keep pace with our competitors, would likely cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense. our ability to maintain or enhance our relative technological position is in part dependent on our ability to attract and retain talented employees in these fields, which, due to overall demand, is increasingly difficult.
our use of technology is dependent on having the right to use the underlying intellectual property.
in some cases, we develop internally the intellectual property embedded in the technology we use. in others, we or our vendors license it from others. regardless of the source of the intellectual property, if another person or entity were deemed to own intellectual property rights infringed by our activities, we could be responsible for significant damages covering past activities and substantial fees to continue to engage in these types of activities. it also is possible that we could be prevented from using technology important to our business for at least a period of time. in such a circumstance, there may be no alternative technology for us to use or an appropriate alternative technology might be expensive to obtain. protections offered by those from whom we license technology against these risks may be inadequate to cover fully any losses. over time, there have been instances where technology used by pnc and other financial institutions has been alleged to have infringed patents held by others, and in some cases we, as well as other financial institutions, have suffered related losses.
we could suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of our information systems and other technology.
the need to ensure proper functioning and resiliency of our information systems and other technology has become more important and more challenging, and the costs involved in that effort continue to be high. effective management of our current expanded remote work environment heightens our need for secure, reliable and adequate information systems and technology. the risks of operational failures in the use of these systems result from a variety of factors. we are vulnerable to the impact of failures of our systems to operate as needed or intended. failures leading to materially adverse impacts could include those resulting from human error, unexpected transaction volumes, or overall design or performance issues. in addition, our ability to use our technology effectively could be impacted due to electrical or telecommunications outages, bad weather, disasters, bad actors, terrorism and the like. such events could affect our systems directly or limit our ability to use our technology due to effects on key underlying infrastructure. in some cases, the risk results from the potential for bad acts on the part of others, discussed in more detail in the risk factor headed "we are vulnerable to the risk of third party breaches of data security affecting the functioning of systems or the confidentiality of information, either at pnc or at third parties handling pnc information."
we also rely on information systems maintained by other companies. we use other companies both to provide products and services directly to us and to assist in providing products and services to our customers. others provide the infrastructure that supports, for example, communications, payment, clearing and settlement systems, or information processing and storage. these companies range from those providing highly sophisticated information processing to those that provide fundamental services, such as electric power and telecommunications. in some cases, these other companies themselves utilize third parties to support their delivery of products and services to us and our customers. systems maintained by or for these other companies are generally subject to many of the same risks we face with respect to our systems and thus their issues could have a negative impact on pnc. we necessarily have less ability to provide oversight over other companies' information systems.
a number of our customers choose to use financial applications (apps) that allow them to view banking and other financial account information, often held at different financial institutions, on a single platform, to monitor the performance of their investments, to compare financial and investment products, to make payments or transfer funds, and otherwise to help manage their finances and investments. financial apps often ask users to provide their secure banking log-in information and credentials (username and password) so the apps can link to users' accounts at financial institutions. companies offering these apps frequently use third-party data aggregators, which are behind-the-scenes technology companies that serve as a data-gathering service provider, to deliver customer financial data that is used by the financial apps. to do this, data aggregators are provided with customers' log-in information and credentials, which allows the aggregators to access the customers' online account and "scrape" the customers' data, often on a daily or even more frequent basis. that same information has the potential to facilitate fraud if it is not properly protected. in fact, a director of the fincen stated that fincen had seen high incidences of fraud, including automated clearing house fraud, credit card fraud, and wire fraud, enabled through the use of synthetic identities and through account takeovers via these platforms. in some cases, cybercriminals appear to be using such data aggregators and integrators to facilitate account takeovers and fraudulent wires. pnc has and may continue to face increased financial exposure due to fraudulent activity associated with the increased use of these apps and data aggregators. even where pnc does not have responsibility for fraud losses associated with these apps and data aggregators, pnc could suffer increased reputational harm when such losses occur.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k although we regularly update and replace systems that we depend on as our needs evolve and technology improves, we continue to utilize some older systems that may not be as reliable as newer ones. in addition, the implementation of and transition to new or updated systems creates risks related to associated timing and costs, disruptions in functionality for customers and longer-term failures to achieve desired improvements.
the occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of any of our information or communications systems, or the systems of other companies on which we rely, could result in a wide variety of adverse consequences to us. this risk is greater if the issue is widespread, extends for a significant period of time, or results in financial losses to our customers. the consequences of failures to operate systems properly can result in disruptions to our critical business operations, including our ability to use our accounting, deposit, loan, payment and other systems. such events could also cause errors in transactions or impair system functionality with customers, vendors or other parties. possible adverse consequences also include damage to our reputation or a loss of customer business, which could occur even if the negative impact on customers was de minimis. we also could face litigation or additional regulatory scrutiny. this in turn could lead to liability or other sanctions, including fines and penalties or reimbursement of adversely affected customers. even if we do not suffer any material adverse consequences as a result of events affecting us directly, information systems issues at other financial institutions could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions, including us. also, system problems, including those resulting from third party attacks, whether at pnc or at our competitors, would likely broadly increase legislative, regulatory and customer concerns regarding the functioning, safety and security of such systems. in that case, we would expect to incur even higher levels of costs with respect to prevention and mitigation of these risks.
we are vulnerable to the risk of third party breaches of data security affecting the functioning of systems or the confidentiality of information, either at pnc or at third parties handling pnc information.
we are faced with ongoing, bordering on continual, efforts by others to breach data security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions. some of these involve efforts to enter our systems directly by going through or around our security protections. others involve the use of social engineering schemes to gain access to confidential information from our employees, customers or vendors. our risk and exposure to data security breaches is heightened as a result of our remote work environment, which results in more access points to our network. most corporate and commercial transactions are now handled electronically, and our retail customers increasingly use online access and mobile devices to bank with us. the ability to conduct business with us in this manner depends on the transmission and storage of confidential information in electronic form. as a result, efforts by bad actors to engage in various types of cyber attacks pose serious risks to our business and reputation. the same risks are presented by attacks potentially affecting information held by third parties on our behalf or accessed by third parties, including those offering financial apps, on behalf of our customers. these risks also arise to the extent that third parties with whom we do business are subject themselves to breaches and attacks which may impact our systems.
in the ordinary course of business, we maintain and process vast amounts of information about us, our customers and our employees. this information tends to be confidential or proprietary and much of it is highly sensitive. the highly sensitive information includes information sufficient to support identity theft and personal health information, as well as information regarding business plans and financial performance that has not been made public. one way in which bad actors attempt to harm us is by seeking access to some of this confidential or proprietary information, often with the intent of stealing from or defrauding us or our customers. in other cases, they seek to disrupt our ability to conduct our business, including by destroying or impairing our access to information maintained by us.
our customers often use their own devices, such as computers, smartphones and tablets, to do business with us and may provide their pnc customer information (including passwords) to a third party in connection with obtaining services from the third party, including those offering financial apps. although we take steps to provide safety and security for our customers' transactions with us and their customer information to the extent they are utilizing their own devices or providing third parties access to their accounts, our ability to assure such safety and security is necessarily limited.
as our customers regularly use pnc-issued credit and debit cards to pay for transactions with retailers and other businesses, there is also the risk of data security breaches at those other businesses covering pnc account information. when our customers use pnc issued cards to make purchases from those businesses, card account information often is provided to the business. if the business's systems that process or store card account information are subject to a data security breach, holders of our cards who have made purchases from that business may experience fraud on their card accounts. we can be responsible for reimbursing our customers for such fraudulent transactions on customers' card accounts, as well as for other costs related to data security compromise events, such as replacing cards associated with compromised card accounts. in addition, we provide card transaction processing services to some merchant customers under agreements we have with payment networks such as visa and mastercard. under these agreements, we may be responsible for certain losses and penalties if one of our merchant customers suffers a data security breach. over the last few years, several large companies disclosed that they had suffered substantial data security breaches compromising millions of user accounts and credentials. moreover, to the extent more consumer confidential information becomes available to bad actors through the cumulative effect of data breaches at companies generally, bad actors may find it easier to use such information to gain access to our customer accounts.
other cyber attacks are not focused on gaining access to credit card or user credential information, but instead seek access to a range of other types of confidential information, such as internal emails and other forms of customer financial information. ransomware the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k attacks have sought to deny access to data and possibly shut down systems and devices maintained by target companies. in a ransomware attack, system data is encrypted or access is otherwise denied, accompanied by a demand for ransom to restore access to the data.
a number of companies have fallen victim to bec scams in recent years. bec scams involve using social engineering to cause employees to wire funds to the perpetrators in the mistaken belief that the requests were made by a company executive or established vendor. attacks on our customers may put these relationships at risk, particularly if customers' ability to continue operations is impaired due to the losses suffered.
other attacks in recent years have included distributed denial of service cyber attacks, in which individuals or organizations flood commercial websites with extraordinarily high volumes of traffic with the goal of disrupting the ability of commercial enterprises to process transactions and possibly making their websites unavailable to customers for extended periods of time. we (as well as other financial services companies) have been subject to such attacks.
the techniques used in cyber attacks change rapidly and frequently and are increasingly sophisticated and we may not be able to anticipate cyber attacks or information or data security breaches.
in addition to threats from external sources, insider threats represent a significant risk to us. insiders, including those having legitimate access to our systems and the information contained in them, have the easiest opportunity to make inappropriate use of the systems and information. addressing that risk requires understanding not only how to protect us from unauthorized use and disclosure of data, but also how to engage behavioral analytics and other tools to identify potential internal threats before any damage is done.
to date, while some of these types of attacks have succeeded against us to some extent, none of these types of attacks have had a material impact on us. nonetheless, we cannot entirely block efforts by bad actors to harm us. and our efforts to prevent significant harm from attacks may be insufficient. while we maintain insurance coverage that may cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. as a result, we could suffer material financial and reputational losses in the future from any of these or other types of attacks or the public perception that such an attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct. attacks on others, some of which have led to serious adverse consequences, demonstrate the risks posed by new and evolving types of cyber attacks. our ability to protect confidential or proprietary information is even more limited with respect to information held by third parties. we may suffer reputational damage or legal liability for unauthorized access to customer information held by third parties, even if we were in fact not responsible for preventing such access and had no reasonable way of preventing it.
we need effective programs to limit the risk of failures or breaches occurring in our information systems and to mitigate the impact when they do.
we have policies, procedures and systems (including cyber security and business continuity programs) designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions or breaches in security of information systems. in recent years, we have devoted significant resources towards improving the reliability of our systems and their security against external and internal threats and expect to continue to do so in the future. we design our business continuity and other information and technology risk management programs to manage our capabilities to provide services in the case of an event resulting in material disruptions of business activities affecting our employees, facilities, technology or suppliers. we cannot guarantee the effectiveness of our policies, procedures and systems to protect us in any future situation, nor the effectiveness of our oversight of risk at third parties. our ability to implement policies, procedures and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions or breaches in security of information systems with respect to third party systems and the financial services industry infrastructure is necessarily limited. should an adverse event affecting another company's systems occur, we may not have financial protection from the other company sufficient to compensate us or otherwise protect us from the consequences.
methods used by others to attack information systems change frequently (with generally increasing sophistication). a new method of attack often is not recognized until launched against a target. attacks in some cases appear to be supported by foreign governments or other well-financed entities and often originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world. as a result, we may be unable to implement adequate preventive measures to address these methods in advance of attacks.
even with our proactive and defensive measures in place, adverse events are likely to occur, and there remains the risk that one or more such events would be material to pnc. our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning, our ability to understand threats to us from a holistic perspective, and our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs, with novel or unusual events posing a greater risk. it is also the case that an adverse event can go undetected for a period of time, with the adverse consequences likely greater the longer it takes to discover the problem. in many cases, it also depends on the preparedness and responses of national or regional governments, including emergency responders, or on the part of other organizations and businesses with which we deal.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k risks related to the business of banking our business and financial results are subject to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties.
credit risk is inherent in the financial services business. it results from, among other things, extending credit to customers, purchasing securities, and entering into financial derivative transactions and certain guarantee contracts. credit risk is one of our most significant risks, particularly given the high percentage of our assets represented directly or indirectly by loans and securities and the importance of lending activity to our overall business. we manage credit risk by assessing and monitoring the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties, by diversifying our loan portfolio, by obtaining and monitoring collateral for certain exposures and by investing primarily in high quality securities.
a borrower's ability to repay a loan can be adversely affected by many factors. individual borrowers can be affected, for example, by declines in income, job losses, health issues or family issues. commercial borrowers can be affected, for example, by poor business performance, changes in customer behavior or catastrophic losses. weakness in the economy or in financial markets would typically adversely impact the ability of our borrowers to repay outstanding loans. we are exposed to increased credit risk if we fail to evaluate properly at origination the likely ability of a borrower to repay a loan. properly estimating the current and potential value of any collateral pledged to support the loan also is critical to effectively managing credit risk. a failure to identify declining creditworthiness of a borrower or declining collateral value at a time when remedial actions could reduce our exposure also increases credit risk. any decrease in our borrowers' ability to repay loans would result in higher levels of nonperforming loans, net charge-offs, provision for credit losses and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. managing credit risk effectively also relies on forecasts of future overall economic conditions, which are inherently imperfect.
in addition to credit risk associated with our lending activities, we have credit risk arising from many other types of business relationships. routine transactions give us credit exposure to brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, other institutional clients, as well as vendors and other non-financial entities.
our credit risk may be exacerbated when the value of collateral held by us to secure obligations to us cannot be realized, including because of legal or regulatory changes, or is liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. in addition, credit risk may be exacerbated when counterparties are unable to post collateral, whether for operational or other reasons.
we reserve for credit losses on our loan and lease portfolio through our acl estimated under cecl. under cecl, the acl reflects expected lifetime losses, which could lead to volatility in the allowance and the provision for credit losses as economic forecasts, actual credit performance and other factors used in the loss estimating process change. we also have reserves for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. changes to expected losses are reflected in net income through provision for credit losses. an increase in credit risk would likely lead to an increase in provision for credit losses with a resulting reduction in our net income and would increase our allowance. an improvement of economic conditions or our economic outlook, particularly following a period of poor economic conditions, has and could continue to result in a recapture of provision for credit losses for a period of time with a resulting increase in our net income and decrease in our allowance that is not likely to be sustained and that may obscure actual current operations and financial performance.
for a discussion of the increased credit risk arising from the pandemic and its impact to our estimation of credit losses, see the risk factor headed "the covid-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance."
the concentration and mix of our loan portfolio could increase the potential for significant losses.
in the ordinary course of business, we often have heightened credit exposure to a particular industry, region or financial market. as an example, loans secured by commercial and residential real estate typically represent a significant percentage of our overall credit portfolio. they also represent a portion of the assets underlying our investment securities. although there are limitations on the extent of total exposure to an individual consumer or business borrower, events adversely affecting specific customers or counterparties, industries, regions or financial markets, including a decline in their creditworthiness or a worsening overall risk profile, could materially and adversely affect us. declining economic conditions also may impact commercial borrowers more than consumer borrowers, or vice versa. thus, the concentration and mix of our loan portfolio may affect the severity of the impact of a recession on us.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k our business and financial performance are impacted significantly by market interest rates and movements in those rates.
as a result of the high percentage of our assets and liabilities that are in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments, changes in interest rates, in the shape of the yield curve, or in spreads between different market interest rates can have a material effect on our business, our profitability and the value of our financial assets and liabilities. for example:
•changes in interest rates or interest rate spreads affect the difference between the interest that we earn on assets such as loans and investment securities and the interest that we pay on liabilities such as deposits and borrowings, which impacts our overall net interest income and margin as well as our profitability.
•such changes can affect the ability of borrowers to meet obligations under variable or adjustable rate loans and other debt instruments, and can, in turn, increase our credit losses on those assets.
•such changes can decrease the demand for interest rate-based products and services, including loans and deposit accounts.
•such changes affect our hedging of various forms of market and interest rate risk and may decrease the effectiveness of those hedges in helping to manage such risks.
•movements in interest rates also affect loan prepayment speeds and could result in impairments of mortgage servicing assets or otherwise affect the profitability of such assets.
•increases in interest rates likely lower the price we would receive on fixed-rate customer obligations if we were to sell them.
the rates on some interest-bearing instruments adjust promptly in accordance with changes in market rates, while others adjust only periodically or are fixed throughout a defined term. as a result, the impact of changes in interest rates can be either increased or diluted due to differences in the relative variability of the rates paid on our liabilities in relation to the rates received on our assets. the extent to which we have elected to hedge interest rate risk through interest rate swaps also affects the impact of rate changes. we attempt to manage the balance sheet to increase our benefit or reduce negative impacts from future movements in interest rates, but failures to anticipate actual movements may have the opposite result. in addition, we do not generally hedge all of our risk and the fact that we attempt to hedge any risk does not mean we will be successful.
while higher interest rates generally enhance our ability to grow our net interest income, there are risks associated with a rising interest rate environment. as a general matter, increasing rates tend to decrease the value of fixed-rate financial instruments held on our balance sheet, as discussed in the risk factor headed "our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of changes in the values of financial assets." also, customers may be less willing overall to borrow at higher rates. higher interest rates may indirectly affect the value of asset classes such as real estate typically financed through secured loans, with a resulting negative effect on collateral securing such loans. as another example, there may be increased competitive pressures as rates on deposit products rise. the benefits of higher interest rates are best achieved if we can increase the rates on loans and other assets faster than the rates on deposits and other liabilities increase. we may not be able to achieve this result in a rising rate environment.
on the other hand, lower interest rates tend to have a negative impact on our net interest margin, and, unless offset by higher earning assets, on our net interest income. moreover, a negative interest rate environment, in which interest rates drop below zero either broadly or for some types of instruments, could reduce our net interest margin and net interest income due to a likely decline in the interest we could earn on loans and other earning assets, while also likely requiring us to pay to maintain our deposits with the federal reserve bank. in addition, our systems may not be able to handle adequately a negative interest rate environment and not all variable rate instruments are designed for such a circumstance.
we discuss the impact of governmental monetary policy on interest rates in the risk factor headed "the policies of the federal reserve and other governmental agencies have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance, which are important to our business and financial performance."
our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of changes in the values of financial assets.
as a financial institution, a substantial majority of our assets and liabilities are financial in nature. examples include loans, securities, servicing rights, deposits and borrowings. such assets and liabilities will fluctuate in value, often significantly, due to movements in the financial markets or market volatility as well as developments specific to the asset or liability in question. the underlying value of assets under lease or securing an obligation generally decreases due to increases in supply or decreases in demand for the asset or deterioration in the condition of the asset. this could negatively impact the ability to collect fully on the secured obligation. credit-based assets and liabilities will fluctuate in value due to changes in the perceived creditworthiness of borrowers or other counterparties and due to changes in market interest rates.
in many cases, we mark our assets and liabilities to market and recognize such changes either through net income or oci. thus, gains or losses on these assets and liabilities can have a direct impact on our results of operations, unless we have effectively hedged our exposures. we may need to record losses in the value of financial assets even where our expectation of realizing the face value of the underlying instrument has not changed. other assets and liabilities are not marked to market. as a result, our balance sheet does not precisely represent the fair market value of our financial assets and liabilities.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k in addition, asset management revenue is earned primarily based on a percentage of the value of the assets being managed and thus is impacted by general changes in market valuations. thus, although we are not directly impacted by changes in the value of such assets, decreases in the value of those assets would affect related noninterest income.
risks related to estimates and assumptions our asset and liability valuations and the determination of the amount of loss allowances and impairments taken on our assets are highly subjective. inaccurate estimates could materially impact our results of operations or financial position.
our accounting policies are key to how we report our financial condition and results of operations. we must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these policies and methods to comply with gaap and reflect management's judgment regarding the most appropriate manner to report pnc's financial condition and results of operations. management's selection of the accounting policy to apply, while reasonable and appropriate, could result in pnc reporting different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. in addition, the financial accounting standards board, sec and other regulatory agencies may issue new or amend existing accounting and reporting standards or change existing interpretations of those standards that could materially affect our financial statements. in some cases, pnc may be required to retrospectively apply a new or amended standard resulting in changes to previously reported financial results.
certain accounting policies require that we use estimates, assumptions and judgments in preparing our financial statements, including in determining credit loss reserves, reserves related to legal proceedings and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, among other items. these policies require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. for example, cecl requires us to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about economic and market conditions in determining the acl.
some of our financial instruments, including certain derivatives, debt securities, loans, msrs and private equity investments, among other items, require a determination of their fair value for our financial statements. assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. changes in underlying factors or assumptions in any of the areas underlying our estimates could materially impact our future financial condition and results of operations. during periods of market disruption, it would be difficult to value certain assets if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. there may be certain asset classes that were historically traded in active markets with significant observable data that rapidly become illiquid due to market volatility, a loss in market confidence or other factors. in addition, we have assets and liabilities carried at fair value that are estimated using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. the valuation of any asset or liability substantially based on unobservable inputs is necessarily less reliable than those based on active trading markets. further, rapidly changing and unprecedented market conditions could materially impact the valuation of assets as reported within our consolidated financial statements. our ability to hedge exposure is in part dependent on our ability to value the related assets or liabilities.
the determination of the amount of loss allowances and asset impairments varies by asset type and is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects changes in allowances and impairments in operations as such evaluations are revised. although we have policies and procedures in place to determine loss allowance and asset impairments, due to the subjective nature of this area, the level of impairments taken, and allowances reflected in our financial statements may not accurately reflect the actual level of risk and the amount of future losses.
there are risks resulting from the extensive use of models in our business.
we rely on models to measure risks and to estimate many financial values. we use models throughout much of our business, relying on them for much of our decision making. examples of areas we use models include determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting or estimating losses, assessing capital adequacy, and calculating economic and regulatory capital levels. we also use models to estimate the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. in particular, we depend significantly on models for credit loss accounting under cecl.
models generally evaluate the performance of various factors under anticipated future conditions, relying on historical data to help build the model and in part on assumptions as to the future, often with respect to macroeconomic conditions, to generate the output. poorly designed or implemented models, including in the choice of relevant historical data or future-looking assumptions, present the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporating model output will be adversely affected due to the inadequacy of that information. for example, our models may not be effective if historical data does not accurately predict future events or if our models rely on erroneous data, formulas, algorithms or assumptions and our review processes fail to detect these flaws.
information we provide to the public or to our regulators based on poorly designed or implemented models could be inaccurate or misleading. some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distribution to our shareholders, would likely be affected adversely if they perceive that the quality of the relevant models used is insufficient.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k risks related to our need for customers our success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers for our products and services.
our performance is subject to risks associated with declines in customer demand for our products and services. as a result of the nature of those products and services, we are particularly at risk for losses of economic confidence or customer trust in us.
economic and market developments may affect consumer and business confidence levels. if customers lose confidence due to concerns regarding the economy, the demand for our products and services could suffer. if we fail to attract and retain customers, demand for our loans and other financial products and services could decrease and we could experience adverse changes in payment patterns. we could lose interest income from a decline in credit usage and noninterest income from a decline in product sales, investments and other transactions.
our ability to attract and retain customer deposits is impacted by the levels of interest rates, as customers balance the benefits of bank accounts such as deposit insurance and some of the convenience associated with more traditional banking products against the possibility of higher yields from other investments. in general, if the spread between the rates we offer and those offered by alternatives to bank accounts widens, customers are often willing to forego the benefits of bank accounts (such as fdic insurance) for higher returns elsewhere. our customers could remove money from checking, savings or other types of deposit accounts with us in favor of other banks or other types of cash management products. in such circumstances, we would need either to increase rates to levels that are seen as competitive or lose customers, in either case with a negative impact to net interest income. in addition, deposits are a low-cost source of funds for us. therefore, losing deposits could increase our funding costs and reduce our net interest income. loss of customers could also harm noninterest income by decreasing fee-bearing transaction volume. in addition, when rates are higher, customers tend to shift deposits from noninterest-bearing accounts to interest-bearing ones, thereby negatively impacting net interest income.
our customers increasingly use third party financial applications that are expected to interface with their pnc accounts. this use leads to the risk that issues with respect to the effective functioning of that interface, regardless of cause, could result in a loss of customers as they seek banking relationships that work better with these other applications.
news or other publicity that harms our reputation, or harms the reputation of our industry generally, also could cause a loss of customers or a reduction in the extent to which customers do business with us. this is described further in the risk factor headed "we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation."
in our asset management business, investment performance is an important factor influencing the level of assets that we manage. poor investment advice or performance could hurt revenue and growth as existing clients might withdraw funds in favor of better performing products. additionally, the ability to attract funds from existing and new clients might diminish. overall economic conditions may limit the amount that customers are able or willing to invest as well as the value of the assets they do invest. the failure or negative performance of products of other financial institutions could lead to a loss of confidence in similar products offered by us without regard to the performance of our products. such a negative contagion could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products and have an adverse impact on our assets under management and asset management revenues and earnings.
we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation.
our ability to compete effectively, to attract and retain customers and employees, and to grow our business is dependent on maintaining our reputation and having the trust of our customers and employees. many types of developments, if publicized, can negatively impact a company's reputation with adverse consequences to its business.
financial services companies are highly vulnerable to reputational damage when they are found to have harmed customers, particularly retail customers, through conduct that is seen as illegal, unfair, deceptive, abusive, manipulative or otherwise wrongful. there also may be reputational damage from human error or systems failures viewed as having harmed customers but not involving misconduct, including service disruptions or negative perceptions regarding our ability to maintain the security of our technology systems and protect client data. our reputation may also be harmed by failing to deliver products and services of the quality expected by our customers. the reputational impact is likely greater to the extent that the bad conduct, error or failure are pervasive, long-standing or affect a significant number of customers, particularly retail consumers. the negative impact of such reputational damage on our business may be disproportionate to the actual harm caused to customers. it may be severe even if we fully remediate any harm suffered by our customers. furthermore, because we conduct most of our businesses under the "pnc" brand, negative public opinion about one business could also affect our other businesses. in addition, we could suffer reputational harm and a loss of customer trust as a result of conduct of others in the industry even where we have not engaged in the conduct. we use third parties to help in many aspects of our business, with the risk that their conduct can affect our reputation regardless of the degree to which we are responsible for it.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k to an increasing extent, financial services companies, including pnc, are facing criticism from social and environmental activists, with accompanying reputational risk. activists target companies in our industry, including pnc, for engaging in business with specific customers or with customers in particular industries, where the customers' activities, even if legal, are perceived as having harmful impacts on matters such as environment, consumer health and safety, or society at large. in addition, other activists target companies in our industry, including pnc, seeking increased transparency and action with respect to environmental, social and governance activities, political activities and activities that are or may be perceived to be politically partisan in nature. activist criticism has come in many forms, including protests at pnc facilities. pnc, together with many other financial services companies, have in recent years been criticized for financing companies engaged in, for example, extraction and distribution of fossil fuels, manufacture of nuclear and other weapons (including personal firearms), private prisons and border control activities. in contrast, recently state laws affecting our industry have been proposed and in some cases enacted reflecting the opposite approach. for example, to conduct most business with a municipality in texas, pnc must certify, among other things, that it does not discriminate against the firearms industry or the fossil fuel industry. many of these issues are divisive without broad agreement as to the appropriate steps a company such as pnc should take and often with strong feelings on both sides. as a result, however we respond to such criticism, we expose ourselves to the risks that current or potential customers decline to do business with us or current or potential employees refuse to work for us. this can be true regardless of whether we are perceived by some as not having done enough to address activist concerns or by others as having inappropriately yielded to activist pressures. activist pressure can also be a factor in decisions as to which business opportunities and customers we pursue, potentially resulting in foregone profit opportunities.
we may also face criticism, with accompanying reputational risk, from investors who are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance matters and the adequacy of companies' responses to these matters when making investment decisions.
the speed with which information now moves through social media and other news sources on the internet means that negative information about pnc can rapidly have a broadly adverse impact on our reputation. this is true whether or not the information is accurate. once information has gone viral, it can be hard to counter it effectively, either by correcting inaccuracies or communicating remedial steps taken for actual issues. the potential impact of negative information going viral means that material reputational harm can result from a single discrete or isolated incident.
we are also subject to the risk of reputational harm resulting from conduct of persons identified as our employees but acting outside of the scope of their employment, including through their activities on personal social media.
we operate in a highly competitive environment in terms of the products and services we offer and the geographic markets in which we conduct business.
we are subject to intense competition both from other financial institutions and from non-bank entities, including financial technology companies (often referred to as fintech). in many cases, non-bank entities can engage in many activities similar to ours or offer products and services desirable to our customers without being subject to the same types of regulation, supervision and restrictions as are applicable to banks, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. emerging financial technologies, including with respect to payment services, lending and digital and crypto currencies, may affect our customers' needs and expectations for products and services. we may fail to attract or retain customers if we are unable to develop and market products and services that meet evolving customer needs or demands or if we are unable to deliver them effectively and securely to our customers. this is particularly true to the extent that our competitors are better able to do so. we may also fail to attract or retain customers if we are unwilling to provide products or services that we deem to be speculative or risky. the competition we face is described in item 1 of this report under "competition."
consolidation in our industry, including among smaller banks combining to form more competitive larger ones and between banks and non-bank entities, could result in pnc facing more intense competition, particularly in impacted regions or with respect to particular products. as we expand into new markets, we may face competitors with more experience and established relationships in these markets, which could adversely affect our ability to compete.
a failure to adequately address the competitive pressures we face could make it harder for us to attract and retain customers across our businesses. on the other hand, meeting these competitive pressures could require us to incur significant additional expense or to accept risk beyond what we would otherwise view as desirable under the circumstances. in addition, in our interest rate sensitive businesses, competitive pressures to increase rates on deposits or decrease rates on loans could reduce our net interest margin, negatively impacting our net interest income.
we depend on skilled labor, and employee attrition, competition for talented employees and labor shortages may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.
our performance is dependent on attracting and retaining talented and diverse employees. we face significant competition for these employees across many of our businesses and support areas. this presents greater risk as we expand into new markets, develop new product lines, or enhance staffing in certain areas, particularly technology. this competition leads to increased expenses in affected business areas. in addition, changes to the labor market as a result of the covid-19 pandemic (including elevated employee attrition, the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k labor availability and wage inflation) have exacerbated and may continue to exacerbate the challenges of attracting and retaining talented and diverse employees. limitations on the way regulated financial institutions can compensate their officers and employees, including those contained in pending rule proposals implementing requirements of dodd-frank, may make it more difficult for regulated financial institutions, including pnc, to compete with unregulated companies for talent.
risks related to other operational issues we depend on the effectiveness and integrity of employees, and the systems and controls for which they are responsible, to manage operational risks.
we are a large company that offers a wide variety of products and services to a broad and diverse group of customers. we rely on our employees to design, manage, and operate our systems and controls to assure that we properly enter into, record and manage processes, transactions and other relationships with customers, suppliers and other parties with whom we do business. in some cases, we rely on employees of third parties to perform these tasks. we also depend on employees and the systems and controls for which they are responsible to assure that we identify and mitigate the risks that are inherent in our relationships and activities. these concerns are increased when we change processes or procedures, introduce new products or services, or implement new technologies, as we may fail to adequately identify or manage operational risks resulting from such changes. these concerns may be further exacerbated by employee turnover and labor shortages.
as a result of our necessary reliance on employees, whether ours or those of third parties, to perform these tasks and manage resulting risks, we are thus subject to human vulnerabilities. these range from innocent human error to misconduct or malfeasance, potentially leading to operational breakdowns or other failures. our controls may not be adequate to prevent problems resulting from human involvement in our business, including risks associated with the design, operation and monitoring of automated systems. we may also fail to adequately develop a culture of risk management among our employees.
errors by our employees or others responsible for systems and controls on which we depend and any resulting failures of those systems and controls could result in significant harm to pnc. this could include customer remediation costs, regulatory fines or penalties, litigation or enforcement actions or limitations on our business activities. we could also suffer damage to our reputation, as described under "we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation."
we use automation, machine learning, artificial intelligence and robotic process automation tools to help reduce some risks of human error. nonetheless, we continue to rely on many manual processes to conduct our business and manage our risks. in addition, use of automation tools does not eliminate the need for effective design and monitoring of their operation to make sure they operate as intended. enhanced use of automation may present its own risks. automated systems may themselves experience outages or problems. some tools are dependent on the quality of the data used by the tool to learn and enhance the process for which it is responsible. not only bad or missing data but also anomalous data can adversely affect the functioning of such tools. it is possible that humans in some cases are better able than highly automated tools to identify that anomalous data is being used or that results are themselves anomalous.
we rely on third party vendors, service providers and other counterparties to help support many aspects of our business. when we do so, our direct control of activities related to our business is reduced, which could introduce risk.
our use of third parties to support our business needs typically means that we do not directly control the activities we are having them perform. any disruption in services provided by these third parties could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. replacing third parties could also entail significant delay and expense. risks can arise through inadequate performance by the third party (including by their downstream service providers), specifically where that performance could affect us or our customers, and even when the result of factors or events are beyond such third party's control. many of the kinds of risks presented by activities performed by third parties are described elsewhere in these risk factors. for example, we use outside companies to assist us in processing some confidential customer or employee information. in such a case, a cyber attack on such a company may result in access to our customers' or employees' information. we are also vulnerable, including to regulatory penalties, where an outside company fails to comply with legal requirements relevant to its work on our behalf. we may in any such circumstance suffer financial losses, legal consequences and injury to our reputation. even if the other company makes us whole for financial losses, which is not necessarily the case, it is unlikely that it would be able to restore any injury to our reputation. as a result, the use of third parties to assist in our business activities heightens the risks to us inherent in those activities.
other key risks we are at risk for the impact of adverse results in legal proceedings.
many aspects of our business involve substantial risk of legal liability. we have been named or threatened to be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising from our business activities. in addition, we are regularly the subject of governmental investigations and other forms of regulatory inquiry. we also are at risk when we have agreed to indemnify others for losses related to legal proceedings the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k they face, such as in connection with the sale of a business or assets by us. the results of these legal proceedings could lead to significant monetary damages or penalties, restrictions on the way in which we conduct our business or reputational harm.
although we establish accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, we do not have accruals for all legal proceedings where we face a risk of loss. in addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, amounts accrued often do not represent the ultimate loss to us from the legal proceedings in question. thus, our ultimate future losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies. we discuss further the unpredictability of legal proceedings and describe certain of our pending legal proceedings in note 21 legal proceedings in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
we grow our business in part by acquiring other financial services businesses from time to time. sometimes these are businesses with technologies or other assets valuable to us even if they do not themselves provide financial services to customers. these acquisitions present a number of risks and uncertainties related both to the acquisition transactions themselves and to the integration of the acquired businesses into pnc after closing.
acquisitions of other companies or of financial assets and deposits and other liabilities present risks and uncertainties to us in addition to those presented by the nature of the business acquired. these risks and uncertainties are found in the acquisition of bbva, including its u.s. banking subsidiary, bbva usa, and its integration into pnc. many of the same risks arise when we engage in strategic partnerships.
specific factors that can affect the ultimate results from acquisitions include, depending on the nature of the business acquired, the following:
•diligence risk: our ability to analyze the risks presented by prospective acquisitions, as well as our ability to prepare in advance of closing for integration, depends, in part, on the information we can gather with respect to the business we are acquiring. we may not have access to all of the information that would be desirable. our pre-acquisition review of the business also impacts our ability to prepare for and execute on the integration of an acquired business.
•accuracy of assumptions: we make certain assumptions related to an acquisition that may prove to be inaccurate. anticipated benefits (such as cost savings from synergies or strategic gains from being able to offer enhanced product sets) may take longer or require greater resources to achieve or may not be achieved in their entirety. acquisitions also may be substantially more expensive or take longer to complete than anticipated. we may also incur unanticipated costs in connection with the integration of an acquired business.
•regulatory approval: completing attractive acquisition opportunities generally requires various governmental and regulatory approvals and consents prior to closing. these authorities have broad discretion, and regulatory approvals could be delayed, restrictively conditioned or denied, including due to regulatory issues we (or the target company) have, or may have, under any of the numerous governmental regulations to which we (or they) are subject. moreover, as a condition to approval, governmental authorities may impose requirements, require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of the business of the combined company, which could limit the benefits of the acquisition or result in delay or the failure to close the acquisition. significant acquisitions by large banks also often attract public scrutiny, which may result in negative publicity that adversely affects our reputation. our ability to make large acquisitions may be negatively impacted as well by changes in leadership at the regulatory agencies responsible for reviewing or approving the transaction, changes in regulatory rules or standards or the application of those rules or standards, or future regulatory initiatives designed to limit systemic risk and the potential for a financial institution to become "too big to fail."
•pre-closing risk: prospective acquisition targets are also subject to their own risks that we cannot manage or control prior to closing. as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected after closing to the extent that any such risks result in non-indemnified losses for which we are responsible.
•target-specific risk: acquisition targets have their own risks specific to their businesses that could impact the success of a transaction.
•if a significant aspect of the value of transaction is intellectual property, the extent to which the intellectual property may be utilized or protected and commercialized by pnc.
•if the acquisition includes loan portfolios, the extent of actual credit losses and the required allowance for credit losses following completion of the acquisition.
•if the acquisition involves entering into new businesses or geographic or other markets, potential limitations on our ability to take advantage of these opportunities because of our inexperience with respect to them.
•the results of litigation and governmental investigations that may be pending at the time of the acquisition or be filed or commenced thereafter, because of an acquisition or otherwise. it is often hard to predict the results of such legal proceedings. it may also be hard to anticipate what legal proceedings may be started following an acquisition based on the prior activities of the acquired company (and its predecessors).
•if the acquired company depends on models for, among other things, capital planning and credit loss accounting, we may have to rely on the acquired company's models post-closing prior to integrating the acquired company's data into pnc's models. these models may be designed or implemented in a manner different than the models used by pnc. as a result, incorporation of the acquired company's data into our models could materially impact our results of operations or financial position to the extent that our estimates based on the acquired company's models prove to be inaccurate.
•the acquired company may operate under enterprise risk management systems, policies and procedures that are different and less mature than those of pnc, and we may need to rely on the acquired company's enterprise risk the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k management systems, policies and procedures for a period of time after acquisition, which might limit pnc's ability to identify, monitor, manage and report risks. the acquired company may also implement its policies and procedures in a different manner than pnc would, which may result in heightened regulatory, legal, operational or reputational risk.
•retention risk: the success of an acquisition generally is at least partially dependent on our ability to retain and expand upon the acquired company's customer base. it is also frequently subject to risks related to human capital, including, to the extent being retained, the quality of leadership of the acquired company.
•integration risk: successful integration of an acquired company may present challenges due to differences in policies, procedures and systems, the level of details or comprehensiveness of an acquired company's financial and business information and data, and corporate culture. integration challenges could also result in damage to our reputation, as described under "we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation."
our business and financial performance could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by disasters, natural or otherwise, by terrorist activities, by international hostilities or by domestic civil unrest.
neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of disasters (whether caused naturally or by human conduct), pandemics, terrorist activities, international hostilities and domestic civil unrest can be predicted. however, these occurrences could adversely impact us, for example, by causing significant damage to our facilities or preventing us from conducting our business in the ordinary course. also, their impact on our borrowers, depositors, other customers, suppliers or other counterparties could result in indirect adverse effects on us. other indirect adverse consequences from disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, international hostilities or domestic civil unrest could result from impacts to the financial markets, the economy in general or in any region, or key parts of the infrastructure (such as the power grid) on which we and our customers rely. these types of indirect effects, whether specific to our counterparties or more generally applicable, could lead, for example, to an increase in delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults that could result in pnc experiencing higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs and provisions for credit losses. they could also cause a reduction in demand for lending or other services that we provide. to the extent that climate change increases the frequency or severity of adverse weather conditions, the impact from these types of natural disasters on us or our customers would be worse. the specific risks associated with the covid-19 pandemic are discussed in the risk factor headed "the covid-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance."
our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our resiliency planning. this includes our ability to anticipate the nature of any such event that might occur. the adverse impact of disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, international hostilities or domestic civil unrest also could be increased to the extent that there is a lack of preparedness on the part of national or regional emergency responders or on the part of other organizations and businesses that we deal with, many of which we depend on but have limited or no control over.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a)
executive summary key strategic goals at pnc we manage our company for the long term. we are focused on the fundamentals of growing customers, loans, deposits and revenue and improving profitability, while investing for the future and managing risk, expenses and capital. we continue to invest in our products, markets and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees and the communities where we do business.
we strive to serve our customers and expand and deepen relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit and fee-based products and services. we are focused on delivering those products and services to our customers with the goal of addressing their financial objectives and needs. our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures.
we are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term, and consist of:
•expanding our leading banking franchise to new markets and digital platforms,
•deepening customer relationships by delivering a superior banking experience and financial solutions, and
•leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security and processes.
our capital and liquidity priorities are to support customers, fund business investments and return excess capital to shareholders, while maintaining appropriate capital in light of economic conditions, the basel iii framework and other regulatory expectations. for more detail, see the supervision and regulation section in item 1 business, the capital highlights portion of this executive summary and the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section in this item 7.
key factors affecting financial performance we face a variety of risks that may impact various aspects of our risk profile from time to time. the extent of such impacts may vary depending on factors such as the current business and economic conditions, political and regulatory environment and operational challenges. many of these risks and our risk management strategies are described in more detail elsewhere in this report.
our success will depend upon, among other things, the following factors that we manage or control:
•effectively managing capital and liquidity including:
•continuing to maintain and grow our deposit base as a low-cost stable funding source,
•prudent liquidity and capital management to meet evolving regulatory capital, capital planning, stress testing and liquidity standards, and
•actions we take within the capital and other financial markets.
•execution of our strategic priorities,
•management of credit risk in our portfolio,
•our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment,
•the impact of legal and regulatory-related contingencies,
•the appropriateness of reserves needed for critical accounting estimates and related contingencies, and
•the integration of bbva's businesses into pnc and pnc bank.
our financial performance is also substantially affected by a number of external factors outside of our control, including the following:
•global and domestic economic conditions, including the length and extent of the economic impacts of the pandemic,
•the actions by the federal reserve, u.s. treasury and other government agencies, including those that impact money supply and market interest rates and inflation,
•the level of, and direction, timing and magnitude of movement in, interest rates and the shape of the interest rate yield curve,
•the functioning and other performance of, and availability of liquidity in, u.s. and global financial markets, including capital markets,

•changes in the competitive landscape,
•impacts of changes in federal, state and local governmental policy, including on the regulatory landscape, capital markets, taxes, infrastructure spending and social programs,
•the impact of market credit spreads on asset valuations,
•the ability of customers, counterparties and issuers to perform in accordance with contractual terms, and the resulting impact on our asset quality,
•loan demand, utilization of credit commitments and standby letters of credit, and
•the impact on customers and changes in customer behavior due to changing business and economic conditions or regulatory or legislative initiatives.
for additional information on the risks we face, see the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information section in this item 7 and item 1a risk factors in this report.
acquisition of bbva usa bancshares, inc.
on june 1, 2021, pnc acquired bbva, a u.s. financial holding company conducting its business operations primarily through its u.s. banking subsidiary, bbva usa. pnc paid $11.5 billion in cash as consideration for the acquisition.
on october 8, 2021, bbva usa merged into pnc bank. on october 12, 2021, pnc converted approximately 2.6 million customers, 9,000 employees and over 600 branches across seven states. our results for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021 reflect the impact of bbva's acquired business operations for the period since the acquisition closed on june 1, 2021. pnc's balance sheet at december 31, 2021 includes balances from bbva.
for additional information on the acquisition of bbva, see note 2 acquisition and divestiture activity in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
discontinued operations in the second quarter of 2020, pnc divested its entire 22.4% equity investment in blackrock. net proceeds from the sale were $14.2 billion with an after-tax gain on sale of $4.3 billion. blackrock's historical results are reported as discontinued operations. for additional details on the divestiture of our equity investment in blackrock, see note 2 acquisition and divestiture activity in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
income statement highlights net income from continuing operations for 2021 was $5.7 billion, or $12.70 per diluted common share, an increase of $2.7 billion compared to net income from continuing operations of $3.0 billion, or $6.36 per diluted common share, for 2020. the increase was primarily driven by lower provision for credit losses in 2021 and higher noninterest income, including the benefit of bbva, partially offset by expenses related to the bbva acquisition and increased business activity.
•total revenue increased $2.3 billion to $19.2 billion.
•net interest income increased $0.7 billion, or 7%, to $10.6 billion, including the benefit of bbva.
•net interest margin decreased to 2.29% for 2021 compared to 2.53% for 2020.
•noninterest income increased $1.6 billion, or 23%, to $8.6 billion, primarily due to the benefit of bbva and higher merger and acquisition advisory fees.
•provision recapture was $0.8 billion in 2021, driven by portfolio changes, including improved credit quality and changes in portfolio composition, along with the impact from an improved economic environment, partially offset by the additional provision for credit losses related to the bbva acquisition. provision for credit losses was $3.2 billion for 2020.
•noninterest expense increased $2.7 billion, or 26%, to $13.0 billion, reflecting expenses related to the bbva acquisition and increased business activity.
for additional detail, see the consolidated income statement review section of this item 7.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k balance sheet highlights our balance sheet was strong and well positioned at december 31, 2021 and 2020. in comparison to december 31, 2020, changes in our balance sheet were primarily driven by the bbva acquisition.
•total assets increased $90.5 billion, or 19%, to $557.2 billion.
•total loans increased $46.4 billion, or 19%, to $288.4 billion.
•total commercial loans grew $25.9 billion, or 15%, to $193.1 billion, driven by bbva loans and organic growth in pnc's corporate banking and business credit businesses, partially offset by ppp loan forgiveness.
•pnc had $3.4 billion of ppp loans outstanding at december 31, 2021, compared to $12.0 billion at december 31, 2020.
•total consumer loans increased $20.5 billion, or 28%, to $95.3 billion, primarily due to the addition of bbva loans and increased originations of residential mortgages, partially offset by declines in the remaining pnc legacy portfolios as paydowns outpaced new originations.
•investment securities increased $44.2 billion, or 50%, to $133.0 billion due to increased purchase activity and securities from bbva.
•interest earning deposits with banks, primarily with the federal reserve bank, decreased $10.9 billion to $74.3 billion primarily due to increased securities purchases.
•total deposits increased $91.9 billion, or 25%, to $457.3 billion, reflecting deposits from bbva and growth in consumer and commercial liquidity.
•borrowed funds of $30.8 billion decreased $6.4 billion, or 17%, due to lower bank notes and senior debt and lower fhlb borrowings, reflecting the use of liquidity from deposit growth, which more than offset borrowed funds from bbva.
for additional detail, see the consolidated balance sheet review section of this item 7.
credit quality highlights we maintained solid credit quality metrics in 2021.
•at december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020:
•nonperforming assets of $2.5 billion increased $169 million, or 7%, due to nonperforming assets from bbva, partially offset by lower pnc legacy nonperforming assets reflecting improved credit performance.
•overall loan delinquencies of $2.0 billion increased $622 million, or 46%, as lower delinquencies in the pnc legacy portfolio were more than offset by delinquencies attributable to bbva, including increases from bbva conversion-related administrative and operational delays.
•the acl related to loans, which consists of the alll and the allowance for unfunded lending related commitments, decreased to $5.5 billion, or 1.92% of total loans at december 31, 2021, compared to $5.9 billion, or 2.46% of total loans at december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily driven by impacts from portfolio changes and an improved economic environment, partially offset by the addition of reserves related to the bbva acquisition.
•net charge-offs of $657 million or 0.24% of average loans in 2021 decreased 21% compared to net charge-offs of $832 million or 0.33% of average loans, for 2020. commercial loan net charge-offs increased $15 million and consumer loan net charge-offs decreased $190 million compared to 2020.
for additional detail, see the credit risk management portion of the risk management section of this item 7.
capital highlights we maintained a strong capital position during 2021.
•the basel iii cet1 capital ratio decreased to 10.3% at december 31, 2021 from 12.2% at december 31, 2020, primarily due to the bbva acquisition.
•capital was impacted by our election of a five-year transition period for cecl's estimated impact on cet1 capital. cecl's estimated impact on cet1 capital is defined as the change in retained earnings at adoption plus or minus 25% of the change in cecl acl at the balance sheet date, excluding the initial allowance for pcd loans from bbva, compared to cecl acl at transition. the estimated cecl impact was added to cet1 capital through december 31, 2021 and will be phased-out over the following three years.
•common shareholders' equity increased to $50.7 billion at december 31, 2021, compared to $50.5 billion at december 31, 2020.
•in 2021, we returned $3.0 billion of capital to shareholders through dividends on common shares of $2.0 billion and repurchases of 5 million common shares for $1.0 billion.
•in june 2021, we announced the reinstatement of share repurchase programs with repurchases of up to $2.9 billion for the four-quarter period beginning in the third quarter of 2021.
•on january 5, 2022, the pnc board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on common stock of $1.25 per share paid on february 5, 2022.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k pnc's ability to take certain capital actions, including returning capital to shareholders, is subject to pnc meeting or exceeding a scb established by the federal reserve board in connection with the federal reserve board's ccar process. see additional discussion of the ccar process in the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business and item 1a risk factors of this report.
see the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 for more detail on our 2021 capital and liquidity actions as well as our capital ratios.
business outlook statements regarding our business outlook are forward-looking within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. our forward-looking financial statements are subject to the risk that economic and financial market conditions will be substantially different than those we are currently expecting and do not take into account potential legal and regulatory contingencies. these statements are based on our view that:
•the u.s. economy continues to recover from the pandemic-caused recession in the first half of 2020. growth is likely to be softer in the first quarter of 2022 due to the omicron variant, and then pick up in the spring, remaining above the economy's long-run average throughout this year. consumer spending growth will remain solid in 2022 due to good underlying fundamentals.
•supply-chain difficulties, which weighed on growth in the second half of 2021, will gradually ease over the course of 2022. labor shortages will remain a constraint this year, although strong wage growth will support consumer spending.
•inflation accelerated in the second half of 2021 to its fastest pace in decades due to strong demand but limited supplies coming out of the pandemic for some goods and services. inflation will slow in 2022 as supply and demand for these goods and services normalize, but also broaden throughout the economy due to wage growth. inflation will end 2022 above the federal reserve's long-run objective of 2%.
•pnc expects the fomc to raise the federal funds rate by 0.25 percentage points five times in 2022 to reach a range of 1.25% to 1.50% by the end of the year, and then further increase the federal funds rate in 2023. the federal reserve will also end its purchases of long-term treasuries and mortgage-backed securities in march 2022, and then start to reduce its balance sheet in mid-2022.
see the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information section in this item 7 and item 1a risk factors in this report for other factors that could cause future events to differ, perhaps materially, from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.
full year guidance for 2022 includes the impact of twelve months of bbva operations compared to seven months in 2021.
for the full year 2022, compared to full year 2021, we expect:
•average loan growth of approximately 10%,
•period-end loans to be up approximately 5%,
•revenue growth to be 8% to 10% (we now expect revenue growth to be on the higher end of this range based on our revised projection of the number of increases to the federal funds rate in 2022),
•expenses, excluding integration expense, to be up 4% to 6%,
•the effective tax rate to be approximately 18%, and
•to generate positive operating leverage.
for the first quarter of 2022, compared to the fourth quarter of 2021, we expect:
•average loans, excluding ppp, to be up approximately 1% to 2%,
•net interest income to be down approximately 1% to 2%,
•fee income to be down 4% to 6%,
•other noninterest income, excluding integration costs, net securities and visa activity, to be between $375 million and $425 million,
•total revenue to decline approximately 3% to 5%,
•noninterest expense, excluding approximately $30 million of integration expense, to be down approximately 4% to 6%, and
•net loan charge-offs to be between $100 million and $150 million.
additionally, as of year-end 2021, actions that will drive our $900 million of anticipated savings related to the bbva acquisition have been substantially completed, and we expect the savings to be fully realized in 2022. since the announcement of the acquisition, we have incurred approximately 95% of the total $980 million expected integration costs, which include $120 million of write-offs for capitalized items.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k consolidated income statement review our consolidated income statement is presented in item 8 of this report. for the comparison of 2020 over 2019, see the consolidated income statement review section in our 2020 form 10-k.
net income from continuing operations for 2021 was $5.7 billion, or $12.70 per diluted common share, an increase of $2.7 billion compared to net income from continuing operations of $3.0 billion, or $6.36 per diluted common share, for 2020. the increase was primarily driven by lower provision for credit losses in 2021 and higher noninterest income, including the benefit of bbva, partially offset by expenses related to the bbva acquisition and increased business activity.
net interest income table 1: summarized average balances and net interest income (a)
2021                                                                                                           2020
year ended december 31                                               average        average         interest                     average        average         interest dollars in millions                                                 balances        yields/          income/                    balances        yields/          income/
rates          expense                                      rates          expense assets interest-earning assets investment securities                                          $110,974           1.67    %      $1,855                     $87,279           2.36    %      $2,064
loans                                                           268,696           3.37    %       9,060                     252,633           3.55    %       8,979
interest-earning deposits with banks                             79,869           0.13    %         103                      47,333           0.21    %         100
other                                                             8,539           2.23    %         190                       9,553           2.50    %         239
total interest-earning assets/interest income                  $468,078           2.39    %      11,208                    $396,798           2.87    %      11,382
liabilities interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits                                      $279,228           0.05    %         126                    $238,771           0.27    %         643
borrowed funds                                                   34,508           1.05    %         361                      47,938           1.50    %         718
total interest-bearing liabilities/interest expense            $313,736           0.16    %         487                    $286,709           0.47    %       1,361
net interest margin/income (non-gaap)                                             2.29    %      10,721                                       2.53    %      10,021
taxable-equivalent adjustments                                                                     (74)                                                        (75)
net interest income (gaap)                                                                      $10,647                                                      $9,946
(a)interest income calculated as taxable-equivalent interest income. to provide more meaningful comparisons of interest income and yields for all interest-earning assets, as well as net interest margins, we use interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis in calculating average yields and net interest margins by increasing the interest income earned on tax-exempt assets to make it fully equivalent to interest income earned on taxable investments. this adjustment is not permitted under gaap on the consolidated income statement. for more information, see reconciliation of taxable-equivalent net interest income (non-gaap) in the statistical information (unaudited) section in item 8 of this report.
changes in net interest income and margin result from the interaction of the volume and composition of interest-earning assets and related yields, interest-bearing liabilities and related rates paid, and noninterest-bearing sources of funding. see the statistical information (unaudited) - average consolidated balance sheet and net interest analysis and analysis of year-to-year changes in net interest income in item 8 of this report.
net interest income increased $701 million, or 7% in 2021 compared with 2020. the increase was primarily due to the benefit of bbva interest-earning asset balances and lower deposit rates, partially offset by lower yields on securities. net interest margin decreased 24 basis points, largely due to lower yields on interest-earning assets as well as higher balances held at the federal reserve bank, partially offset by lower rates paid on deposits and borrowings.
average investment securities grew $23.7 billion, or 27%, primarily as a result of increased purchase activity and the bbva acquisition. average investment securities represented 24% of average interest-earning assets in 2021, compared to 22% in 2020.
average loans increased $16.1 billion, or 6%, primarily as a result of the bbva acquisition, partially offset by lower utilization of loan commitments by commercial customers and declines in home equity, credit card and auto loans as paydowns outpaced new originations. average loans represented 57% of average interest-earning assets in 2021 compared to 64% in 2020.
average interest-earning deposits with banks grew $32.5 billion as average balances held with the federal reserve bank increased primarily due to higher liquidity from deposit growth.
average interest-bearing deposits grew $40.5 billion, or 17%, due to overall growth in commercial and consumer liquidity, including deposits from bbva. in total, average interest-bearing deposits represented 89% of average interest-bearing liabilities in 2021 compared to 83% in 2020.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k average borrowed funds decreased $13.4 billion, or 28%, primarily due to a decline in fhlb borrowings reflecting the use of liquidity from deposit growth.
further details regarding average loans and deposits are included in the business segments review section of this item 7.
noninterest income table 2: noninterest income year ended december 31                                                                   change dollars in millions                          2021            2020                            $%
noninterest income asset management                         $964            $836            $128            15   %
consumer services                       1,845           1,484             361            24   %
corporate services                      2,924           2,167             757            35   %
residential mortgage                      456             604           (148)          (25)   %
service charges on deposits               535             500              35             7   %
other                                   1,840           1,364             476            35   %
total noninterest income               $8,564          $6,955          $1,609            23   %
noninterest income as a percentage of total revenue was 45% for 2021 and 41% for 2020.
asset management revenue increased due to the impact of higher average equity markets and the benefit of the bbva acquisition. pnc's discretionary client assets under management increased to $192 billion at december 31, 2021, compared with $170 billion at december 31, 2020, primarily attributable to higher equity markets and the impact of the bbva acquisition.
consumer services revenue increased reflecting the addition of bbva customers and the impacts of higher consumer spending on debit cards, merchant services revenue, credit card fees, and growth in brokerage fees primarily due to higher average equity markets.
growth in corporate services revenue was driven by higher capital markets-related revenue, primarily from increased merger and acquisition advisory fees. the increase was also attributable to the addition of bbva, higher treasury management product revenue and higher revenue from commercial mortgage banking activities.
residential mortgage revenue declined as higher loan sales were more than offset by lower servicing fees and lower mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge.
service charges on deposits increased primarily due to the addition of bbva customers, partially offset by lower transaction volumes including the impact of low cash mode® on overdraft revenue. for additional information on low cash mode®, see the business segments review section of this item 7.
other noninterest income increased primarily due to higher private equity revenue, partially offset by lower net securities gains. other noninterest income typically fluctuates from period to period depending on the nature and magnitude of transactions completed. further details regarding our customer-related trading activities are included in the market risk management - customer-related trading risk portion of the risk management section of this item 7. further details regarding private and other equity investments are included in the market risk management - equity and other investment risk section.
noninterest expense table 3: noninterest expense year ended december 31                                                              change dollars in millions                       2021            2020                          $%
noninterest expense personnel                           $7,141          $5,673          $1,468          26   %
occupancy                              940             826             114          14   %
equipment                            1,411           1,176             235          20   %
marketing                              319             236              83          35   %
other                                3,191           2,386             805          34   %
total noninterest expense          $13,002         $10,297          $2,705          26   %
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k the increase in noninterest expense reflected bbva operating and integration expenses as well as increased business activity.
we achieved our 2021 continuous improvement program savings goal of $300 million. in 2022, our goal will once again be $300 million in cost savings. as of year-end 2021, actions that will drive our $900 million of anticipated savings related to the bbva acquisition have been substantially completed, and we expect the savings to be fully realized in 2022.
effective income tax rate the effective income tax rate from continuing operations was 18.1% for 2021 compared with 12.4% for 2020. the increase was primarily due to overall higher pre-tax income in 2021 and the favorable resolution of certain tax matters in 2020.
the effective tax rate is generally lower than the statutory rate primarily due to tax credits we receive from our investments in low income housing and new markets investments, as well as earnings on other tax exempt investments. additional information regarding our effective tax rate is included in the reconciliation of statutory and effective tax rates table in note 19 income taxes in item 8 of this report.
provision for credit losses table 4: provision for (recapture of) credit losses year ended december 31
dollars in millions                                               2021            2020
provision for (recapture of) credit losses loans and leases                                            $(887)          $2,985
unfunded lending related commitments                            32              87
investment securities                                           51              80
other financial assets                                          25              23
total provision for (recapture of) credit losses            $(779)          $3,175
provision recapture was $0.8 billion in 2021, driven by portfolio changes, including improved credit quality and changes in portfolio composition, along with the impact from an improved economic environment, partially offset by the additional provision for credit losses related to the bbva acquisition.
net interest income less the provision for credit losses was $11.4 billion, $6.8 billion and $9.2 billion for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
net income from discontinued operations for additional details on the divestiture of our equity investment in blackrock, see note 2 acquisition and divestiture activity in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k consolidated balance sheet review the summarized balance sheet data in table 5 is based upon our consolidated balance sheet in item 8 of this report. for additional detail of the comparison of 2020 over 2019, see the consolidated balance sheet review section in our 2020 form 10-k.
table 5: summarized balance sheet data december 31                  december 31                                   change dollars in millions                                                   2021                         2020                                       $%
assets interest-earning deposits with banks                         $74,250                      $85,173                    $(10,923)          (13)   %
loans held for sale                                            2,231                        1,597                          634            40   %
investment securities                                        132,962                       88,799                       44,163            50   %
loans                                                        288,372                      241,928                       46,444            19   %
allowance for loan and lease losses                          (4,868)                      (5,361)                          493             9   %
mortgage servicing rights                                      1,818                        1,242                          576            46   %
goodwill                                                      10,916                        9,233                        1,683            18   %
other, net                                                    51,510                       44,068                        7,442            17   %
total assets                                                $557,191                     $466,679                      $90,512            19   %
liabilities deposits                                                    $457,278                     $365,345                      $91,933            25   %
borrowed funds                                                30,784                       37,195                      (6,411)          (17)   %
allowance for unfunded lending related commitments               662                          584                           78            13   %
other                                                         12,741                        9,514                        3,227            34   %
total liabilities                                            501,465                      412,638                       88,827            22   %
equity total shareholders' equity                                    55,695                       54,010                        1,685             3   %
noncontrolling interests                                          31                           31                                          -
total equity                                                  55,726                       54,041                        1,685             3   %
total liabilities and equity                                $557,191                     $466,679                      $90,512            19   %
our balance sheet was strong and well-positioned at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020.
•total asset growth reflected the addition of assets from the bbva acquisition and increased securities purchases, partially offset by a decrease in interest-earning deposits with banks and ppp loan forgiveness.
•total liabilities increased primarily due to deposit growth reflecting higher consumer and commercial deposits driven by the acquisition of bbva, partially offset by lower borrowed funds.
•total equity increased as net income and the issuance of preferred stock was partially offset by lower aoci, dividends paid on common and preferred stock and share repurchases.
the acl related to loans totaled $5.5 billion at december 31, 2021, a decrease of $415 million since december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily driven by impacts from portfolio changes and an improved economic environment, partially offset by the addition of reserves related to the bbva acquisition. see the following for additional information regarding our acl related to loans:
•allowance for credit losses in the credit risk management section of this item 7,
•critical accounting estimates and judgements section of this item 7, and
•note 1 accounting policies and note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
the following discussion provides additional information about the major components of our balance sheet. information regarding our capital and regulatory compliance is included in the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 and in note 20 regulatory matters in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k loans table 6: loans december 31                  december 31                                 change dollars in millions                           2021   2020                                                           $%
commercial commercial and industrial           $152,933                     $132,073                    $20,860            16   %
commercial real estate                34,015                             28,716                5,299            18   %
equipment lease financing              6,130                              6,414                (284)           (4)   %
total commercial                     193,078                      167,203                     25,875            15   %
consumer residential real estate               39,712                             22,560               17,152            76   %
home equity                           24,061                             24,088                 (27)             -
automobile                            16,635                             14,218                2,417            17   %
credit card                            6,626                              6,215   411                            7   %
education                              2,533                              2,946                (413)          (14)   %
other consumer                         5,727                              4,698                1,029            22   %
total consumer                        95,294                       74,725                     20,569            28   %
total loans                         $288,372                     $241,928                    $46,444            19   %
commercial loans increased primarily due to the impact of the bbva acquisition and organic growth in pnc's corporate banking and business credit businesses, partially offset by ppp loan forgiveness. pnc had $3.4 billion of ppp loans outstanding at december 31 2021, compared to $12.0 billion at december 31, 2020.
for commercial and industrial loans by industry and commercial real estate loans by geography and property type, see loan portfolio characteristics and analysis in the credit risk management portion of the risk management section in this item 7.
consumer loans increased primarily due to the addition of bbva loans and increased originations of residential mortgages, partially offset by declines in the remaining pnc legacy portfolios as paydowns outpaced new originations.
for information on home equity and residential real estate portfolios, including loans by geography, and our auto loan portfolio, see loan portfolio characteristics and analysis in the credit risk management portion of the risk management section in this item 7.
for additional information regarding our loan portfolio, see the credit risk management portion of the risk management section in this item 7 and note 1 accounting policies, note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses in our notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
investment securities investment securities of $133.0 billion at december 31, 2021 increased $44.2 billion, or 50%, compared to december 31, 2020, due primarily to net purchases of agency residential mortgage-backed securities and u.s. treasury and government agency securities, including the impact of the bbva acquisition.
the level and composition of the investment securities portfolio fluctuates over time based on many factors including market conditions, loan and deposit growth, and balance sheet management activities. we manage our investment securities portfolio to optimize returns, while providing a reliable source of liquidity for our banking and other activities, considering the lcr, nsfr and other internal and external guidelines and constraints.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k table 7: investment securities december 31, 2021                             december 31, 2020                                                                                        ratings as of december 31, 2021 (a)
dollars in millions                                     amortized                          fair         amortized                        fair                 aaa/                       a                     bbb                     bb and                         no cost (b)                         value          cost (b)                       value                   aa                                                                      lower                     rating u.s. treasury and government agencies               $47,024                         $47,054         $20,616                       $21,631                  100   %
agency residential mortgage-backed                   67,326                          67,632          47,355                        48,911                  100   %
non-agency residential mortgage-backed                  927                           1,158           1,272                         1,501                    6   %                   1   %                   2   %                    48    %                    43    %
agency commercial mortgage-backed                     1,740                           1,773           2,571                         2,688                  100   %
non-agency commercial mortgage-backed (c)             3,423                           3,436           3,678                         3,689                   85   %                   1   %                   2   %                                               12    %
asset-backed (d)                                      6,380                           6,409           5,060                         5,150                   95   %                   1   %                                             4    %
other debt (e)                                        5,404                           5,596           5,061                         5,393                   52   %                  27   %                  17   %                                                4    %
total investment securities (f)                    $132,224                        $133,058         $85,613                       $88,963                   96   %                   1   %                   1   %                     1    %                     1    %
(a)ratings percentages allocated based on amortized cost, net of allowance for investment securities.
(b)amortized cost is presented net of the allowance for investment securities, which totaled $133 million at december 31, 2021 and primarily related to non-agency commercial mortgage-backed securities. the comparable amount at december 31, 2020 was $82 million.
(c)collateralized primarily by office buildings, multifamily housing, retail properties, lodging properties and industrial properties.
(d)collateralized primarily by corporate debt, government guaranteed education loans and other consumer credit products.
(e)includes state and municipal securities.
(f)includes available for sale and held to maturity securities, which are recorded on our balance sheet at fair value and amortized cost, respectively.
table 7 presents the distribution of our investment securities portfolio by amortized cost and fair value, as well as by credit rating. we have included credit ratings information because we believe that the information is an indicator of the degree of credit risk to which we are exposed. changes in credit ratings classifications could indicate increased or decreased credit risk and could be accompanied by a reduction or increase in the fair value of our investment securities portfolio. we continually monitor the credit risk in our portfolio and maintain the allowance for investment securities at an appropriate level to absorb expected credit losses on our investment securities portfolio for the remaining contractual term of the securities adjusted for expected prepayments. see note 1 accounting policies and note 3 investment securities in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for additional details regarding the methodology for determining the allowance and the amount of the allowance for investment securities, respectively.
the duration of investment securities was 3.7 years at december 31, 2021. we estimate that at december 31, 2021 the effective duration of investment securities was 3.8 years for an immediate 50 basis points parallel increase in interest rates and 3.5 years for an immediate 50 basis points parallel decrease in interest rates. comparable amounts at december 31, 2020 for the effective duration of investment securities were 3.1 years and 2.0 years, respectively.
based on expected prepayment speeds, the weighted-average expected maturity of the investment securities portfolio was 4.4 years at december 31, 2021 compared to 3.4 years at december 31, 2020.
table 8: weighted-average expected maturities of mortgage and asset-backed debt securities december 31, 2021                                years agency residential mortgage-backed             4.6
non-agency residential mortgage-backed         6.8
agency commercial mortgage-backed              4.5
non-agency commercial mortgage-backed          1.8
asset-backed                                   3.2
additional information regarding our investment securities portfolio is included in note 3 investment securities and note 15 fair value in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k funding sources table 9: details of funding sources december 31                  december 31                                 change dollars in millions                                    2021   2020                                                           $%
deposits noninterest-bearing                          $155,175                     $112,637                    $42,538            38   %
interest-bearing money market                                   61,229                       59,737                      1,492             2   %
demand                                        115,910                       92,294                     23,616            26   %
savings                                       107,598                       80,985                     26,613            33   %
time deposits                                  17,366                       19,692                    (2,326)          (12)   %
total interest-bearing deposits               302,103                      252,708                     49,395            20   %
total deposits                                457,278                      365,345                     91,933            25   %
borrowed funds federal home loan bank borrowings                                            3,500                    (3,500)         (100)   %
bank notes and senior debt                     20,661                       24,271                    (3,610)          (15)   %
subordinated debt                               6,996                        6,403                        593             9   %
other                                           3,127                        3,021                        106             4   %
total borrowed funds                           30,784                       37,195                    (6,411)          (17)   %
total funding sources                        $488,062                     $402,540                    $85,522            21   %
total deposits increased reflecting deposits from bbva and growth in consumer and commercial liquidity.
borrowed funds decreased due to lower bank notes and senior debt and lower fhlb borrowings, reflecting the use of liquidity from deposit growth, which more than offset borrowed funds from bbva.
the level and composition of borrowed funds fluctuates over time based on many factors including market conditions, loan, investment securities and deposit growth and capital considerations. we manage our borrowed funds to provide a reliable source of liquidity for our banking and other activities, considering our lcr and nsfr requirements and other internal and external guidelines and constraints.
see the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 for additional information regarding our 2021 liquidity and capital activities. see note 10 borrowed funds in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional information related to our borrowings.
shareholders' equity total shareholders' equity was $55.7 billion at december 31, 2021, an increase of $1.7 billion, compared to december 31, 2020. the increase resulted primarily from net income of $5.7 billion and a preferred stock issuance of $1.5 billion, partially offset by lower aoci of $2.4 billion reflecting the impact of higher rates on net unrealized securities gains, common and preferred stock dividends of $2.3 billion and common share repurchases of $1.0 billion.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k business segments review we have three reportable business segments:
•retail banking
•corporate & institutional banking
•asset management group business segment results and a description of each business are included in note 23 segment reporting in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report. certain amounts included in this business segments review differ from those amounts shown in note 23, primarily due to the presentation in this item 7 of business net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis. note 23 presents results of businesses for 2021, 2020 and 2019.
net interest income in business segment results reflects our internal funds transfer pricing methodology. assets receive a funding charge and liabilities and capital receive a funding credit based on a transfer pricing methodology that incorporates product repricing characteristics, tenor and other factors.
total business segment financial results differ from total consolidated net income. the impact of these differences is reflected in the "other" category as shown in table 119 in note 23 segment reporting in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report. "other" includes residual activities that do not meet the criteria for disclosure as a separate reportable business, such as asset and liability management activities including net securities gains or losses, acl for investment securities, certain trading activities, certain runoff consumer loan portfolios, private equity investments, intercompany eliminations, certain corporate overhead, tax adjustments that are not allocated to business segments, exited businesses, and differences between business segment performance reporting and financial statement reporting (gaap).
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k retail banking retail banking's core strategy is to help all of our consumer and small business customers move financially forward. we aim to grow our primary checking and transaction relationships through strong customer acquisition and retention. we seek to deepen relationships by meeting the broad range of our customers' financial needs with savings, liquidity, lending, investment and retirement solutions. a strategic priority for us is to differentiate the customer experience, leveraging technology to make banking easier for our customers. a key element of our strategy is to expand the use of lower-cost alternative distribution channels, with an emphasis on digital capabilities, while continuing to optimize the traditional branch network. in addition, we are focused on consistently engaging both our employees and customers, which is a strong driver of customer growth, retention and relationship expansion.
table 10: retail banking table
(unaudited)
year ended december 31                                                                                                                change dollars in millions, except as noted                          2021                       2020                                $             %
income statement net interest income                                     $6,206                     $5,609                     $597                    11   %
noninterest income                                       2,796                      2,519                      277                    11   %
total revenue                                            9,002                      8,128                      874                    11   %
provision for (recapture of) credit losses               (101)                        968                  (1,069)                         *
noninterest expense                                      6,916                      6,019                      897                    15   %
pretax earnings                                          2,187                      1,141                    1,046                    92   %
income taxes                                               508                        266                      242                    91   %
noncontrolling interests                                    31                         31                        -                     -
earnings                                                $1,648                       $844                     $804                    95   %
average balance sheet loans held for sale                                     $1,328                       $745                     $583                    78   %
loans consumer residential real estate                                $25,230                    $18,171                   $7,059                    39   %
home equity                                             22,387                     22,633                    (246)                   (1)   %
automobile                                              15,787                     15,968                    (181)                   (1)   %
credit card                                              6,182                      6,629                    (447)                   (7)   %
education                                                2,770                      3,176                    (406)                  (13)   %
other consumer                                           2,397                      2,334                       63                     3   %
total consumer                                          74,753                     68,911                    5,842                     8   %
commercial                                              14,321                     12,573                    1,748                    14   %
total loans                                            $89,074                    $81,484                   $7,590                     9   %
total assets                                          $106,331                    $97,643                   $8,688                     9   %
deposits noninterest-bearing                                    $57,729                    $39,754                  $17,975                    45   %
interest-bearing                                       184,040                    150,482                   33,558                    22   %
total deposits                                        $241,769                   $190,236                  $51,533                    27   %
performance ratios return on average assets                                  1.55   %                   0.86   %
noninterest income to total revenue                         31   %                     31   %
efficiency                                                  77   %                     74   %
(continued on following page)

(continued from previous page)
year ended december 31                                                                                                                                             change dollars in millions, except as noted                                                         2021                     2020                                $             %
supplemental noninterest income information consumer services                                                                      $1,752                   $1,427                     $325                    23   %
residential mortgage                                                                     $456                     $604                   $(148)                  (25)   %
service charges on deposits                                                              $542                     $497                      $45                     9   %
residential mortgage information residential mortgage servicing statistics (in billions, except as noted) (a)
serviced portfolio balance (b)                                                           $133                     $121                      $12                    10   %
serviced portfolio acquisitions                                                           $44                      $33                      $11                    33   %
msr asset value (b)                                                                      $1.1                     $0.7                     $0.4                    57   %
msr capitalization value (in basis points) (b)                                             81                       56                       25                    45   %
servicing income: (in millions)
servicing fees, net (c)                                                                   $34                     $118                    $(84)                  (71)   %
mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge                                $64                     $137                    $(73)                  (53)   %
residential mortgage loan statistics loan origination volume (in billions)                                                   $24.8                    $15.1                     $9.7                    64   %
loan sale margin percentage                                                              2.84   %                 3.57   %
percentage of originations represented by:
purchase volume (d)                                                                        43   %                   40   %
refinance volume                                                                           57   %                   60   %
other information (b)
customer-related statistics (average) (e)
non-teller deposit transactions (f)                                                        65   %                   64   %
digital consumer customers (g)                                                             79   %                   74   %
credit-related statistics nonperforming assets                                                                   $1,220                   $1,211                       $9                     1   %
net charge-offs - loans and leases                                                       $393                     $569                   $(176)                  (31)   %
other statistics atms                                                                                    9,523                    8,900                      623                     7   %
branches (h)                                                                            2,629                    2,162                      467                    22   %
brokerage account client assets (in billions) (i)                                         $78                      $59                      $19                    32   %
* - not meaningful
(a)represents mortgage loan servicing balances for third parties and the related income.
(b)presented as of period end, except for average customer-related statistics and net charge-offs, which are both shown for the year ended, respectively.
(c)servicing fees net of impact of decrease in msr value due to passage of time, including the impact from both regularly scheduled loan payments, prepayments, and loans that were paid down or paid off during the period.
(d)mortgages with borrowers as part of residential real estate purchase transactions.
(e)statistics for 2021 include bbva activity subsequent to the conversion on october 12, 2021.
(f)percentage of total consumer and business banking deposit transactions processed at an atm or through our mobile banking application.
(g)represents consumer checking relationships that process the majority of their transactions through non-teller channels.
(h)excludes stand-alone mortgage offices and satellite offices (e.g., drive-ups, electronic branches and retirement centers) that provide limited products and/or services.
(i)includes cash and money market balances.
retail banking earnings increased $804 million in 2021 compared with the same period in 2020. the increase in earnings was attributable to a provision recapture, higher net interest income and higher noninterest income, partially offset by higher noninterest expense. the 2021 amounts reflect the benefit of bbva's business operations since the acquisition closed on june 1, 2021.
net interest income increased primarily due to growth in average deposits and loan balances, reflecting the bbva acquisition, along with wider interest rate spreads on the value of loans, partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of deposits.
noninterest income increased due to higher consumer services revenue driven by debit card and brokerage fees and higher service charges on deposits which benefited from the addition of bbva customers and higher business activity. the increase in noninterest income was partially offset by declines in residential mortgage revenue, driven by lower net servicing fees primarily due to higher payoffs and lower revenue from residential mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k provision recapture in 2021 was driven by portfolio changes, including improved credit quality and changes in portfolio composition, along with the impact from an improved economic environment, partially offset by the additional provision for credit losses related to the bbva acquisition.
noninterest expense increased, primarily as a result of the impact of bbva operating expenses, increased marketing activity and additions to litigation reserves.
the deposit strategy of retail banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances, executing on market-specific deposit growth strategies and providing a source of low-cost funding and liquidity to pnc. in 2021, average total deposits increased compared to the same period in 2020 primarily driven by growth in demand and savings deposits which benefited from the impact of the bbva acquisition and continued government stimulus payments.
retail banking average total loans increased in 2021 compared with the same period in 2020 due to the impact of the bbva acquisition on all loan classes except education loans, which bbva did not have in their loan portfolio. the below outlines portfolio drivers excluding the impact of bbva.
•average residential real estate loans increased primarily due to originations outpacing paydowns.
•average commercial loans increased primarily due to ppp loans.
•average other consumer loans decreased due to liquidations outpacing new volumes.
•average credit card balances decreased due to changes in customer behavior resulting in higher balance paydowns driven by government stimulus combined with credit tightening actions taken as a result of the pandemic.
•average education loans decreased driven by a decline in the runoff portfolio of government guaranteed education loans.
•average home equity loans decreased as paydowns and payoffs exceeded new originated volume.
•average auto loan balances decreased due to the impacts of the pandemic on the auto industry and proactive credit tightening.
our national expansion strategy is designed to grow customers with digitally-led banking and a thin branch network as we expand into new markets. in 2018, we began offering our digital high yield savings deposit product and opened our first solution center in kansas city. solution centers are an emerging branch operating model with a distinctive layout, where routine transactions are supported through a combination of technology and skilled banker assistance to create personalized experiences. the primary focus of the solution center is to bring a community element to our digital banking capabilities. the solution center provides a collaborative environment that connects our customers with our digital solutions and services, beyond deposits and withdrawals. in 2021, we opened 13 new solution centers, including in three new markets, denver, minneapolis and phoenix. in total, we have 33 open solution centers within the markets of boston, dallas/fort worth, denver, houston, kansas city, minneapolis, nashville and phoenix. we also offer digital unsecured installment and small business loans in the expansion markets. as a result of the bbva acquisition, we have become a coast-to-coast retail bank and added over 600 branches across seven states to our network.
retail banking continues to enhance the customer experience with refinements to product and service offerings that drive value for consumers and small businesses. we are focused on meeting the financial needs of our customers by providing a broad range of liquidity, banking and investment products. in april 2021, we announced our low cash mode® virtual wallet® feature which gives all virtual wallet® customers the ability to avoid unnecessary overdraft fees through real-time intelligent alerts, extra time to prevent or address overdrafts, and controls to choose whether to return certain debits rather than the bank making the decision. through the end of december, we have successfully rolled out low cash mode® to all virtual wallet® customers. upon conversion, bbva customers became eligible for the full suite of pnc products and services, including low cash mode®.
retail banking continued to execute on its strategy of transforming the customer experience through transaction channel migration, branch network and home lending process transformations and multi-channel engagement and service strategies. we are also continually assessing our current branch network for optimization opportunities as usage of alternative channels has increased and as a result closed 196 branches, consistent with our plan. these branch closures included two solution centers due to their proximity to pre-existing bbva usa branch locations.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k corporate & institutional banking corporate & institutional banking's strategy is to be the leading relationship-based provider of traditional banking products and services to its customers through the economic cycles. we aim to grow our market share and drive higher returns by delivering value-added solutions that help our clients better run their organizations, all while maintaining prudent risk and expense management. we continue to focus on building client relationships where the risk-return profile is attractive.
table 11: corporate & institutional banking table
(unaudited)
year ended december 31                                                                                                                                              change dollars in millions                                                                         2021                       2020                                $             %
income statement net interest income                                                                   $4,571                     $4,049                     $522                    13   %
noninterest income                                                                     3,783                      3,062                      721                    24   %
total revenue                                                                          8,354                      7,111                    1,243                    17   %
provision for (recapture of) credit losses                                             (646)                      2,088                  (2,734)                         *
noninterest expense                                                                    3,479                      2,856                      623                    22   %
pretax earnings                                                                        5,521                      2,167                    3,354                   155   %
income taxes                                                                           1,183                        483                      700                   145   %
noncontrolling interests                                                                  14                         10                        4                    40   %
earnings                                                                              $4,324                     $1,674                   $2,650                   158   %
average balance sheet loans held for sale                                                                     $583                       $762                   $(179)                  (23)   %
loans commercial commercial and industrial                                                           $126,928                   $125,426                   $1,502                     1   %
commercial real estate                                                                31,584                     27,180                    4,404                    16   %
equipment lease financing                                                              6,286                      6,813                    (527)                   (8)   %
total commercial                                                                     164,798                    159,419                    5,379                     3   %
consumer                                                                                  13                         10                        3                    30   %
total loans                                                                         $164,811                   $159,429                   $5,382                     3   %
total assets                                                                        $188,470                   $183,189                   $5,281                     3   %
deposits noninterest-bearing demand                                                           $79,109                    $53,681                  $25,428                    47   %
interest-bearing demand                                                               72,210                     70,622                    1,588                     2   %
total deposits                                                                      $151,319                   $124,303                  $27,016                    22   %
performance ratios return on average assets                                                                2.29   %                   0.91   %
noninterest income to total revenue                                                       45   %                     43   %
efficiency                                                                                42   %                     40   %
other information consolidated revenue from: (a)
treasury management (b)                                                               $2,169                     $1,884                     $285                    15   %
capital markets (b)                                                                   $1,983                     $1,607                     $376                    23   %
commercial mortgage banking activities:
commercial mortgage loans held for sale (c)                                             $145                       $162                    $(17)                  (10)   %
commercial mortgage loan servicing income (d)                                            334                        294                       40                    14   %
commercial mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge (e)                 80                         72                        8                    11   %
total                                                                                   $559                       $528                      $31                     6   %
msr asset value (f)                                                                     $740                       $569                     $171                    30   %
average loans by c&amp;ib business corporate banking                                                                    $81,069                    $81,977                   $(908)                   (1)   %
real estate                                                                           42,936                     40,381                    2,555                     6   %
business credit                                                                       24,047                     22,589                    1,458                     6   %
commercial banking                                                                    12,054                     10,415                    1,639                    16   %
other                                                                                  4,705                      4,067                      638                    16   %
total average loans                                                                 $164,811                   $159,429                   $5,382                     3   %
credit-related statistics nonperforming assets (f)                                                              $1,007                       $827                     $180                    22   %
net charge-offs - loans and leases                                                      $289                       $280                       $9                     3   %
* - not meaningful
(a)see the additional revenue discussion regarding treasury management, capital markets-related products and services, and commercial mortgage banking activities in the product revenue section of this corporate & institutional banking section.
(b)amounts are reported in net interest income and noninterest income.
(c)represents other noninterest income for valuations on commercial mortgage loans held for sale and related commitments, derivative valuations, originations fees, gains on sale of loans held for sale and net interest income on loans held for sale.
(d)represents net interest income and noninterest income (primarily in corporate service fees) from loan servicing net of reduction in commercial mortgage servicing rights due to amortization expense and payoffs. commercial mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge is shown separately.

(e)amounts are reported in corporate service fees.
(f)as of december 31.
corporate & institutional banking earnings increased $2.7 billion in 2021 compared with the same period in 2020, driven by a provision recapture and higher total revenue, partially offset by higher noninterest expense. results for 2021 reflect the benefit of bbva's business operations since the acquisition closed on june 1, 2021.
net interest income increased in the comparison primarily due to higher average deposit and loan balances reflecting the bbva acquisition and wider interest rate spreads on the value of loans, partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of deposits.
growth in noninterest income in the comparison reflected broad-based increases, including the benefit from bbva, in capital markets-related revenue, treasury management product revenue and revenue from commercial mortgage banking activities.
provision recapture in 2021 was driven by portfolio changes, including improved credit quality and changes in portfolio composition, along with the impact from an improved economic environment, partially offset by the additional provision for credit losses related to the bbva acquisition.
noninterest expense increased in the comparison largely due to higher variable costs associated with increased business activity and the bbva acquisition.
average loans increased compared with 2020 due to increases in real estate, commercial banking and business credit, partially offset by a decline in corporate banking:
•real estate provides banking, financing, and servicing solutions for commercial real estate clients across the country. average loans for this business increased reflecting loans from bbva, partially offset by lower commercial mortgage and multifamily agency warehouse lending.
•commercial banking provides lending, treasury management and capital markets-related products and services to smaller corporations and businesses. average loans for this business increased primarily driven by loans from bbva, partially offset by lower average utilization of loan commitments.
•business credit provides asset-based lending and equipment financing solutions. the loan and lease portfolio is relatively high yielding, with acceptable risk as the loans are mainly secured by business assets. average loans for this business increased primarily driven by new production and loans from bbva, partially offset by lower average utilization of loan commitments.
•corporate banking provides lending, equipment finance, treasury management and capital markets-related products and services to mid-sized and large corporations and government, and not-for-profit entities. average loans for this business declined slightly reflecting lower average utilization of loan commitments, mostly offset by loans from bbva and new production.
the deposit strategy of corporate & institutional banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances over time, executing on customer and segment-specific deposit growth strategies and continuing to provide funding and liquidity to pnc. average total deposits increased in the comparison reflecting deposits from bbva and customers maintaining liquidity due to the economic impacts of the pandemic. we continue to actively monitor the interest rate environment and make adjustments in response to evolving market conditions, bank funding needs and client relationship dynamics.
corporate & institutional banking continues to expand its corporate banking business, focused on the middle market and larger sectors. we executed on our expansion plans into the seattle and portland markets in 2020, and in 2021, the bbva acquisition accelerated our expansion efforts across the southwest; however, this has not changed our strategy regarding our de novo expansion efforts. this follows offices opened in boston and phoenix in 2019, denver, houston and nashville in 2018, and dallas, kansas city and minneapolis in 2017. these locations complement corporate & institutional banking national businesses with a significant presence in these cities, and build on past successes in the markets where pnc's retail banking presence was limited, such as in the southeast. our full suite of commercial products and services is offered in these locations.
product revenue in addition to credit and deposit products for commercial customers, corporate & institutional banking offers other services, including treasury management, capital markets-related products and services, and commercial mortgage banking activities, for customers of all business segments. on a consolidated basis, the revenue from these other services is included in net interest income, corporate service fees and other noninterest income. from a business perspective, the majority of the revenue and expense related to these services is reflected in the corporate & institutional banking segment results and the remainder is reflected in the results of other businesses. the other information section in table 11 includes the consolidated revenue to pnc for these services. a discussion of the consolidated revenue from these services follows.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k the treasury management business provides corporations with cash and investment management services, receivables and disbursement management services, funds transfer services, international payment services and access to online/mobile information management and reporting services. within treasury management, pnc global transfers (formerly bbva transfer services, inc.) provides wholesale money transfer processing capabilities between the u.s. and mexico and other countries primarily in central and south america. treasury management revenue is reported in noninterest income and net interest income. noninterest income includes treasury management product revenue less earnings credits provided to customers on compensating deposit balances used to pay for products and services. net interest income primarily includes revenue from all treasury management customer deposit balances. compared with 2020, treasury management revenue increased primarily due to higher noninterest income and higher deposit balances including the impact of the bbva acquisition, partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of deposits.
capital markets-related products and services include foreign exchange, derivatives, fixed income, securities underwriting, loan syndications, mergers and acquisitions advisory and equity capital markets advisory related services. the increase in capital markets-related revenue in the comparison was mostly driven by higher merger and acquisition fees, higher loan syndications and higher equity capital market advisory fees. these increases were partially offset by lower fees and credit valuations on customer-related derivative activities.
commercial mortgage banking activities include revenue derived from commercial mortgage servicing (both net interest income and noninterest income) and revenue derived from commercial mortgage loans held for sale and related hedges. total revenue from commercial mortgage banking activities increased in the comparison primarily due to higher commercial mortgage loan servicing income, partially offset by lower revenue from commercial mortgage loans held for sale.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k asset management group the asset management group strives to be the leading relationship-based provider of investment, planning, credit and cash management solutions and fiduciary services to wealthy individuals and institutions by endeavoring to proactively deliver value-added ideas, solutions and exceptional service. asset management group's priorities are to serve our clients' financial objectives, grow and deepen customer relationships and deliver solid financial performance with prudent risk and expense management.
table 12: asset management group table
(unaudited)
year ended december 31                                                                                                                      change dollars in millions, except as noted                                    2021                     2020                                $           %
income statement net interest income                                                 $476                     $357                     $119                  33   %
noninterest income                                                   987                      854                      133                  16   %
total revenue                                                      1,463                    1,211                      252                  21   %
provision for (recapture of) credit losses                           (7)                       21                     (28)                       *
noninterest expense                                                  941                      858                       83                  10   %
pretax earnings                                                      529                      332                      197                  59   %
income taxes                                                         123                       77                       46                  60   %
earnings                                                            $406                     $255                     $151                  59   %
average balance sheet loans consumer residential real estate                                           $5,033                   $2,832                   $2,201                  78   %
other consumer                                                     4,321                    4,042                      279                   7   %
total consumer                                                     9,354                    6,874                    2,480                  36   %
commercial                                                         1,746                      831                      915                 110   %
total loans                                                      $11,100                   $7,705                   $3,395                  44   %
total assets                                                     $11,677                   $8,186                   $3,491                  43   %
deposits noninterest-bearing demand                                        $2,919                   $1,568                   $1,351                  86   %
interest-bearing demand                                           22,782                   17,347                    5,435                  31   %
total deposits                                                   $25,701                  $18,915                   $6,786                  36   %
performance ratios return on average assets                                            3.48   %                 3.12   %
noninterest income to total revenue                                   67   %                   71   %
efficiency                                                            64   %                   71   %
supplemental noninterest income information asset management fees                                               $964                     $836                     $128                  15   %
brokerage fees                                                         9                                                 9                       *
total                                                               $973                     $836                     $137                  16   %
other information nonperforming assets (a)                                             $62                      $66                     $(4)                 (6)   %
net charge-offs - loans and leases                                    $2                       $1                       $1                 100   %
brokerage account client assets (in billions) (a)                     $5                                                                         *
client assets under administration (in billions) (a) (b)
discretionary client assets under management                        $192                     $170                      $22                  13   %
nondiscretionary client assets under administration                  175                      154                       21                  14   %
total                                                               $367                     $324                      $43                  13   %
discretionary client assets under management pnc private bank                                                    $123                     $108                      $15                  14   %
institutional asset management                                        69                       62                        7                  11   %
total                                                               $192                     $170                      $22                  13   %
* - not meaningful
(a)as of december 31.
(b)excludes brokerage account client assets.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k the asset management group consists of two primary businesses: pnc private bank and institutional asset management.
the pnc private bank is focused on being a premier private bank in each of the markets it serves. the business seeks to deliver high quality banking, trust, and investment management services to our emerging affluent, high net worth, and ultra-high net worth clients through a broad array of products and services.
institutional asset management provides outsourced chief investment officer, custody, private real estate, cash and fixed income client solutions, and retirement plan fiduciary investment services to institutional clients including corporations, healthcare systems, insurance companies, unions, municipalities, and non-profits.
with the inclusion of bbva, pnc private bank has approximately 100 offices operating in nine out of the ten most affluent states in the u.s. with a majority co-located with retail banking branches.
asset management group earnings increased $151 million in 2021 compared with the same period in 2020, driven by higher revenue and lower provision for credit losses, partially offset by an increase in noninterest expense. results for 2021 reflect the benefit of bbva's business operations since the acquisition closed on june 1, 2021.
net interest income increased due to growth in average loan and deposit balances, reflecting the bbva acquisition and wider interest rate spreads on the value of loans. this was partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of deposits. the private banking business continues to refine and offer banking products targeted to the emerging affluent, the affluent and the ultra-affluent client segments. a key focus of the lending business is to drive growth within both the residential real estate product and securities-based lines of credit product. in addition, the deposit strategy focuses on liquidity management for optimizing a client's overall portfolio.
the increase in noninterest income was primarily attributable to increases in the average equity markets and the benefit of bbva.
noninterest expense increased due to the impact of bbva operations and higher operational loss reserves, partially offset by intangible asset amortization run-off.
provision recapture in 2021 was driven by improvements in credit quality and the economic environment, partially offset by the additional provision for credit losses related to the bbva acquisition.
discretionary client assets under management increased in comparison to the prior year primarily attributable to higher equity markets and the benefit from bbva as of december 31, 2021.
risk management enterprise risk management we encounter risk as part of the normal course of operating our business. accordingly, we design our risk governance framework, referred to as the erm framework, and risk management processes to help manage this risk. we manage risk in light of our risk appetite to optimize long-term shareholder value while supporting our employees, customers and communities.
our erm framework is structurally aligned with regulatory enhanced prudential standards and heightened standards, promulgated by the federal reserve and occ, respectively, which establish minimum requirements for the design and implementation of a risk governance framework. this risk management section describes our erm framework, which consists of seven core components that provide executive management and the board of directors with an aggregate view of significant risks impacting the organization. the seven core components are risk culture, enterprise strategy (including risk appetite, strategic planning, capital planning and stress testing), risk governance and oversight, risk identification, risk assessments, risk controls and monitoring, and risk aggregation and reporting (see the figure below). the overall risk management section of this item 7 also provides an analysis of the firm's capital management and our key areas of risk, which include, but are not limited to credit, market, liquidity and operational (including compliance and information security). our use of financial derivatives as part of our overall asset and liability risk management process is also addressed within this risk management section.
we operate within a rapidly evolving regulatory environment. accordingly, we are actively focused on the timely incorporation of applicable regulatory pronouncements into our erm framework.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k risk culture a strong risk culture helps us make well-informed decisions, helps ensure individuals conform to the established culture, reduces an individual's ability to do something for personal gain, and rewards employees for working toward a common goal rather than individual interests. our risk culture reinforces the appropriate protocols for responsible and ethical behavior. these protocols are especially critical in terms of our risk awareness, risk-taking behavior and risk management practices.
managing risk is every employee's responsibility. all of our employees individually and collectively are responsible for ensuring the organization is performing with the utmost integrity, is applying sound risk management practices and is striving to achieve our stated objectives rather than pursuing individual interests. all employees are also responsible for understanding our enterprise risk appetite statement, the erm framework and how risk management applies to their respective roles and responsibilities. employees are encouraged to collaborate across groups to identify and mitigate risks and elevate issues as required. we reinforce risk management responsibilities through a performance management system where employee performance goals include risk management objectives and incentives for employees to reinforce balanced measures of risk-adjusted performance.
proactive and open communication, between groups and up to the board of directors, facilitates timely identification and resolution of risk issues. our multi-level risk committee structure provides formal channels to identify and report risk.
enterprise strategy we seek to ensure that our overall enterprise strategy is within acceptable risk parameters through our risk appetite, strategic planning, capital planning and stress testing processes. these components are reviewed and approved at least annually by the board of directors.
risk appetite: our risk appetite represents the organization's desired enterprise risk position, set within our capital-based risk and liquidity capacity to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans. the enterprise risk appetite statement qualitatively describes the aggregate level of risk we are willing to accept in order to execute our business strategies. qualitative guiding principles further define each of the risks within our taxonomy to support the risk appetite statement. risk appetite metrics and limits, including forward-looking metrics, quantitatively measure whether we are operating within our stated risk appetite. our risk appetite metrics reflect material risks, align with our established risk appetite framework, balance risk and reward, leverage analytics, and are adjusted to changes in the external and internal risk environments.
strategic planning: our enterprise and line of business strategic plans outline major objectives, strategies and goals which are expected to be achieved over the next five years while seeking to ensure we remain compliant with all capital, risk appetite and liquidity targets and guidelines. our chief executive officer and chief financial officer lead the development of the corporate strategic plan, the strategic objectives and the comprehensive identification of material risks that could hinder successful implementation and execution of strategies. strategic planning is linked to our risk management and capital planning processes.
capital planning and stress testing: capital planning helps to ensure we are maintaining safe and sound operations and viability. the capital planning process and the resulting capital plan evolve as our overall risks, activities and risk management practices change. capital planning aligns with our strategic planning process. stress testing is an essential element of the capital planning process. effective stress testing enables us to consider the estimated effect on capital of various hypothetical scenarios.
risk governance and oversight we employ a comprehensive risk management governance framework to help ensure that risks are identified, balanced decisions are made that consider risk and return, and risks are adequately monitored and managed. risk committees established within this risk governance and oversight framework provide oversight for risk management activities at the board of directors, executive, corporate the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k and business levels. committee composition is designed to provide effective oversight balanced across the three lines of defense in accordance with the occ's heightened standards and the federal reserve board's enhanced prudential standards rules. see the supervision and regulation section in item 1 of this report for more information.
to ensure appropriate risks are being taken and effectively managed and controlled, risk is managed across three lines of defense. the board of directors' and each line of defense's responsibilities are detailed below:
board of directors - the board of directors oversees our risk-taking activities, holds management accountable for adhering to the erm framework and is responsible for exercising sound, independent judgment when assessing risk.
first line of defense - the front line units are accountable for identifying, owning and managing risks to within acceptable levels while adhering to the erm framework. our businesses strive to enhance risk management and internal control processes within their areas. integrated and comprehensive processes are designed to adequately manage the business' risk profile and risk appetite through identifying, assessing, monitoring and reporting risks that may significantly impact each business.
second line of defense - the second line of defense is independent from the first line of defense and is responsible for establishing the risk governance framework and the standards within each independent risk area for identifying, measuring, monitoring, controlling and reporting aggregate risks. as the second line of defense, the independent risk areas monitor the risks generated by the first line of defense, review and challenge the implementation of effective risk management practices, and report any issues or exceptions. the risk areas help to ensure processes and controls owned by the businesses are designed and operating as intended, and they may intervene directly to modify and develop first line of defense risk processes and controls.
third line of defense - as the third line of defense, internal audit is independent from the first and second lines of defense. internal audit provides the board of directors and executive management comprehensive assurance on the effectiveness of the erm framework and the risk management practices across the organization.
within the three lines of defense, the independent risk organization has sufficient authority to influence material decisions. our business oversight and decision-making is supported through a governance structure at the board of directors and management level. specific responsibilities include:
board of directors - our board of directors oversees our business and affairs as managed by our officers and employees. the board of directors may receive assistance in carrying out its duties and may delegate authority through the following standing committees:
•audit committee: monitors the integrity of our consolidated financial statements; monitors internal control over financial reporting; monitors compliance with our code of ethics; evaluates and monitors the qualifications and independence of our independent auditors; and evaluates and monitors the performance of our internal audit function and our independent auditors.
•nominating and governance committee: oversees the implementation of sound corporate governance principles and practices while promoting our best interests and those of our shareholders.
•human resources committee: oversees the compensation of our executive officers and other specified responsibilities related to talent and human capital matters affecting us. the committee is also responsible for evaluating the relationship between risk-taking activities and incentive compensation plans.
•risk committee: oversees our enterprise-wide risk structure and the processes established to identify, measure, monitor and manage the organization's risks and evaluates and approves our risk governance framework. the risk committee has formed a technology subcommittee and a compliance subcommittee to facilitate board-level oversight of risk management in these areas.
•special committee on equity & inclusion: oversees management's equity and inclusion efforts, internally and externally, focusing on our systemic processes (including for employees and suppliers); low and moderate income communities (including community development banking, and product offerings and financial support for such communities); and advocacy (including partnerships with leading organizations, and advocacy for necessary structural changes to help provide greater access to the banking system and end systemic racism).
management level executive committee - the management level executive committee is responsible for guiding the creation and execution of our business strategy across the company. with this responsibility, the management level executive committee executes various strategic approval and review activities, with a focus on capital deployment, business performance and risk management. this committee also helps ensure pnc is staffed with sufficient resources and talent to operate within its risk appetite.
corporate committees - the corporate committees generally operate based on the delegated approval authority from a board-level committee, the management level executive committee or other corporate committees. these committees operate at the the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k senior management level and are designed to facilitate the review, evaluation, oversight and approval of key business and risk activities.
working committees - the working committees generally operate on delegated approval authority from a corporate committee or other working committees. working committees are intended to provide oversight of regulatory/legal matters, assist in the implementation of key enterprise-level activities within a business or function and support the oversight of the businesses key risk activities.
transactional committees - transactional committees generally operate based on delegated approval authority from a corporate or working committee to approve individual transactions, transactional related activities or movements on the organization's balance sheet.
policies and procedures - we have established risk management policies and procedures to support our erm framework, articulate our risk culture, define the parameters and processes within which employees are to manage risk and conduct our business activities and to provide direction, guidance and clarity on roles and responsibilities to management and the board of directors. these policies and procedures are organized in a multi-tiered framework and require periodic review and approval by relevant committees, including where appropriate committees of the board of directors, or management.
risk identification risk identification takes place across a variety of risk types throughout the organization. these risk types include, but are not limited to, credit, liquidity and capital, market and operational (which includes, among other types of risk, compliance and information security). risks are identified based on a balanced use of analytical tools and management judgment for both on- and off-balance sheet exposures. our governance structure supports risk identification by facilitating assessment of key risk issues, emerging risks and idiosyncratic risks and implementation of mitigation strategies as appropriate. these risks are prioritized based on quantitative and qualitative analysis and assessed against our risk appetite. multiple tools and approaches are used to help identify and prioritize risks, including risk appetite metrics, key risk indicators, key performance indicators, risk and control self-assessments, scenario analysis, stress testing and special investigations.
risks are aggregated and assessed within and across risk functions and businesses. the aggregated risk information is reviewed and reported at an enterprise level to the board of directors or appropriate committees. this enterprise aggregation and reporting approach promotes the identification and appropriate escalation of material risks across the organization and supports an understanding of the cumulative impact of risk in relation to our risk appetite.
risk assessment once risks are identified, they are evaluated based on quantitative and qualitative analysis to determine whether they are material. risk assessments support the overall management of an effective erm framework and allow us to control and monitor our actual risk level and risk management effectiveness through the use of risk measures. comprehensive, accurate and timely assessments of risk are essential to an effective erm framework. effective risk measurement practices are designed to uncover recurring risks that have been experienced in the past; facilitate the monitoring, understanding, analysis and reporting of known risks; and reveal unanticipated risks that may not be easy to understand or predict.
risk controls and monitoring our erm framework consists of policies, processes, personnel and control systems. risk controls and limits provide the linkage from our risk appetite statement and associated guiding principles to the risk-taking activities of our businesses. in addition to risk appetite limits, a system of more detailed internal controls exists which oversees and monitors our various processes and functions. these control systems measure performance, help employees make correct decisions, help ensure information is accurate and reliable and facilitate compliance with laws and regulations.
we design our monitoring and evaluation of risks and controls to provide assurance that policies, procedures and controls are effective and also to result in the identification of control improvement recommendations. risk monitoring is a daily, ongoing process used by both the first and second line of defense to help ensure compliance with our erm framework. risk monitoring is accomplished in many ways, including performing risk assessments at the prime process and risk assessment unit level, monitoring an area's key controls, the timely reporting of issues, and establishing a quality control and/or quality assurance function, as applicable.
risk aggregation and reporting risk reporting is a comprehensive way to: (i) aggregate risks; (ii) identify concentrations; (iii) help ensure we remain within our established risk appetite; (iv) monitor our risk profile in relation to our risk appetite and (v) communicate risks and views on the effectiveness of our risk management activities to the board of directors and executive management.
risk reports are produced at the line of business, functional risk and enterprise levels. the enterprise level risk report aggregates material risks identified in the risk area reports and in the business reports to define the enterprise risk profile. the enterprise risk profile is a point-in-time assessment of enterprise risk and represents our overall risk position in relation to the desired enterprise risk the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k appetite. the determination of the enterprise risk profile is based on analysis of quantitative reporting of risk limits and other measures along with qualitative assessments. quarterly aggregation of risk reports from the risk areas and lines of business to inform our risk profile is designed to provide a clear view of our risk level relative to our quantitative risk appetite. the enterprise level report is provided through the governance structure to the risk committee of the board of directors.
each individual risk report includes an assessment of inherent risk, quality of risk management, residual risk, risk appetite and risk outlook. the enterprise level risk report includes an aggregate view of material risks identified in the individual reports and provides a summary of our overall risk profile compared to our risk appetite.
credit risk management credit risk represents the possibility that a customer, counterparty or issuer may not perform in accordance with the contractual terms of their loan, extension of credit or other financial obligation with pnc. credit risk is inherent in the financial services business and results from extending credit to customers, purchasing securities, and entering into financial derivative transactions and certain guarantee contracts. credit risk is one of our most significant risks. our processes for managing credit risk are designed to be embedded in our risk culture and in our decision-making processes using a systematic approach whereby credit risks and related exposures are identified and assessed, managed through specific policies and processes, measured and evaluated against our risk appetite and credit concentration limits, and reported, along with specific mitigation activities, to management and the board of directors through our governance structure. our most significant concentration of credit risk is in our loan portfolio.
credit risk management employs a governance, policy and monitoring framework for environmental and social risk topics that includes periodic updates to pnc's credit portfolio strategy committee. outcomes from those updates may be incorporated into credit policies and risk procedures that govern our risk appetite, credit decisioning, portfolio management and reserve processes.
credit risk management is currently evaluating how it may best understand the impacts to credit risk that may accelerate or be introduced as a result of climate change, including impacts from physical risk events and risks associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy. these risk events may impact a borrower's income, cash flow or collateral due to frequency or severity of weather events, changing market conditions, consumer preferences and demand for products, or changes to the legislative and regulatory landscape. as disruptive events occur, pnc follows a process to determine if enhanced portfolio monitoring, reporting and executive communication is warranted to ensure appropriate oversight and action.
in commercial lending, pnc limits new originations in sectors that are no longer consistent with our strategic direction, such as mountain-top removal coal mining, arctic oil and gas and private prisons. corporate & institutional banking transactions are subject to an environmental and social risk management assessment designed to help us better identify and mitigate environmental, human rights and other social risks early in the credit application process. transactions identified as having a potential environmental, human rights or other social risk are evaluated to determine whether enhanced due diligence is warranted. in consumer lending, pnc strives to ensure adequate insurance is present for properties exposed to flooding while also monitoring other water-related risks such as the increased shoreline (and coastal) erosion and weather related events such as hurricanes and wildfires.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k loan portfolio characteristics and analysis table 13: details of loans in billions we use several credit quality indicators, as further detailed in note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report, to monitor and measure our exposure to credit risk within our loan portfolio. the following provides additional information about the significant loan classes that comprise our commercial and consumer portfolio segments.
commercial commercial and industrial commercial and industrial loans comprised 53% and 55% of our total loan portfolio at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the majority of our commercial and industrial loans are secured by collateral that provides a secondary source of repayment for the loan should the borrower experience cash generation difficulties. examples of this collateral include short-term assets, such as accounts receivable, inventory and securities, and long-lived assets, such as equipment, owner-occupied real estate and other business assets.
we actively manage our commercial and industrial loans to assess any changes (both positive and negative) in the level of credit risk at both the borrower and portfolio level. to evaluate the level of credit risk, we assign internal risk ratings reflecting our estimates of the borrower's pd and lgd for each related credit facility. this two-dimensional credit risk rating methodology provides granularity in the risk monitoring process and is updated on an ongoing basis through our credit risk management processes. in addition to monitoring the level of credit risk, we also monitor concentrations of credit risk pertaining to both specific industries and geography that may exist in our portfolio. our commercial and industrial portfolio is well-diversified as shown in the following table which provides a breakout by industry classification (classified based on the north american industry classification system).
table 14: commercial and industrial loans by industry december 31, 2021                                december 31, 2020
dollars in millions                                          amount                    % of total             amount                    % of total commercial and industrial retail/wholesale trade                                 $22,803                           15     %       $20,218                           15     %
manufacturing                                           22,597                           15              20,712                           16
service providers                                       20,750                           14              19,419                           15
financial services                                      17,950                           12              14,909                           11
real estate related (a)                                 15,123                           10              13,369                           10
technology, media &amp; telecommunications              10,070                            7               7,242                            5
health care                                              9,944                            7               8,987                            7
transportation and warehousing                           7,136                            5               7,095                            5
other industries                                        26,560                           15              20,122                           16
total commercial and industrial loans                 $152,933                          100     %      $132,073                          100     %
(a)represents loans to customers in the real estate and construction industries.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k the increase in commercial and industrial loans compared to december 31, 2020, primarily reflects the acquisition of bbva along with organic loan growth in the pnc legacy portfolio, partially offset by ppp loan forgiveness. amounts include $3.4 billion and $12.0 billion of ppp loans outstanding at december 31, 2021 and 2020.
see the commercial high impact industries discussion within this credit risk management section for additional discussion of the impact of covid-19 on our commercial portfolio and how we are evaluating and monitoring the portfolio for elevated levels of credit risk.
commercial real estate commercial real estate loans comprised $18.6 billion related to commercial mortgages on income-producing properties, $7.3 billion of real estate construction project loans and $8.1 billion of intermediate term financing loans as of december 31, 2021. comparable amounts as of december 31, 2020 were $17.3 billion, $6.3 billion and $5.1 billion, respectively.
we monitor credit risk associated with our commercial real estate loans similar to commercial and industrial loans by analyzing pd and lgd. additionally, risks associated with these types of credit activities tend to be correlated to the loan structure, collateral location and quality, project progress and business environment. these attributes are also monitored and utilized in assessing credit risk. the portfolio is geographically diverse due to the nature of our business involving clients throughout the u.s.
the following table presents our commercial real estate loans by geography and property type:
table 15: commercial real estate loans by geography and property type december 31, 2021                                       december 31, 2020
dollars in millions                               amount                    % of total                    amount                    % of total geography (a)
california                                   $5,561                           16     %               $4,458                           16     %
texas                                         3,458                           10                      2,031                            7
florida                                       2,987                            9                      2,991                           10
virginia                                      1,720                            5                      1,586                            6
maryland                                      1,557                            5                      1,770                            6
pennsylvania                                  1,482                            4                      1,425                            5
ohio                                          1,219                            4                      1,247                            4
colorado                                      1,126                            3                        584                            2
georgia                                       1,015                            3                        859                            3
new york                                        985                            3                        725                            3
other                                        12,905                           38                     11,040                           38
total commercial real estate loans          $34,015                          100     %              $28,716                          100     %
property type (a)
multifamily                                 $10,581                           31     %               $9,617                           33     %
office                                        9,547                           28                      7,691                           27
retail                                        3,570                           10                      3,490                           12
seniors housing                               2,602                            8                      1,417                            5
industrial/warehouse                          2,413                            7                      1,999                            7
hotel/motel                                   2,008                            6                      1,954                            7
mixed use                                       724                            2                        835                            3
other                                         2,570                            8                      1,713                            6
total commercial real estate loans          $34,015                          100     %              $28,716                          100     %
(a)presented in descending order based on loan balances at december 31, 2021.
commercial high impact industries in light of the economic circumstances related to covid-19, we are continuing to evaluate and monitor our entire commercial portfolio for elevated levels of credit risk; however, the industry sectors that have been most impacted by the effects of the pandemic are:
•non-real estate related
•leisure recreation: restaurants, casinos, hotels, convention centers
•non-essential retail: retail excluding auto, gas, staples
•healthcare facilities: elective, private practices
•consumer services: religious organizations, childcare
•leisure travel: cruise, airlines, other travel/transportation

•real estate related
•non-essential retail and restaurants: malls, lifestyle centers, outlets, restaurants
•hotel: full service, limited service, extended stay
•seniors housing: assisted living, independent living as of december 31, 2021, our outstanding loan balances in these industries totaled $19.3 billion, or approximately 7% of our total loan portfolio, while additional unfunded loan commitments totaled $12.9 billion. included in our outstanding loan balances are $0.9 billion of loans that are funded through the ppp and guaranteed by the small business administration. we continue to carefully monitor and manage the loans in these industries, and we believe uncertainty relative to the timing and level of long-term recovery for leisure recreation and leisure travel remains high.
as the impact from covid-19 persists, real estate related to the office sector is an area of growing uncertainty. notable portions of leased office space remain vacant and the mass work-from-home experience continues to be a feasible alternative, suggesting a structural change for office demand moving forward. however, the change is anticipated to be slow moving and could evolve over a number of years. pnc continues to closely monitor our exposure in the office sector as these concerns develop, and while internal risk assessments have moved moderately higher, we have not seen a notable change in performance.
consumer residential real estate residential real estate loans primarily consisted of residential mortgage loans at both december 31, 2021 and 2020.
we obtain loan attributes at origination, including fico scores and ltvs, and we update these and other credit metrics at least quarterly. we track borrower performance monthly. we also segment the mortgage portfolio into pools based on product type (e.g., nonconforming, conforming). this information is used for internal reporting and risk management. as part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we also segment the portfolio based upon loan delinquency, nonperforming status, modification and bankruptcy status, fico scores, ltv and geographic concentrations. loan performance is evaluated by source originators and loan servicers.
the following table presents certain key statistics related to our residential real estate portfolio:
table 16: residential real estate statistics december 31, 2021                                       december 31, 2020
dollars in millions                                              amount                    % of total                    amount                    % of total geography (a)
california                                                 $15,041                           38     %               $7,828                           35     %
texas                                                        4,397                           11                        409                            2
florida                                                      3,124                            8                      1,620                            7
washington                                                   1,909                            5                      1,104                            5
new jersey                                                   1,660                            4                      1,635                            7
arizona                                                      1,435                            4                        163                            1
new york                                                     1,279                            3                      1,020                            5
colorado                                                     1,145                            3                        262                            1
pennsylvania                                                 1,069                            3                      1,036                            5
illinois                                                       957                            2                      1,039                            5
other                                                        7,696                           19                      6,444                           27
total residential real estate loans                        $39,712                          100     %              $22,560                          100     %
december 31, 2021                                       december 31, 2020
weighted-average loan origination statistics (b)
loan origination fico score                                                                       775                                                     775
ltv of loan originations                                                                     67     %                                                67     %
(a)presented in descending order based on loan balances at december 31, 2021.
(b)weighted-averages calculated for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
we originate residential mortgage loans nationwide through our national mortgage business as well as within our branch network. residential mortgage loans underwritten to agency standards, including conforming loan amount limits, are typically sold with servicing retained by us. we also originate nonconforming residential mortgage loans that do not meet agency standards, which we retain on our balance sheet. our portfolio of originated nonconforming residential mortgage loans totaled $34.9 billion at december 31, 2021 with 42% located in california. comparable amounts at december 31, 2020 were $17.9 billion and 41%, respectively.
64    the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k home equity home equity loans comprised $15.8 billion of primarily variable-rate home equity lines of credit and $8.3 billion of closed-end home equity installment loans at december 31, 2021. comparable amounts were $12.6 billion and $11.5 billion, as of december 31, 2020, respectively.
we track borrower performance of this portfolio monthly similarly to residential real estate loans. we also segment the population into pools based on product type (e.g., home equity loans, brokered home equity loans, home equity lines of credit, brokered home equity lines of credit) and track the historical performance of any related mortgage loans regardless of whether we hold the lien. this information is used for internal reporting and risk management. as part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we also segment the portfolio based upon loan delinquency, nonperforming status, modification and bankruptcy status, fico scores, ltv, lien position and geographic concentration.
the credit performance of the majority of the home equity portfolio where we hold the first lien position is superior to the portion of the portfolio where we hold the second lien position, but do not hold the first lien. lien position information is generally determined at the time of origination and monitored on an ongoing basis for risk management purposes. we use a third-party service provider to obtain updated loan information, including lien and collateral data that is aggregated from public and private sources.
the following table presents certain key statistics related to our home equity portfolio:
table 17: home equity loan statistics december 31, 2021                                       december 31, 2020
dollars in millions                                              amount                    % of total                    amount                    % of total geography (a)
pennsylvania                                                $5,108                           21     %               $5,602                           23     %
new jersey                                                   3,117                           13                      3,462                           14
ohio                                                         2,398                           10                      2,753                           11
florida                                                      1,701                            7                      1,536                            6
michigan                                                     1,246                            5                      1,398                            6
maryland                                                     1,206                            5                      1,332                            6
illinois                                                     1,154                            5                      1,411                            6
texas                                                          978                            4                          7
north carolina                                                 918                            4                      1,043                            4
kentucky                                                       777                            3                        922                            4
other                                                        5,458                           23                      4,622                           20
total home equity loans                                    $24,061                          100     %              $24,088                          100     %
lien type
1st lien                                                                                     62     %                                                63     %
2nd lien                                                                                     38                                                      37
total                                                                                       100     %                                               100     %
december 31, 2021                                       december 31, 2020
weighted-average loan origination statistics (b)
loan origination fico score                                                                       782                                                     776
ltv of loan originations                                                                     66     %                                                67     %
(a)presented in descending order based on loan balances at december 31, 2021.
(b)weighted-averages calculated for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
automobile auto loans comprised $15.4 billion in the indirect auto portfolio and $1.2 billion in the direct auto portfolio as of december 31, 2021. comparable amounts as of december 31, 2020 were $12.7 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively. the indirect auto portfolio consists of loans originated through franchised dealers, including from expansion into new markets. this business is strategically aligned with our core retail banking business.

the following table presents certain key statistics related to our indirect and direct auto portfolios:
table 18: auto loan statistics december 31, 2021       december 31, 2020
weighted-average loan origination fico score (a) (b)
indirect auto                                                                       791                     784
direct auto                                                                         775                     768
weighted-average term of loan originations - in months (a)
indirect auto                                                                        72                      72
direct auto                                                                          62                      62
(a)weighted-averages calculated for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(b)calculated using the auto enhanced fico scale.
we continue to focus on borrowers with strong credit profiles as evidenced by the weighted-average loan origination fico scores noted in table 18. we offer both new and used auto financing to customers through our various channels. at december 31, 2021, the portfolio balance was composed of 53% new vehicle loans and 47% used vehicle loans. comparable amounts at december 31, 2020 were 56% and 44%, respectively.
the auto loan portfolio's performance is measured monthly, including updated collateral values that are obtained monthly and updated fico scores that are obtained at least quarterly. for internal reporting and risk management, we analyze the portfolio by product channel and product type and regularly evaluate default and delinquency experience. as part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we segment the portfolio by geography, channel, collateral attributes and credit metrics which include fico score, ltv and term.
nonperforming assets and loan delinquencies nonperforming assets nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans and leases for which ultimate collectability of the full amount of contractual principal and interest is not probable and include nonperforming tdrs and pcd loans, oreo and foreclosed assets. loans held for sale, certain government insured or guaranteed loans and loans accounted for under the fair value option are excluded from nonperforming loans. see note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for details on our nonaccrual policies.
the following table presents a summary of nonperforming assets by major category:
table 19: nonperforming assets by type december 31 2021                 december 31 2020                                     change dollars in millions                                                                                           $                       %
nonperforming loans commercial                                                                              $1,168                             $923                       $245                     27%
consumer (a)                                                                             1,312                            1,363                       (51)                    (4)%
total nonperforming loans                                                                2,480                            2,286                        194                      8%
oreo and foreclosed assets                                                                  26                               51                       (25)                   (49)%
total nonperforming assets                                                              $2,506                           $2,337                       $169                      7%
tdrs included in nonperforming loans                                                      $988                             $902                        $86                     10%
percentage of total nonperforming loans                                                     40       %                       39       %
nonperforming loans to total loans                                                        0.86       %                     0.94       %
nonperforming assets to total loans, oreo and foreclosed assets                           0.87       %                     0.97       %
nonperforming assets to total assets                                                      0.45       %                     0.50       %
allowance for loan and lease losses to nonperforming loans                                 196       %                      235       %
allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans (b)                                     223       %                      260       %
(a)excludes most unsecured consumer loans and lines of credit, which are charged off after 120 to 180 days past due and are not placed on nonperforming status.
(b)calculated excluding allowances for investment securities and other financial assets.
the increase in nonperforming assets from december 31, 2020 primarily reflects the impact of bbva, partially offset by improved credit performance throughout 2021.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k the following table provides details on the change in nonperforming assets for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020:
table 20: change in nonperforming assets in millions                                                               2021   2020
january 1                                                            $2,337                  $1,752
acquired nonperforming assets (a)                                       880
new nonperforming assets                                              1,216                   1,947
charge-offs and valuation adjustments                                 (255)                   (421)
principal activity, including paydowns and payoffs                  (1,023)                   (603)
asset sales and transfers to loans held for sale                      (134)                    (82)
returned to performing status                                         (515)                   (256)
december 31                                                          $2,506                  $2,337
(a)represents the june 30, 2021 balance of nonperforming assets attributable to bbva. changes in this acquired portfolio for the six months ended december 31, 2021 are reflected in the appropriate category based on activity.
as of december 31, 2021, approximately 98% of total nonperforming loans were secured by collateral which lessened reserve requirements and is expected to reduce credit losses.
within consumer nonperforming loans, residential real estate tdrs comprised 42% of total residential real estate nonperforming loans, while home equity tdrs comprised 36% of home equity nonperforming loans at december 31, 2021. comparable amounts at december 31, 2020 were 47% and 41%, respectively. tdrs generally remain in nonperforming status until a borrower has made at least six consecutive months of both principal and interest payments under the modified terms or ultimate resolution occurs. loans where borrowers have been discharged from personal liability through chapter 7 bankruptcy and have not formally reaffirmed their loan obligations to us and loans to borrowers not currently obligated to make both principal and interest payments under the restructured terms are not returned to accrual status. loans that have been restructured for covid-19 related hardships and meet certain criteria under the cares act are not identified as tdrs. refer to the troubled debt restructurings and loan modifications discussion in this credit risk management section for more information on the treatment of loan modifications under the cares act.
loan delinquencies we regularly monitor the level of loan delinquencies and believe these levels may be a key indicator of credit quality in our loan portfolio. measurement of delinquency status is based on the contractual terms of each loan. loans that are 30 days or more past due in terms of payment are considered delinquent. loan delinquencies include government insured or guaranteed loans, loans accounted for under the fair value option and pcd loans. amounts exclude loans held for sale.
we manage credit risk based on the risk profile of the borrower, repayment sources, underlying collateral, and other support given current events, economic conditions and expectations. we refine our practices to meet the changing environment and the continuing effects of the covid-19 pandemic. to mitigate losses and enhance customer support, we have customer assistance, loan modification and collection programs that align with the cares act and subsequent interagency guidance.
as a result, under the cares act credit reporting rules, certain loans modified due to covid-19 related hardships are not being reported as past due as of december 31, 2021 and 2020 based on the contractual terms of the loan, even where borrowers may not be making payments on their loans during the modification period. loan modifications due to covid-19 related hardships that permanently reduce either the contractual interest rate or the principal balance of a loan do not qualify for tdr relief under the cares act or the interagency guidance.
table 21: accruing loans past due (a)
amount                                                                            % of total loans outstanding december 31                december 31                                   change                december 31                         december 31
2021                       2020                                                                2021                                2020
dollars in millions                                                                                        $            %
early stage loan delinquencies accruing loans past due 30 to 59 days                       $1,011                       $620                     $391                63   %                 0.35     %                          0.26     %
accruing loans past due 60 to 89 days                          355                        234                      121                52   %                 0.12     %                          0.10     %
total early stage loan delinquencies                         1,366                        854                      512                60   %                 0.47     %                          0.35     %
late stage loan delinquencies accruing loans past due 90 days or more                        619                        509                      110                22   %                 0.21     %                          0.21     %
total accruing loans past due                               $1,985                     $1,363                     $622                46   %                 0.69     %                          0.56     %
(a)past due loan amounts include government insured or guaranteed loans of $0.5 billion and $0.6 billion at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the increase in accruing loans past due from december 31, 2020 was the result of lower delinquencies in the pnc legacy portfolio being more than offset by delinquencies attributable to bbva, including increases from bbva conversion-related administrative and operational delays.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k accruing loans past due 90 days or more continue to accrue interest because they are (i) well secured by collateral and are in the process of collection, (ii) managed in homogeneous portfolios with specified charge-off timeframes adhering to regulatory guidelines, or (iii) certain government insured or guaranteed loans. as such, they are excluded from nonperforming loans.
troubled debt restructurings and loan modifications troubled debt restructurings a tdr is a loan whose terms have been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. tdrs result from our loss mitigation activities and include rate reductions, principal forgiveness, postponement/reduction of scheduled amortization and extensions, which are intended to minimize economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of collateral. additionally, tdrs also result from court-imposed concessions (e.g., a chapter 7 bankruptcy where the debtor is discharged from personal liability to us and a court approved chapter 13 bankruptcy repayment plan). loans to borrowers experiencing covid-19 related hardships that have been restructured but that meet certain criteria under the cares act are not categorized as tdrs at december 31, 2021 and 2020.
the following table provides a summary of troubled debt restructurings at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively:
table 22: summary of troubled debt restructurings (a)
december 31 2021                december 31                            change
2020
dollars in millions                                              $                 %
commercial                                   $672                         $528            $144                     27%
consumer                                      919                        1,116           (197)                   (18)%
total tdrs                                 $1,591                       $1,644           $(53)                    (3)%
nonperforming                                $988                         $902             $86                     10%
accruing (b)                                  603           742                          (139)                   (19)%
total tdrs                                 $1,591                       $1,644           $(53)                    (3)%
(a)amounts in table do not include associated valuation allowances.
(b)accruing loans include consumer credit card loans and certain loans that have demonstrated a period of at least six months of performance under the restructured terms and are excluded from nonperforming loans.
nonperforming tdrs represented approximately 40% of total nonperforming loans and 62% of total tdrs at december 31, 2021. comparable amounts at december 31, 2020 were 39% and 55%, respectively. the remaining portion of tdrs represents tdrs that have been returned to accrual status after performing under the restructured terms for at least six consecutive months.
see note 1 accounting policies and note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for additional information on tdrs.
loan modifications since the onset of the pandemic in 2020, pnc has provided relief to our consumer customers from the economic impacts of covid-19 through a variety of solutions under our hardship relief programs. throughout 2021, consumer loan modifications were being granted in response to customer hardships that extended beyond the initial relief programs and included all hardship related modifications. at december 31, 2021, consumer loans in active assistance under hardship relief programs on our balance sheet had an unpaid principal balance of $494 million and primarily related to residential real estate. excluded from this amount are government insured or guaranteed loans of $205 million and $278 million in the residential real estate and education loan classes, respectively, as these loans present minimal credit risk to pnc. the comparable unpaid principal balance on our balance sheet at december 31, 2020 was $1.0 billion.
under the cares act, loan modifications meeting certain criteria qualify the loan for relief from tdr treatment. loans that do not meet this criteria may also be evaluated under interagency guidance. loan modifications that permanently reduce either the contractual interest rate and/or principal balance of the loan would not meet the qualifications for relief from tdr treatment under the cares act. consumer loan modifications that qualified for tdr accounting amounted to $93 million and $149 million at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the impact of these modifications was considered within the quarterly reserve determination. see the allowance for credit losses discussion within the critical accounting estimates and judgments section of this report for additional information. refer to the loan delinquencies discussion in this credit risk management section for information on how these hardship related loan modifications are reported from a delinquency perspective.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k allowance for credit losses our acl is based on historical loss and performance experience, which is captured through current pd, as well as current borrower risk characteristics, including borrower repayment status, consumer credit scores, collateral type and quality, current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions and other relevant factors. we maintain the acl at an appropriate level for expected losses on our existing investment securities, loans, equipment finance leases, trade receivables and other financial assets and off-balance sheet credit exposures and determine this allowance based on quarterly assessments of the remaining estimated contractual term of the assets or exposures as of the balance sheet date.
expected losses are estimated primarily using a combination of (i) the expected losses over a reasonable and supportable forecast period, (ii) a period of reversion to long run average expected losses where applicable and (iii) long run average expected losses for the remaining estimated contractual term.
we use forward-looking information in estimating expected credit losses for our reasonable and supportable forecast period. for this purpose, we have established a framework which includes a three year forecast period and the use of four economic scenarios and associated probability weights, which in combination create a forecast of expected economic outcomes over the forecasted period. forward looking information, such as forecasted relevant macroeconomic variables, is incorporated into the expected credit loss estimates using quantitative macroeconomic models, as well as through analysis from pnc's economists and management's judgment in qualitatively assessing the acl.
the reversion period is used to bridge our three year reasonable and supportable forecast period and the long run average expected credit losses. we may consider a number of factors in determining the duration of the reversion period, such as contractual maturity of the asset, observed historical patterns and the estimated credit loss rates at the end of the forecast period relative to the beginning of the long run average period. the reversion period is typically 1-3 years, if not immediate.
the long run average expected credit losses are derived from our available historical credit information. we use long run average expected loss for the portfolio over the estimated remaining contractual term beyond our forecast period and the reversion period.
the following discussion provides additional information related to our reserves under cecl for loans and leases as well as unfunded lending related commitments. see note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for further discussion on our acl, including details of our methodologies and discussion of the allowances for investment securities and other financial assets. see also the critical accounting estimates and judgments section for further discussion of the assumptions used in the determination of the acl.
allowance for loan and lease losses our pooled expected credit loss methodology is based upon the quantification of pd, lgd, ead and the remaining estimated contractual term for a loan or loan segment. we also consider the impact of prepayments and amortization on contractual maturity in our expected loss estimates. we use historical data, current borrower characteristics and forecasted economic variables in quantitative methods to estimate these risk parameters by loan or loan segments. pds represent a quantification of risk that a borrower may not be able to pay their contractual obligation over a defined period of time. lgd describes the estimate of potential loss if a borrower were to default, and ead (or utilization rates for revolving loans) is the estimated balance outstanding at the time of default. these parameters are calculated for each forecasted scenario, and are combined to generate expected loss estimates by scenario in proportion to the scenario weights.
we use a discounted cash flow methodology for our consumer real estate related loan classes and for certain commercial and consumer tdr loans. for non-tdr residential real estate loans and lines, we determine effective interest rates considering contractual cash flows adjusted for prepayments and market interest rates. we then determine the net present value of expected cash flows and alll by discounting contractual cash flows adjusted for both prepayments and expected credit losses using the effective interest rates.
for loans and leases that do not share similar risk characteristics with a pool of loans, we establish individually assessed reserves using methods prescribed by gaap. reserves for individual commercial nonperforming loans and commercial tdrs exceeding a defined dollar threshold are based on an analysis of the present value of the loan's expected future cash flows or the fair value of the collateral, if appropriate under our policy for collateral dependent loans. commercial loans that are below the defined threshold and accruing tdrs are collectively reserved for, as we believe these loans continue to share similar risk characteristics. for consumer nonperforming loans classified as collateral dependent, charge-off and alll related to recovery of amounts previously charged-off are evaluated through an analysis of the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell.
while our reserve methodologies strive to reflect all relevant credit risk factors, there continues to be uncertainty associated with, but the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k not limited to, potential imprecision in the estimation process due to the inherent time lag of obtaining information and normal variations between expected and actual outcomes. we may hold additional reserves that are designed to provide coverage for losses attributable to such risks. a portion of the allowance is related to qualitative measurement factors. these factors may include, but are not limited to, the following:
•industry concentrations and conditions, including the impacts of covid-19 on highly impacted segments,
•changes in market conditions, including regulatory and legal requirements,
•changes in the nature and volume of our portfolio,
•recent credit quality trends, including the impact of covid-19 hardship related loan modifications,
•recent loss experience in particular portfolios, including specific and unique events,
•recent macroeconomic factors that may not be reflected in the forecast information,
•limitations of available input data, including historical loss information and recent data such as collateral values,
•model imprecision and limitations,
•changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in loss recognition and mitigation policies and procedures, and
•timing of available information, including the performance of first lien positions.
allowance for unfunded lending related commitments we maintain the allowance for unfunded lending related commitments on off-balance sheet credit exposures that are not unconditionally cancelable, (e.g., unfunded loan commitments, letters of credit and certain financial guarantees) at a level we believe is appropriate as of the balance sheet date to absorb expected credit losses on these exposures. other than the estimation of the probability of funding, this reserve is estimated in a manner similar to the methodology used for determining reserves for loans and leases. the allowance for unfunded lending related commitments is recorded as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet. net adjustments to this reserve are included in the provision for credit losses.
the following table summarizes our acl related to loans:
table 23: allowance for credit losses by loan class (a)
december 31, 2021                                                                        december 31, 2020
dollars in millions                                                    allowance amount                     total loans        % of total loans                 allowance amount                     total loans        % of total loans allowance for loans and lease losses commercial commercial and industrial                                                $1,879                          $152,933                  1.23       %                   $2,300                          $132,073                  1.74       %
commercial real estate                                                    1,216                            34,015                  3.57       %                      880                            28,716                  3.06       %
equipment lease financing                                                    90                             6,130                  1.47       %                      157                             6,414                  2.45       %
total commercial                                                          3,185                           193,078                  1.65       %                    3,337                           167,203                  2.00       %
consumer residential real estate                                                      21                            39,712                  0.05       %                       28                            22,560                  0.12       %
home equity                                                                 149                            24,061                  0.62       %                      313                            24,088                  1.30       %
automobile                                                                  372                            16,635                  2.24       %                      379                            14,218                  2.67       %
credit card                                                                 712                             6,626                 10.75       %                      816                             6,215                 13.13       %
education                                                                    71                             2,533                  2.80       %                      129                             2,946                  4.38       %
other consumer                                                              358                             5,727                  6.25       %                      359                             4,698                  7.64       %
total consumer                                                            1,683                            95,294                  1.77       %                    2,024                            74,725                  2.71       %
total                                                                    $4,868                          $288,372                  1.69       %                   $5,361                          $241,928                  2.22       %
allowance for unfunded lending related commitments                          662                                                                                      584
allowance for credit losses                                              $5,530                                                                                   $5,945
allowance for credit losses to total loans                                                                                         1.92       %                                                                             2.46       %
commercial                                                                                                                         1.94       %                                                                             2.29       %
consumer                                                                                                                           1.87       %                                                                             2.84       %
(a)        excludes allowances for investment securities and other financial assets, which together totaled $171 million and $109 million at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k the following table summarizes our loan charge-offs and recoveries:
table 24: loan charge-offs and recoveries year ended december 31                              gross                 recoveries                  net charge-offs / (recoveries)                  % of average loans dollars in millions                           charge-offs
2021
commercial commercial and industrial                      $385                        $88                                     $297                                    0.21        %
commercial real estate                           36                          7                                       29                                    0.09        %
equipment lease financing                        13                         11                                        2                                    0.03        %
total commercial                                434                        106                                      328                                    0.18        %
consumer residential real estate                          15                         28                                     (13)                                  (0.04)        %
home equity                                      20                         86                                     (66)                                  (0.27)        %
automobile                                      169                        143                                       26                                    0.16        %
credit card                                     256                         46                                      210                                    3.39        %
education                                        15                          8                                        7                                    0.25        %
other consumer                                  192                         27                                      165                                    3.05        %
total consumer                                 $667                       $338                                     $329                                    0.38        %
total                                        $1,101                       $444                                     $657                                    0.24        %
2020
commercial commercial and industrial                      $382                        $75                                     $307                                    0.22        %
commercial real estate                            2                          9                                      (7)                                  (0.02)        %
equipment lease financing                        23                         10                                       13                                    0.19        %
total commercial                                407                         94                                      313                                    0.18        %
consumer residential real estate                          10                         16                                      (6)                                  (0.03)        %
home equity                                      42                         61                                     (19)                                  (0.08)        %
automobile                                      265                        128                                      137                                    0.86        %
credit card                                     300                         35                                      265                                    3.99        %
education                                        16                          8                                        8                                    0.25        %
other consumer                                  152                         18                                      134                                    2.75        %
total consumer                                 $785                       $266                                     $519                                    0.67        %
total                                        $1,192                       $360                                     $832                                    0.33        %
total net charge-offs decreased $175 million, or 21%, in 2021 compared to 2020. the decline in the comparison was attributable to the continued favorable impact of government stimulus programs benefiting consumers, as well as the increases in automobile collateral values and home prices which has limited our losses in those respective consumer portfolios.
see note 1 accounting policies and note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional information.
liquidity and capital management liquidity risk has two fundamental components. the first is potential loss assuming we were unable to meet our funding requirements at a reasonable cost. the second is the potential inability to operate our businesses because adequate contingent liquidity is not available. we manage liquidity risk at the consolidated company level (bank, parent company and all subsidiaries combined) to help ensure that we can obtain cost-effective funding to meet current and future obligations under both normal "business as usual" and stressful circumstances, and to help ensure that we maintain an appropriate level of contingent liquidity.
management monitors liquidity through a series of early warning indicators that may indicate a potential market, or pnc-specific, liquidity stress event. in addition, management performs a set of liquidity stress tests over multiple time horizons with varying levels of severity and maintains a contingency funding plan to address a potential liquidity stress event. in the most severe liquidity stress simulation, we assume that our liquidity position is under pressure, while the market in general is under systemic pressure. the simulation considers, among other things, the impact of restricted access to both secured and unsecured external sources of funding, accelerated runoff of customer deposits, valuation pressure on assets and heavy demand to fund committed obligations. parent company liquidity guidelines are designed to help ensure that sufficient liquidity is available to meet our parent company obligations over the succeeding 24-month period. liquidity-related risk limits are established within our enterprise liquidity management policy the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k and supporting policies. management committees, including the asset and liability committee, and the board of directors and its risk committee regularly review compliance with key established limits.
in addition to these liquidity monitoring measures and tools described above, we also monitor our liquidity by reference to the lcr, which is calculated on a daily basis, and the nsfr which are further described in the supervision and regulation section in item 1 of this report. as of december 31, 2021, the lcr and nsfr for pnc and pnc bank exceeded the requirement of 100%.
we provide additional information regarding regulatory liquidity requirements and their potential impact on us in the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business and item 1a risk factors of this report.
sources of liquidity our largest source of liquidity on a consolidated basis is the customer deposit base generated by our banking businesses. these deposits provide relatively stable and low-cost funding. total deposits increased to $457.3 billion at december 31, 2021 from $365.3 billion at december 31, 2020, driven by growth in interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing deposits, primarily as a result of the bbva acquisition. see the funding sources section of the consolidated balance sheet review in this item 7 for additional information related to our deposits. additionally, certain assets determined by us to be liquid as well as unused borrowing capacity from a number of sources are also available to manage our liquidity position.
at december 31, 2021, our liquid assets consisted of cash and due from banks and short-term investments (federal funds sold, resale agreements, trading securities and interest-earning deposits with banks) totaling $84.8 billion and securities available for sale totaling $131.5 billion. the level of liquid assets fluctuates over time based on many factors, including market conditions, loan and deposit growth and balance sheet management activities. our liquid assets included $27.3 billion of securities available for sale and trading securities pledged as collateral to secure public and trust deposits, repurchase agreements and for other purposes. in addition, $0.1 billion of securities held to maturity were also pledged as collateral for these purposes.
we also obtain liquidity through various forms of funding, including long-term debt (senior notes, subordinated debt and fhlb borrowings) and short-term borrowings (securities sold under repurchase agreements, commercial paper and other short-term borrowings). see note 10 borrowed funds in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 and the funding sources section of the consolidated balance sheet review in this item 7 for additional information related to our borrowings.
total senior and subordinated debt, on a consolidated basis, decreased due to the following activity:
table 25: senior and subordinated debt in billions                                2021
january 1                             $30.7
issuances                               1.7
calls and maturities                  (6.0)
other                                 (0.9)
impact from bbva acquisition            2.2
december 31                           $27.7
bank liquidity under pnc bank's 2014 bank note program, as amended, pnc bank may from time to time offer up to $40.0 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time of its unsecured senior and subordinated notes with maturity dates more than nine months (in the case of senior notes) and five years or more (in the case of subordinated notes) from their date of issue. at december 31, 2021, pnc bank had $13.7 billion of notes outstanding under this program of which $8.7 billion were senior bank notes and $5.0 billion were subordinated bank notes.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k the following table details pnc bank note redemptions in 2021:
table 26: pnc bank notes redeemed redemption date                     amount                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   description of redemption march 30, 2021               $1.25 billion                                    $1.25 billion of all outstanding senior notes with an original scheduled maturity date of april 29, 2021. the securities had a distribution rate of 2.150%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of march 30, 2021.
july 22, 2021                 $900 million                                                                                           all outstanding senior floating rate notes with an original scheduled maturity date of july 22, 2022. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of july 22, 2021.
july 22, 2021                 $600 million                              all outstanding senior fixed rate/floating rate notes with an original scheduled maturity date of july 22, 2022. the securities had a distribution rate of 2.232%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of july 22, 2021.
november 9, 2021              $750 million                                $750 million of all outstanding senior notes with an original scheduled maturity date of december 9, 2021. the securities have a distribution rate of 2.550%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of november 9, 2021.
december 9, 2021              $650 million       $650 million of all outstanding senior fixed rate/floating rate notes with an original scheduled maturity date of december 9, 2022. the securities have a distribution rate of 2.028%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of december 9, 2021.
december 9, 2021              $750 million                                                                          $750 million of all outstanding senior floating rate notes with an original scheduled maturity date of december 9, 2022. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date of december 9, 2021.
see note 25 subsequent events in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for details on the $1.25 billion bank note redemption announced on january 6, 2022 and the $500 million and $1.0 billion bank note redemptions both announced on february 11, 2022.
pnc bank maintains additional secured borrowing capacity with the fhlb and through the federal reserve bank discount window. the federal reserve bank, however, is not viewed as a primary means of funding our routine business activities, but rather as a potential source of liquidity in a stressed environment or during a market disruption. at december 31, 2021, our unused secured borrowing capacity at the fhlb and the federal reserve bank totaled $78.8 billion.
pnc bank has the ability to offer up to $10.0 billion of its commercial paper to provide additional liquidity. as of december 31, 2021, there were no issuances outstanding under this program.
additionally, pnc bank may also access funding from the parent company through deposits placed at the bank, or through issuing senior unsecured notes.
parent company liquidity in addition to managing liquidity risk at the bank level, we monitor the parent company's liquidity. the parent company's contractual obligations consist primarily of debt service related to parent company borrowings and funding non-bank affiliates. additionally, the parent company maintains liquidity to fund discretionary activities such as paying dividends to our shareholders, share repurchases and acquisitions.
as of december 31, 2021, available parent company liquidity totaled $9.0 billion. parent company liquidity is held in intercompany cash and investments. for investments with longer durations, the related maturities are aligned with scheduled cash needs, such as the maturity of parent company debt obligations.
the principal source of parent company liquidity is the dividends it receives from pnc bank, which may be impacted by the following:
•bank-level capital needs,
•laws, regulations and the results of supervisory activities,
•corporate policies,
•contractual restrictions, and
•other factors.
there are statutory and regulatory limitations on the ability of a national bank to pay dividends or make other capital distributions or to extend credit to the parent company or its non-bank subsidiaries. the amount available for dividend payments by pnc bank to the parent company without prior regulatory approval was approximately $2.4 billion at december 31, 2021. see note 20 regulatory matters in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for a further discussion of these limitations.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k on october 14, 2021, following completion of the bank merger on october 8, 2021, pnc bank completed a return of capital of $3.0 billion to the parent company.
in addition to dividends from pnc bank, other sources of parent company liquidity include cash and investments, as well as dividends and loan repayments from other subsidiaries and dividends or distributions from equity investments. we can also generate liquidity for the parent company and pnc's non-bank subsidiaries through the issuance of debt and equity securities, including certain capital instruments, in public or private markets and commercial paper. authorized by the board of directors, the parent company has the ability to offer up to $5.0 billion of commercial paper to provide additional liquidity. as of december 31, 2021 there were no commercial paper issuances outstanding.
the following table details parent company note issuances in 2021:
table 27: parent company notes issued issuance date                       amount                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 description of issuance april 23, 2021                $1.0 billion       $1.0 billion of senior fixed-to-floating rate notes with a maturity date of april 23, 2032. interest is payable semi-annually in arrears at a fixed rate of 2.307% per annum, on april 23 and october 23 of each year, beginning on october 23, 2021. beginning on april 23, 2031, interest is payable quarterly in arrears at a floating rate per annum equal to compounded sofr (determined with respect to each quarterly interest period using the sofr index), plus 0.97926%, on july 23, 2031, october 23, 2031, january 23, 2032 and at the maturity date.
august 13, 2021               $700 million                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $700 million of senior notes with a maturity date of august 13, 2026. interest is payable semi-annually in arrears at a fixed rate of 1.15% per annum, on august 13 and february 13 of each year, beginning on february 13, 2022.
on august 4, 2021, pnc redeemed all of the outstanding senior notes due september 3, 2021 issued by pnc in the amount of $500 million. the securities had a distribution rate of 3.250%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date.
see note 25 subsequent events for details on the $1.0 billion parent company note redemption announced on january 6, 2022.
parent company senior and subordinated debt outstanding totaled $11.4 billion at december 31, 2021 compared with $10.6 billion at december 31, 2020.
contractual obligations and commitments the following tables set forth contractual obligations and various other commitments as of december 31, 2021:
table 28: contractual obligations payment due by period december 31, 2021 - in millions                                           total                  less than                        one to                       four to                    after five one year                   three years                    five years                         years remaining contractual maturities of time deposits                   $17,366                  $15,403                        $1,334                          $422                          $207
borrowed funds (a)                                                   30,784                    7,182                         7,539                         5,001                        11,062
minimum annual rentals on noncancellable operating leases             2,412                      416                           719                           516                           761
nonqualified pension and postretirement benefits                        440                       48                            96                            92                           204
purchase obligations (b)                                              1,439                      743                           533                           145                            18
total contractual cash obligations                                  $52,441                  $23,792                       $10,221                        $6,176                       $12,252
(a)includes adjustments related to accounting hedges and purchase accounting.
(b)includes purchase obligations for goods and services covered by noncancellable contracts and contracts including cancellation fees.
table 29: other commitments (a)
amount of commitment expiration by period december 31, 2021 - in millions                           total amounts committed                 less than one                        one to                       four to                         after year                   three years                    five years                    five years commitments to extend credit (b)                               $237,238                         $109,326                        $67,433                       $59,076                        $1,403
net outstanding standby letters of credit (c)                     9,303                            5,671                          2,982                           643                             7
standby bond purchase agreements                                  1,268             249                                             797                           222
other commitments (d)                                             3,045                            1,822                            661                           408                           154
total commitments                                              $250,854                         $117,068                        $71,873                       $60,349                        $1,564
(a)other commitments are funding commitments that could potentially require performance in the event of demands by third parties or contingent events. loan commitments are reported net of syndications, assignments and participations.
(b)commitments to extend credit, or net unfunded loan commitments, represent arrangements to lend funds or provide liquidity subject to specified contractual conditions.
(c)includes $3.3 billion of standby letters of credit that support remarketing programs for customers' variable rate demand notes.
(d)includes other commitments of $0.8 billion that were not on our consolidated balance sheet. the remaining $2.2 billion of other commitments were included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k credit ratings pnc's credit ratings affect the cost and availability of short and long-term funding, collateral requirements for certain derivative instruments and the ability to offer certain products.
in general, rating agencies base their ratings on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix, level and quality of earnings, and the current legislative and regulatory environment, including implied government support. a decrease, or potential decrease, in credit ratings could impact access to the capital markets and/or increase the cost of debt, and thereby adversely affect liquidity and financial condition.
the following table presents credit ratings for pnc and pnc bank as of december 31, 2021:
table 30: credit ratings for pnc and pnc bank december 31, 2021
moody's        standard &amp; poor's         fitch pnc senior debt                a3             a-                            a subordinated debt          a3             bbb+                          a-
preferred stock            baa2           bbb-                          bbb pnc bank senior debt                a2             a                             a+
subordinated debt          a3             a-                            a long-term deposits         aa3            a                             aa-
short-term deposits        p-1            a-1                           f1+
short-term notes           p-1            a-1                           f1
on july 12, 2021, moody's downgraded pnc bank's long-term deposit rating from aa2 to aa3. the rating action was driven by a change in moody's rating methodology and no impact to pnc or its businesses is expected as a result of this downgrade. pnc bank's senior unsecured and subordinated debt ratings were affirmed at a2 and a3, respectively. at the same time, the moody's rating outlook on pnc bank's long-term deposit, senior unsecured debt and issuer ratings were raised from negative to stable.
capital management we manage our funding and capital positions by making adjustments to our balance sheet size and composition, issuing or redeeming debt, issuing equity or other capital instruments, executing treasury stock transactions and capital redemptions or repurchases and managing dividend policies and retaining earnings.
on september 13, 2021, pnc issued 1,500,000 depositary shares each representing 1/100th ownership in a share of 3.400% fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series t, with a par value of $1 per share.
in 2021, we returned $3.0 billion of capital to shareholders through dividends on common shares of $2.0 billion and repurchases of 5 million common shares for $1.0 billion.
we repurchase shares of pnc common stock under a share repurchase authorization provided by our board of directors in the amount of up to 100 million shares. our repurchases are made on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions and the extent and timing of share repurchases under authorizations depend on a number of factors including, among others, market and general economic conditions, economic and regulatory capital considerations, alternative uses of capital, the potential impact on our credit ratings, contractual and regulatory limitations, and the results of supervisory assessments of capital adequacy and capital planning processes undertaken by the federal reserve and the occ as part of the ccar and dfast processes. repurchases of common stock are subject to regulatory requirements, including compliance with scb requirements.
in the first quarter of 2021, the federal reserve extended the special limitations on dividends and share repurchases by ccar-participating bhcs that were put in place in 2020 as a result of ongoing uncertainty from covid-19. while these restrictions permitted share repurchases based on income, we refrained from repurchasing shares until the close of the bbva transaction. these restrictions ended on june 30, 2021 for firms with capital levels above those required by the 2021 stress tests, such as pnc. in june 2021, we announced the reinstatement of our share repurchase programs with repurchases of up to $2.9 billion for the four-quarter period beginning in the third quarter of 2021.
on january 5, 2022, the pnc board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on common stock of $1.25 per share paid on february 5, 2022.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k see the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business in this report for further information concerning the ccar and dfast process and the factors the federal reserve takes into consideration in its evaluation of capital plans.
table 31: basel iii capital december 31, 2021
dollars in millions                                                       basel iii (a)       (fully implemented) (estimated) (b)
common equity tier 1 capital common stock plus related surplus, net of treasury stock                     $49                                $49
retained earnings                                                         51,193                             50,228
goodwill, net of associated deferred tax liabilities                    (10,702)                           (10,702)
other disallowed intangibles, net of deferred tax liabilities              (435)                              (435)
other adjustments/(deductions)                                              (39)                               (45)
common equity tier 1 capital                                             $40,066                            $39,095
additional tier 1 capital preferred stock plus related surplus                                       5,010                              5,010
other adjustments/(deductions)                                               (1)                                (1)
tier 1 capital                                                           $45,075                            $44,104
additional tier 2 capital qualifying subordinated debt                                               3,417                              3,417
trust preferred capital securities                                            20
eligible credit reserves includable in tier 2 capital                      3,939                              4,817
total basel iii capital                                                  $52,451                            $52,338
risk-weighted assets basel iii standardized approach risk-weighted assets (c)                $388,769                           $389,068
average quarterly adjusted total assets                                 $548,453                           $547,483
supplementary leverage exposure (d)                                     $648,310                           $648,304
basel iii risk-based capital and leverage ratios (a)(e)
common equity tier 1                                                        10.3      %                        10.0             %
tier 1                                                                      11.6      %                        11.3             %
total (f)                                                                   13.5      %                        13.5             %
leverage (g)                                                                 8.2      %                         8.1             %
supplementary leverage ratio (d)                                             7.0      %                         6.8             %
(a)the ratios are calculated to reflect pnc's election to adopt the cecl five-year transition provision.
(b)the ratios are calculated to reflect the full impact of cecl and excludes the benefits of the optional five-year transition.
(c)basel iii standardized approach weighted-assets are based on the basel iii standardized approach rules and include credit and market risk-weighted assets.
(d)the supplementary leverage ratio is calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by supplementary leverage exposure, which takes into account the quarterly average of both on balance sheet assets as well as certain off-balance sheet items, including loan commitments and potential future exposure under derivative contracts.
(e)all ratios are calculated using the regulatory capital methodology applicable to pnc and calculated based on the standardized approach.
(f)the basel iii total risk-based capital ratios include nonqualifying trust preferred capital securities of $20 million that are subject to a phase-out period that runs through 2021.
(g)leverage ratio is calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by average quarterly adjusted total assets.
as of january 1, 2020, the 2019 tailoring rules became effective for pnc. the most significant changes involved pnc's election to exclude specific aoci items from cet1 capital and higher thresholds used to calculate cet1 capital deductions. as a result, pnc deducts from cet1 capital investments in unconsolidated financial institutions, msrs and deferred tax assets (in each case, net of associated deferred tax liabilities) to the extent such items individually exceed 25% of its adjusted cet1 capital.
pnc's regulatory risk-based capital ratios are calculated using the standardized approach for determining risk-weighted assets. under the standardized approach for determining credit risk-weighted assets, exposures are generally assigned a pre-defined risk weight. exposures to high volatility commercial real estate, nonaccruals, tdrs, past due exposures and equity exposures are generally subject to higher risk weights than other types of exposures.
the regulatory agencies have adopted a rule permitting banks to delay the estimated impact on regulatory capital stemming from implementing cecl. cecl's estimated impact on cet1 capital, as defined by the rule, is the change in retained earnings at adoption plus or minus 25% of the change in cecl acl at the balance sheet date compared to the cecl acl at transition. the estimated cecl impact was added to cet1 capital through december 31, 2021, and will be phased-out over the following three years. pnc elected to adopt this optional transition provision effective as of march 31, 2020. see additional discussion of this rule in the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business and item 1a risk factors of this report.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k at december 31, 2021, pnc and pnc bank, our sole bank subsidiary, were both considered "well capitalized," based on applicable u.s. regulatory capital ratio requirements. to qualify as "well capitalized", pnc must have basel iii capital ratios of at least 6% for tier 1 risk-based capital and 10% for total risk-based capital, and pnc bank must have basel iii capital ratios of at least 6.5% for cet1 risk-based capital, 8% for tier 1 risk-based capital, 10% for total risk-based capital and a leverage ratio of at least 5%.
federal banking regulators have stated that they expect the largest u.s. bhcs, including pnc, to have a level of regulatory capital well in excess of the regulatory minimum and have required the largest u.s. bhcs, including pnc, to have a capital buffer sufficient to withstand losses and allow them to meet the credit needs of their customers through estimated stress scenarios. we seek to manage our capital consistent with these regulatory principles, and believe that our december 31, 2021 capital levels were aligned with them.
we provide additional information regarding regulatory capital requirements and some of their potential impacts on us in the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business, item 1a risk factors and note 20 regulatory matters in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
market risk management market risk is the risk of a loss in earnings or economic value due to adverse movements in market factors such as interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. we are exposed to market risk primarily by our involvement in the following activities, among others:
•traditional banking activities of gathering deposits and extending loans,
•equity and other investments and activities whose economic values are directly impacted by market factors, and
•fixed income securities, derivatives and foreign exchange activities, as a result of customer activities and securities underwriting.
we have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report market risk. market risk management provides independent oversight by monitoring compliance with established guidelines and reporting significant risks in the business to the risk committee of the board of directors.
market risk management - interest rate risk interest rate risk results primarily from our traditional banking activities of gathering deposits and extending loans. many factors, including economic and financial conditions, movements in interest rates and consumer preferences, affect the difference between the interest that we earn on assets and the interest that we pay on liabilities and the level of our noninterest-bearing funding sources. due to the repricing term mismatches and embedded options inherent in certain of these products, changes in market interest rates not only affect expected near-term earnings, but also the economic values of these assets and liabilities.
our asset and liability management group centrally manages interest rate risk as prescribed in our risk management policies, which are approved by management's asset and liability committee and the risk committee of the board of directors.
sensitivity results and market interest rate benchmarks for the fourth quarters of 2021 and 2020 follow:
table 32: interest sensitivity analysis fourth quarter 2021                 fourth quarter 2020
net interest income sensitivity simulation (a)
effect on net interest income in first year from gradual interest rate change over the following 12
months of:
100 basis point increase                                                                                                3.7        %                        4.7        %
effect on net interest income in second year from gradual interest rate change over the preceding 12
months of:
100 basis point increase                                                                                                9.9        %                       12.5        %
(a)given the inherent limitations in certain of these measurement tools and techniques, results become less meaningful as interest rates approach zero. senior management approved the suspension of the 100bps decrease in rate change sensitivities considering the current low rate environment.
in addition to measuring the effect on net interest income assuming parallel changes in current interest rates, we routinely simulate the effects of a number of nonparallel interest rate environments. table 33 reflects the percentage change in net interest income over the next two 12-month periods assuming (i) the pnc economist's most likely rate forecast, (ii) implied market forward rates and (iii) yield curve slope flattening (a 50 basis point yield curve slope flattening between one-month and ten-year rates superimposed on current base rates) scenario.
all changes in forecasted net interest income are relative to results in a base rate scenario where current market rates are assumed to remain unchanged over the forecast horizon.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k table 33: net interest income sensitivity to alternative rate scenarios december 31, 2021
pnc                              market            slope economist                       forward            flattening first year sensitivity        4.1         %                  1.6    %            (2.3)       %
second year sensitivity       11.2        %                  6.4    %            (7.2)       %
when forecasting net interest income, we make assumptions about interest rates and the shape of the yield curve, the volume and characteristics of new business and the behavior of existing on- and off-balance sheet positions. these assumptions determine the future level of simulated net interest income in the base interest rate scenario and the other interest rate scenarios presented in tables 32 and 33. these simulations assume that as assets and liabilities mature, they are replaced or repriced at then current market rates.
the following graph presents the libor/swap yield curves for the base rate scenario and each of the alternate scenarios one year forward.
table 34: alternate interest rate scenarios: one year forward the fourth quarter 2021 interest sensitivity analyses indicate that our consolidated balance sheet is positioned to benefit from an increase in interest rates and an upward sloping interest rate yield curve. we believe that we have the deposit funding base and balance sheet flexibility to adjust, where appropriate and permissible, to changing interest rates and market conditions.
as discussed in item 1a risk factors, the scheduled discontinuance of the requirement that banks submit rates for the calculation of libor after june 30, 2023 presents risks to the financial instruments originated, held or serviced by pnc that use libor as a reference rate. pnc holds instruments and services its instruments and instruments owned by others that may be impacted by the likely discontinuance of libor, including loans, investments, hedging products, floating-rate obligations, and other financial instruments that use libor as a reference rate. the transition from libor as an interest rate benchmark will subject pnc, like other financial participants, to financial, legal, operational, and reputational risks.
in order to address libor cessation and the associated risks, pnc has established a cross-functional governance structure to oversee the overall strategy for the transition from libor and mitigate risks associated with the transition. a libor impact and risk assessment has been performed, which identified the associated risks across products, systems, models, and processes. pnc also established an enterprise-level program, which is actively monitoring pnc's overall firm-wide exposure to libor and using these results to plan transitional strategies and track progress versus these goals. program workstreams were formed by line of business to ensure accountability and alignment with the appropriate operational, technology, and customer-facing stakeholders, while establishing a centralized program management office to ensure consistency in execution and communication. project plans and established milestones have been developed and have continued to evolve and be refined in line with industry developments and internal decisions and progress. pnc is also involved in industry discussions, preparing milestones for readiness and assessing progress against those milestones, along with developing and delivering on internal and external libor cessation communication plans.
key efforts to date have included:
•enhancing fallback language in new contracts and reviewing existing legal contracts/agreements to assess fallback language impacts,
•making preparations for internal operational readiness,

•developing and delivering on internal and external libor cessation communication plans,
•engaging with pnc clients, industry working groups and regulators,
•monitoring developments associated with libor alternatives and industry practices related to libor-indexed instruments,
•incorporating bbva into pnc's libor transition effort, and
•initiating the offering of instruments referencing alternative rates in order to align with regulatory guidance encouraging the transition away from the use of usd libor in new contracts after december 31, 2021.
pnc also was an active participant in efforts with the federal reserve and other regulatory agencies to explore the potential need for a credit-sensitive rate or add-on to sofr for use in commercial loans. those efforts led to the formation of the credit sensitivity group, which held a series of workshops to assess how a credit-sensitive rate or add-on to sofr might be constructed and discuss associated implementation issues.
pnc began offering conforming adjustable rate mortgages using sofr instead of usd libor, in line with fannie mae and freddie mac requirements, and nonconforming adjustable rate residential mortgages using sofr and private student loans using prime. alternative rates including, but not limited to, the bsby index and sofr are currently being offered to our corporate and commercial customers. the majority of pnc's libor exposure maturing after june 30, 2023 is represented by approximately $100 billion in loans outstanding, most of which reside in corporate & institutional banking, and approximately $370 billion in derivatives, most of which include language defining the new rate upon cessation. the focus for 2022 will be planning for the cessation event in 2023 for all lines of business. corporate & institutional banking will also be amending contracts with inadequate fallback language, working on systems enhancements and continuing with client outreach and education. pnc has provided regular updates to federal reserve, occ and fdic examination staff regarding its libor cessation and transition plans.
market risk management - customer-related trading risk we engage in fixed income securities, derivatives and foreign exchange transactions to support our customers' investing and hedging activities. these transactions, related hedges and the credit valuation adjustment related to our customer derivatives portfolio are marked-to-market daily and reported as customer-related trading activities. we do not engage in proprietary trading of these products.
we use var as the primary means to measure and monitor market risk in customer-related trading activities. var is used to estimate the probability of portfolio losses based on the statistical analysis of historical market risk factors. a diversified var reflects empirical correlations across different asset classes. we calculate a diversified var at a 95% confidence interval and the results for 2021 and 2020 were within our acceptable limits.
to help ensure the integrity of the models used to calculate var for each portfolio and enterprise-wide, we use a process known as backtesting. the backtesting process consists of comparing actual observations of gains or losses against the var levels that were calculated at the close of the prior day. our var measure assumes that exposures remain constant and that recent market variability is a good predictor of future variability. actual observations include customer-related revenue and intraday hedging which helps to reduce losses and can reduce the number of instances actual losses exceed the prior day var measure. there were no instances during 2021 and minimal instances during 2020 under our diversified var measure where actual losses exceeded the prior day var measure and those losses were insignificant. our portfolio and enterprise-wide var models utilize a historical approach with a 500 day look back period.
customer-related trading revenue was $372 million in 2021 compared with $466 million in 2020 and is recorded in other noninterest income and other interest income on our consolidated income statement. the decrease was primarily due to the impact of the changes in credit valuations for customer-related derivative activities and lower client-related derivatives sales revenues, partially offset by higher foreign exchange client sales revenues.
market risk management - equity and other investment risk equity investment risk is the risk of potential losses associated with investing in both private and public equity markets. in addition to extending credit, taking deposits, underwriting securities and trading financial instruments, we make and manage direct investments in a variety of transactions, including management buyouts, recapitalizations and growth financings in a variety of industries. we also have investments in affiliated and non-affiliated funds that make similar investments in private equity, consistent with regulatory limitations. the economic and/or book value of these investments and other assets are directly affected by changes in market factors.
various pnc business units manage our equity and other investment activities. our businesses are responsible for making investment decisions within the approved policy limits and associated guidelines.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k a summary of our equity investments follows:
table 35: equity investments summary dollars in millions                   december 31 2021                 december 31 2020                            change
$                       %
tax credit investments                  $3,954                           $2,870              $1,084                38   %
private equity and other                 4,226                            3,182               1,044                33   %
total                                   $8,180                           $6,052              $2,128                35   %
tax credit investments included in our equity investments are direct tax credit investments and equity investments held by consolidated entities. these tax credit investment balances included unfunded commitments totaling $2.2 billion and $1.4 billion at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. these unfunded commitments are included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet.
note 5 loan sale and servicing activities and variable interest entities in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report has further information on tax credit investments.
private equity and other the largest component of our other equity investments is our private equity portfolio. the private equity portfolio is an illiquid portfolio consisting of mezzanine and equity investments that vary by industry, stage and type of investment. private equity investments carried at estimated fair value totaled $1.8 billion and $1.5 billion at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. as of december 31, 2021, $1.7 billion was invested directly in a variety of companies and $0.1 billion was invested indirectly through various private equity funds. see the supervision and regulation section in item 1 of this report for discussion of the potential impacts of the volcker rule on our interests in and relationships with private funds covered by the volcker rule.
included in our other equity investments are visa class b common shares, which are recorded at cost. visa class b common shares that we own are transferable only under limited circumstances until they can be converted into shares of the publicly-traded class a common shares, which cannot happen until the resolution of the pending interchange litigation. based upon the december 31, 2021 per share closing price of $216.71 for a visa class a common share, the estimated value of our total investment in the class b common shares was approximately $1.2 billion at the current conversion rate of visa b shares to visa a shares, while our cost basis was insignificant. see note 15 fair value and note 21 legal proceedings in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional information regarding our visa agreements. the estimated value does not represent fair value of the visa b common shares given the shares' limited transferability and the lack of observable transactions in the marketplace.
we also have certain other equity investments, the majority of which represent investments in affiliated and non-affiliated funds with both traditional and alternative investment strategies. net gains related to these investments were $50 million in 2021 and were insignificant in 2020.
impact of inflation our assets and liabilities are primarily financial in nature and typically have varying maturity dates. accordingly, future changes in prices do not affect the obligations to pay or receive fixed and determinable amounts of money. however, during periods of inflation, there may be a subsequent impact affecting certain fixed costs or expenses, an erosion of consumer and customer purchasing power, and fluctuations in the need or demand for our products and services. when significant levels of inflation occur, our business could potentially be impacted by, among other things, reducing our tolerance for extending credit or causing us to incur additional credit losses resulting from possible increased default rates. in the second half of 2021, inflation accelerated to its fastest pace in decades due to strong demand but limited supplies as a result of the pandemic.
financial derivatives we use a variety of financial derivatives as part of the overall asset and liability risk management process to help manage exposure to market (primarily interest rate) and credit risk inherent in our business activities. we also enter into derivatives with customers to facilitate their risk management activities.
financial derivatives involve, to varying degrees, market and credit risk. derivatives represent contracts between parties that usually require little or no initial net investment and result in one party delivering cash or another type of asset to the other party based on a notional and an underlying as specified in the contract. therefore, cash requirements and exposure to credit risk are significantly less than the notional amount on these instruments.
further information on our financial derivatives is presented in note 1 accounting policies, note 15 fair value and note 16 financial derivatives in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k not all elements of market and credit risk are addressed through the use of financial derivatives, and such instruments may be ineffective for their intended purposes due to unanticipated market changes, among other reasons.
operational risk management operational risk is the risk to the current or projected financial condition and resilience arising from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, human errors or misconduct or adverse external events. operational risk is inherent to the entire organization.
operational risk management is embedded in our culture and decision-making processes through a systematic approach whereby operational risks and exposures are: i) identified and assessed; ii) managed through the design and implementation of controls; iii) measured and evaluated against our risk tolerance limits; and iv) appropriately reported to management and the risk committee. strong operational risk management and well-informed risk-based decisions benefit us by improving the customer experience, enhancing compliance, reducing reputational risk, minimizing losses and establishing an appropriate amount of required operational risk capital held by us.
the operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk. the primary purpose of the framework is to enable us to understand our operational risks and manage them to the desired risk profile, in line with our risk appetite. additionally, the guidance established within the framework enables management to make well-informed risk-based business decisions.
the framework provides a disciplined and structured process for us to manage operational risk across eight operational risk domains. these domains provide a comprehensive view of operational risk and allow us to discuss operational risk in a standard way, facilitating reporting and ongoing risk mitigation.
the operational risk domains are:
•operations: risk resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, misconduct or errors of people or fraud.
•compliance: risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, self-regulatory standards or other regulatory requirements.
•data management: risk associated with incomplete or inaccurate data.
•model: risk associated with the design, implementation and ongoing use and management of models.
•technology and systems: risk associated with the use, operation and adoption of technology.
•information security: risk resulting from the failure to protect information and ensure appropriate access to, and use and handling of information assets.
•business continuity: risk of potential disruptive events to business activities.
•third party: risk arising from failure of third party providers to conduct activity in a safe and sound manner and in compliance with contract provisions and applicable laws and regulations.
we utilize operational risk management programs within the framework, including risk and control self-assessments, scenario analysis, and internal and external loss event reviews and analysis, to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. the program tools and methodology enable our business managers to identify potential risks and control gaps.
lines of business are responsible for identifying, owning, managing and monitoring the operational risks and controls associated with their business activities and product or service offerings to within acceptable levels. centralized functions, such as business continuity, enterprise third party management, and information security, are responsible for the development, implementation and management of their individual programs and for the development and maintenance of the policies, procedures, methodologies, tools and technology utilized across the enterprise to identify, assess, monitor and report program risks. additionally, independent risk management reviews and challenges line of business adherence to the framework to help ensure proper controls are in place and appropriate risk mitigation plans are established as necessary.
conduct, reputational and strategic risk pnc's risk culture seeks to reinforce the appropriate protocols for responsible and ethical behavior through sound processes and controls. in order to promote a robust risk culture, the board and executive management establish code of conduct and professional standards to which all employees must adhere. a strong risk culture discourages misconduct and supports conduct risk management at pnc. conduct risk is defined as the risk that employees fail to comply with the ethical standards expected of them. strong conduct risk management is important in supporting pnc's reputation and pnc maintains a corporate culture that emphasizes complying with laws, regulations, and managing reputational risks. reputational risk is the risk to the franchise and/or shareholder value based on a negative perception of pnc by its stakeholders and/or the changing expectations of its stakeholders. strategic risk is another component of the erm framework that is also critical to optimizing shareholder returns. strategic risk is the risk to earnings that may arise from adverse business decisions, improper implementation of business decisions and/or inadequate response to changes in the business environment. strategic risk is considered and assessed by our businesses in the annual strategic planning processes and monitored on an on-going basis as those plans are carried out.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k compliance risk enterprise compliance is responsible for oversight of compliance risk for the organization. compliance issues are identified and tracked through enterprise-wide monitoring and testing activities. compliance risk issues are escalated through a comprehensive risk reporting process at both a business and enterprise level and incorporated, as appropriate, into the development and assessment of our operational risk profile. a management committee, chaired by the chief compliance officer, is responsible for oversight of compliance and fiduciary risk management programs across pnc. enterprise compliance, through the regulatory change program, helps pnc understand and proactively address emerging regulatory topics and risks as well as respond to changes in applicable laws and regulations. to understand emerging issues impacting the industry, enterprise compliance communicates regularly with various regulators having supervisory or regulatory responsibilities with respect to us, our subsidiaries, or businesses and participates in forums focused on regulatory and compliance matters in the financial services industry.
information security risk the information security component of our operational risk management framework is responsible for protecting information assets to achieve business objectives, which includes cyber security. pnc's cyber security program is designed to identify risks to sensitive information, protect that information, detect threats and events, and maintain an appropriate response and recovery capability to help ensure resilience against information security incidents. the program includes, among other things, annual security and privacy training for all pnc employees and quarterly phishing exercises to raise employee awareness. our security program is also regularly examined by federal regulators for compliance with financial regulations and standards. the program also establishes expectations for information asset management, system development security, identity and access management, incident management, threat and vulnerability management, security operations management and third and fourth party security.
critical accounting estimates and judgments our consolidated financial statements are prepared by applying certain accounting policies. note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report describes the most significant accounting policies that we use. certain of these policies require us to make estimates or economic assumptions that may vary under different assumptions or conditions, and such variations may significantly affect our reported results and financial position for the period or in future periods.
allowance for credit losses we maintain the acl at levels that we believe to be appropriate as of the balance sheet date to absorb expected credit losses on our existing investment securities, loans, equipment finance leases, other financial assets and unfunded lending related commitments, for the remaining contractual term of the assets or exposures, taking into consideration expected prepayments. our determination of the acl is based on historical loss and performance experience, as well as current borrower and transaction characteristics including collateral type and quality, current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions and other relevant factors. we use methods sensitive to changes in economic conditions to interpret these factors and to estimate expected credit losses. we evaluate and, when appropriate, enhance the quality of our data and models and other methods used to estimate acl on an ongoing basis. we apply qualitative factors to reflect in the acl our best estimate of amounts that we do not expect to collect because of, among other things, idiosyncratic risk factors, changes in economic conditions that may not be reflected in forecasted results, or other potential methodology limitations. the major drivers of acl estimates include, but are not limited to:
•current economic conditions: our forecast of expected losses depends on economic conditions as of the estimation date. as current economic conditions evolve, forecasted losses could be materially affected.
•scenario weights and design: our loss estimates are sensitive to the shape, direction and rate of change of macroeconomic forecasts and thus vary significantly between upside and downside scenarios. change to probability weights assigned to these scenarios and timing of peak business cycles reflected by the scenarios could materially affect our loss estimates.
•current borrower quality: our forecast of expected losses depends on current borrower and transaction characteristics, including credit metrics and collateral type/quality. as borrower quality evolves, forecasted losses could be materially affected.
•portfolio volume and mix: changes to portfolio volume and mix could materially affect our estimates, as cecl reserves would be recognized upon origination or acquisition.
for all assets and unfunded lending related commitments within the scope of the cecl standard, the applicable acl is composed of one or a combination of the following components: (i) collectively assessed or pooled reserves, (ii) individually assessed reserves, and
(iii) qualitative (judgmental) reserves. our methodologies and key assumptions for each of these components are discussed in note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
reasonable and supportable economic forecast under cecl, we are required to consider reasonable and supportable forecasts in estimating expected credit losses. for this purpose, we have established a framework which includes a three year forecast period and the use of four economic scenarios with associated probability weights, which in combination create a forecast of expected economic outcomes over our reasonable and supportable the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k forecast period. credit losses estimated in our reasonable and supportable forecast period are sensitive to the shape and severity of the scenarios used and weights assigned to them.
to generate the four economic forecast scenarios we use a combination of quantitative macroeconomic models, other measures of economic activity and forward-looking expert judgment to forecast the distribution of economic outcomes over the reasonable and supportable forecast period. each scenario is then given an associated probability (weight) in order to represent our current expectation within that distribution over the forecast period. this process is informed by current economic conditions, expected business cycle evolution and the expert judgment of pnc's rac. this approach seeks to provide a reasonable representation of the forecast of expected economic outcomes and is used to estimate expected credit losses across a variety of loans and securities. each quarter the scenarios are presented for approval to pnc's rac, and the committee determines and approves cecl scenarios' weights for use for the current reporting period.
the scenarios used for the period ended december 31, 2021 reflect an improved near-term economic outlook compared to the scenarios used for the period ended december 31, 2020. the overall improvement in the comparison was driven largely by improvements in both the outlook for consumer spending and the labor market, along with the impact from continued vaccine distribution, while also considering the lingering effects of covid-19 that slowed the momentum of economic recovery in recent months and the impacts of supply-chain disruptions.
we used a number of economic variables in our scenarios, with the most significant drivers being real gdp and the u.s. unemployment rate. the following table presents a comparison of these two economic variables based on the weighted-average scenario forecasts used in determining our acl at december 31, 2021 and 2020.
table 36: key macroeconomic variables in cecl weighted-average scenarios assumptions as of december 31, 2021
2022                                                          2023              2024
u.s. real gdp (a) (b)                       2.8%              1.4%              1.3%
u.s. unemployment rate (c)                  4.4%              4.1%              3.9%
assumptions as of december 31, 2020
2021                                                          2022              2023
u.s. real gdp (a) (d)                       2.3%              2.7%              2.2%
u.s. unemployment rate (c)                  6.8%              5.7%              5.0%
(a)represents year-over-year growth rates.
(b)year-over-year growth for 2022 in the assumptions used at december 31, 2021 reflects 5.4% growth above pre-recession levels.
(c)represents quarterly average rate at december 31.
(d)year-over-year growth for 2021 in the assumptions used at december 31, 2020 reflected growth that remained 0.5% below pre-recession levels.
real gdp growth is expected to remain robust in 2022, with output expanding 2.8% on a weighted-average basis, similar to the 2.7% weighted-average expectation this time last year, before slowing to 1.4% and 1.3% in 2023 and 2024, respectively. the improvement in the labor market has outpaced expectations over the past year. as such, the weighted-average projection of the unemployment rate is expected to end 2022 at 4.4% and 2023 at 4.1%. this is an improvement from the weighted-average projections taken as of december 31, 2020, which had the unemployment rate reaching 5.7% and 5.0% in 2022 and 2023, respectively.
the economy has seen significant recovery from the onset of the pandemic. national macroeconomic indicators, forecasts and performance expectations have all steadily improved, helping to lower overall loss expectations. these improvements have been reflected in the reserve releases throughout 2021, including in certain segments initially impacted by covid-19 related restrictions. however, for certain portions of our commercial and consumer portfolios, considerable uncertainty remains regarding lifetime losses. for commercial borrowers, there are still lingering concerns around industries that have been affected by covid-19 related restrictions and emerging secular changes. for these industries, where unrestricted commerce has recently returned, the recovery will lag the broader economy. where restrictions persist and/or secular changes have emerged, the impact and eventual level of recovery are less certain. for consumer borrowers, payment behavior upon expiration of government stimulus, including expired enhanced unemployment benefits is still difficult to predict. as such, for both our commercial and consumer loan portfolios, pnc identified and performed significant analysis around these segments to ensure our reserves are adequate in the current economic environment. we believe the economic scenarios have effectively provided sufficient variation to capture probable recovery paths. additionally, through in-depth and granular analysis of covid-19 related impacts, we have addressed reserve requirements for specific populations most affected in the current environment. through this approach, we believe the reserve levels appropriately reflect the expected credit losses in the portfolio as of the balance sheet date.
to provide additional context regarding the sensitivity of the acl to a more pessimistic forecast of expected economic outcomes, we considered what our acl would be when applying a 100% probability weighting to the most severely adverse scenario. this severely adverse scenario estimated that real gdp contracted in 2022 ending the year down 2.1% compared to 2021 levels, with growth the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k picking up again beginning in 2023, while the unemployment rate increased to end 2022 at 7.9% before gradually improving again through 2023 and 2024. excluding consideration of qualitative adjustments, this sensitivity analysis would result in a hypothetical increase in our acl of $2.4 billion at december 31, 2021. this scenario was not our expectation at december 31, 2021 and does not reflect our current expectation, nor does it capture all the potential unknown variables that could arise in the forecast period, but it provides an approximation of a possible outcome under hypothetical severe conditions. the cecl methodology inherently requires a high degree of judgment, and as a result, it is possible that we may, at another point in time, reach different conclusions regarding our credit loss estimates.
residential and commercial mortgage servicing rights we elect to measure our msrs at fair value. this election was made to be consistent with our risk management strategy to hedge changes in the fair value of these assets. the fair value of our msrs is estimated by using a discounted cash flow valuation model which calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing cash flows, taking into consideration actual and expected mortgage loan prepayment rates, discount rates, servicing costs, and other factors which are determined based on current market conditions.
we employ risk management strategies designed to protect the value of msrs from changes in interest rates and related market factors. the values of the msrs are economically hedged with securities and derivatives, including interest-rate swaps, options, and forward mortgage-backed and futures contracts. as interest rates change, these financial instruments are expected to have changes in fair value negatively correlated to the change in fair value of the hedged msr portfolios. the hedge relationships are actively managed in response to changing market conditions over the life of the msrs. selecting appropriate financial instruments to economically hedge residential or commercial msrs requires significant management judgment to assess how mortgage rates and prepayment speeds could affect the future values of msrs. hedging results can frequently be less predictable in the short term, but over longer periods of time are expected to protect the economic value of the msrs.
for information on how each estimate has changed and a sensitivity analysis of the hypothetical effect of the fair value of msrs to immediate adverse changes in key assumptions, see note 6 goodwill and mortgage servicing rights in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report. for additional information on our residential and commercial msrs, see note 1 accounting policies, note 6 goodwill and mortgage servicing rights and note 15 fair value in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
fair value measurements - level 3
we must use estimates, assumptions and judgments when assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at, or adjusted to reflect, fair value. assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. when observable price and third-party information is not available, we estimate fair value primarily by using cash flow and other financial modeling techniques. changes in underlying factors, assumptions, or estimates in any of these valuation techniques could materially impact our future financial condition and results of operations.
we apply asc 820 - fair value measurements. this guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell a financial asset or paid to transfer a financial liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. this guidance requires a three level hierarchy for disclosure of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. the classification of assets and liabilities within the hierarchy is based on whether the inputs to the valuation methodology used in the measurement are observable or unobservable. level 3 assets and liabilities are those where the fair value is estimated using significant unobservable inputs. while estimating potential sensitivities around fair value measurements is inherently challenging, we provide a summary of the key unobservable inputs in note 15 fair value in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
for additional information on level 3 fair value measurements, see note 15 fair value in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
recently adopted accounting pronouncements see note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report regarding the impact of new accounting pronouncements which we have adopted.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information we make statements in this report, and we may from time to time make other statements, regarding our outlook for financial performance, such as earnings, revenues, expenses, tax rates, capital and liquidity levels and ratios, asset levels, asset quality, financial position, and other matters regarding or affecting us and our future business and operations that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as "believe," "plan," "expect," "anticipate," "see," "look," "intend," "outlook," "project," "forecast," "estimate," "goal," "will," "should" and other similar words and expressions.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2021 form 10-k forward-looking statements are necessarily subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. future events or circumstances may change our outlook and may also affect the nature of the assumptions, risks and uncertainties to which our forward-looking statements are subject. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. we do not assume any duty and do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. actual results or future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in forward-looking statements, as well as from historical performance. as a result, we caution against placing undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.
our forward-looking statements are subject to the following principal risks and uncertainties.
▪our businesses, financial results and balance sheet values are affected by business and economic conditions, including:
-changes in interest rates and valuations in debt, equity and other financial markets,
-disruptions in the u.s. and global financial markets,
-actions by the federal reserve board, u.s. treasury and other government agencies, including those that impact money supply and market interest rates and inflation,
-changes in customer behavior due to changing business and economic conditions or legislative or regulatory initiatives,
-changes in customers', suppliers' and other counterparties' performance and creditworthiness,
-impacts of tariffs and other trade policies of the u.s. and its global trading partners,
-the length and extent of the economic impacts of the covid-19 pandemic,
-impacts of changes in federal, state and local governmental policy, including on the regulatory landscape, capital markets, taxes, infrastructure spending and social programs, and
-commodity price volatility.
▪our forward-looking financial statements are subject to the risk that economic and financial market conditions will be substantially different than those we are currently expecting and do not take into account potential legal and regulatory contingencies. these statements are based on our views that:
-the u.s. economy continues to recover from the pandemic-caused recession in the first half of 2020. growth is likely to be softer in the first quarter of 2022 due to the omicron variant, and then pick up in the spring, remaining above the economy's long-run average throughout this year. consumer spending growth will remain solid in 2022 due to good underlying fundamentals.
-supply-chain difficulties, which weighed on growth in the second half of 2021, will gradually ease over the course of 2022. labor shortages will remain a constraint this year, although strong wage growth will support consumer spending.
-inflation accelerated in the second half of 2021 to its fastest pace in decades due to strong demand but limited supplies coming out of the pandemic for some goods and services. inflation will slow in 2022 as supply and demand for these goods and services normalize, but also broaden throughout the economy due to wage growth. inflation will end 2022 above the federal reserve's long-run objective of 2%.
-pnc expects the fomc to raise the federal funds rate by 0.25 percentage points five times in 2022 to reach a range of 1.25% to 1.50% by the end of the year, and then further increase the federal funds rate in 2023. the federal reserve will also end its purchases of long-term treasuries and mortgage-backed securities in march 2022, and then start to reduce its balance sheet in mid-2022.
•pnc's ability to take certain capital actions, including returning capital to shareholders, is subject to pnc meeting or exceeding a scb established by the federal reserve board in connection with the federal reserve board's ccar process.
•pnc's regulatory capital ratios in the future will depend on, among other things, the company's financial performance, the scope and terms of final capital regulations then in effect and management actions affecting the composition of pnc's balance sheet. in addition, pnc's ability to determine, evaluate and forecast regulatory capital ratios, and to take actions (such as capital distributions) based on actual or forecasted capital ratios, will be dependent at least in part on the development, validation and regulatory review of related models.
•legal and regulatory developments could have an impact on our ability to operate our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, competitive position, reputation or pursuit of attractive acquisition opportunities. reputational impacts could affect matters such as business generation and retention, liquidity, funding, and ability to attract and retain management. these developments could include:
-changes to laws and regulations, including changes affecting oversight of the financial services industry, consumer protection, bank capital and liquidity standards, pension, bankruptcy and other industry aspects, and changes in accounting policies and principles.
-unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings or other claims and regulatory and other governmental investigations or other inquiries. these matters may result in monetary judgments or settlements or other remedies, including fines, penalties, restitution or alterations in our business practices, and in additional expenses and collateral costs, and may cause reputational harm to pnc.
-results of the regulatory examination and supervision process, including our failure to satisfy requirements of agreements with governmental agencies.
-impact on business and operating results of any costs associated with obtaining rights in intellectual property claimed by others and of adequacy of our intellectual property protection in general.

•business and operating results are affected by our ability to identify and effectively manage risks inherent in our businesses, including, where appropriate, through effective use of systems and controls, third-party insurance, derivatives, and capital management techniques, and to meet evolving regulatory capital and liquidity standards.
•our acquisition of bbva presents us with risks and uncertainties related to the integration of the acquired business into pnc including:
-the business of bbva going forward may not perform as we project or in a manner consistent with historical performance. as a result, the anticipated benefits, including estimated cost savings, of the transaction may be significantly more difficult or take longer to achieve than expected or may not be achieved in their entirety as a result of unexpected factors or events, including those that are outside of our control.
-the integration of bbva, including its u.s. banking subsidiary, bbva usa, with that of pnc and pnc bank may be more difficult to achieve than anticipated or have unanticipated adverse results. our ability to integrate bbva, including its u.s. banking subsidiary, bbva usa, successfully may be adversely affected by the fact that this transaction results in us entering several geographical markets where we did not previously have any meaningful presence.
•in addition to the bbva transaction, we grow our business in part through acquisitions and new strategic initiatives. risks and uncertainties include those presented by the nature of the business acquired and strategic initiative, including in some cases those associated with our entry into new businesses or new geographic or other markets and risks resulting from our inexperience in those new areas, as well as risks and uncertainties related to the acquisition transactions themselves, regulatory issues, and the integration of the acquired businesses into pnc after closing.
•competition can have an impact on customer acquisition, growth and retention and on credit spreads and product pricing, which can affect market share, deposits and revenues. our ability to anticipate and respond to technological changes can also impact our ability to respond to customer needs and meet competitive demands.
•business and operating results can also be affected by widespread natural and other disasters, pandemics, dislocations, terrorist activities, system failures, security breaches, cyberattacks or international hostilities through impacts on the economy and financial markets generally or on us or our counterparties specifically.
we provide greater detail regarding these as well as other factors in this report, including in item 1a risk factors, the risk management section of item 7 and note 21 legal proceedings in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report. our forward-looking statements may also be subject to other risks and uncertainties, including those discussed elsewhere in this report or in our other filings with the sec.
