item 1a. risk factors the risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historical results. it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. there may be additional risks that we consider not to be material, or which are not known, and any of these risks could affect our operations. the ordering of the risk factors set forth below is not intended to reflect a risk's potential likelihood or magnitude. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for a cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements.
covid-19 and financial risks the covid-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and liquidity. the global spread of covid-19, the unprecedented responses by governments and other authorities to control and contain the disease, including related variants and challenges to global vaccination efforts, have caused significant disruptions, created new risks, and exacerbated existing risks to our business.
we have been, and continue to be, negatively impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, including impacts that resulted or may result from actions taken in response to the outbreak and the occurrence and spread of related variants. examples of these include, but are not limited to, cruising advisories and required or voluntary travel restrictions, that resulted in the temporary suspension of our global brands' operations, from which we have resumed limited operations; restrictions on the movement and gathering of people; social distancing measures; shelter-in-place/stay-at-home orders; and disruptions to businesses in our supply chain. in addition to the restrictions affecting our business, the extent, duration, and magnitude of the covid-19 pandemic's effect on the economy and consumer demand for cruising and travel is evolving and difficult to predict. as such, these impacts may persist for an extended period of time or even become more pronounced, even as we resume operations.
the covid-19 pandemic also has elevated risks affecting significant parts of our business:
• operations: while we have restarted our global cruise operations in a phased manner, following the march 2020 suspension of our global cruise operations, there is no assurance that our plan to resume operations will be successful. it is possible that future covid-19 cases could occur onboard and, even if controlled and contained, it is uncertain whether we will need to suspend additional sailings and to what extent in such event. onboard cases have resulted in illness among our guests and crew, incremental costs, guest refunds and negative publicity and media attention. in addition, we may face challenges in executing our return to service plans as a result of new and evolving operating protocols, including due to state laws regarding proof of vaccination requirements and related litigation, and possible changes in regulations in the countries in which we operate and plan to operate.
uncertainties remain as to the specifics, timing and costs of administering and implementing our health and safety measures, some of which may be significant. these measures also may negatively impact guest satisfaction. based on our assessment of these requirements and recommendations, the status of covid-19 infection and/or vaccination rates in the u.s. or globally or for other reasons, we may determine it necessary to cancel or modify certain of our global brands' cruise sailings. in addition, there is no guarantee that the vaccines will be effective. we believe the impact to our global bookings resulting from covid-19 will continue to have a material negative impact on our results of operations and liquidity, which may be prolonged beyond containment of the disease and its variants.
our previous suspension of sailings and our gradual resumption of operations has led to a significant decline in our revenues and cash inflows, which required us to take cost and capital expenditure containment actions. consequently, we reduced and furloughed some of our workforce, with approximately 23% of our u.s. shoreside employee base being impacted in 2020. our ships and our shipboard crew are gradually being notified about new assignments as operations resume over time. we may be challenged in rebuilding the rest of our workforce which could delay our phased resumption of operations. in addition, we have reduced our planned capital spending through 2022, which may negatively impact or delay our execution of planned growth strategies, particularly as it relates to investments in our ships, technology, and our expansion of land-based developments. we also have taken actions to monitor and mitigate changes in our supply chain, and port destination availability, which may strain relationships with our vendors and port partners.
if we are unable to satisfy the safety standards applicable to our sailings, our operations may be negatively impacted and we could be exposed to reputational and legal risks. due to the unprecedented and uncertain nature of the covid-19 pandemic and related regulatory landscape, it is difficult to predict the impact of further disruptions and their magnitude. in addition, we have never previously experienced a complete cessation of our cruising operations or a subsequent phased resumption of operations, and as a consequence, we are unable to predict the precise impact of such a cessation or phased resumption of operations on our brands and future prospects.
•results of operations: our suspensions of sailings have materially impacted the results of our operations. we have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs as we accommodate passengers due to cancelled sailings. in addition, we have incurred and will likely continue to incur significant overhead costs associated with the return to service of our fleet and enhanced covid-19 related cleaning, testing, vaccination and other mitigation procedures. we may experience volatility in demand for cruising for an indeterminable length of time due to the uncertain nature of the covid-19 pandemic and ongoing concerns about health and safety, and we cannot predict when we will return to pre-pandemic demand or fare pricing or if we will return to such levels in the foreseeable future. in turn, these negative impacts to our financial performance have resulted and may continue to result in impairments of our long-lived and intangible assets, which has influenced our decision making relating to early disposal, sale or retirement of assets. following the resumption of operations, our global brands and our partner brands may be subject to the continued impact of the covid-19 pandemic. additionally, any future profitability will be impacted by increased debt service costs as a result of our liquidity actions.
•liquidity: the suspension of our sailings and the reduction in demand for future cruising adversely impacted our liquidity, and we have continued to experience higher than historical levels of refunds of customer deposits, while cash inflows from new or existing bookings on future sailings are below pre-pandemic levels. as a result, we have taken actions to increase our liquidity through a combination of operating and capital expense reductions and increased financing activities. refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data for further discussion of our 2021 financing activities.
we have agreed with certain of our lenders that we will not pay dividends or engage in stock repurchases until after the third quarter of 2022. thereafter, in the event we declare a dividend or engage in stock repurchases we will need to repay the amounts deferred under our export credit facilities. on february 25, 2021, s&p global further downgraded our senior unsecured rating from b+ to b, which had no financial impact, and downgraded our senior secured notes which were partially repaid in august 2021, and silversea notes, which were fully repaid in june 2021 with the proceeds from the $650 million june unsecured notes, from bb to bb-. this downgrade had no impact on the terms of the notes. our ability to raise additional financing, whether or not secured, could be limited if our credit rating is further downgraded, and/or if we fail to comply with applicable covenants governing our outstanding indebtedness, and/or if overall financial market conditions worsen. additionally, due to the complexity of the pandemic's impact to the economy and uncertainty of its duration, we cannot guarantee that assumptions used to project our liquidity needs will be correct, which may result in the need for additional financing and/or may result in the inability to satisfy covenants required by our current credit facilities. if we continue to raise additional funds through equity or convertible debt issuances, our shareholders could experience dilution of their ownership interest, and these equity or convertible debt securities could have rights, preferences, and privileges that are superior to that of holders of our ordinary shares. if we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to additional limitations on our operations due to restrictive covenants, which may be more restrictive than the covenants in our existing debt agreements, and we may be required to further encumber our assets. also, as a result of our additional debt issuances, we will require a significant amount of cash to service our debt and sustain operations. our ability to generate cash depends on factors beyond our control and we may be unable to repay or repurchase debt at maturity. if adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be unable to fund our operations, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could negatively affect our business. there is no guarantee that financing will be available in the future or that such financing will be available with similar terms or terms that are commercially acceptable to us. further, if any government agrees to provide us with disaster relief assistance, or other assistance due to the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, and we determine it is beneficial to seek such government assistance, it may impose restrictions on share buybacks, dividends, prepayment of debt, executive compensation or other areas of our business until the aid is repaid or redeemed in full, which could significantly limit our corporate activities and adversely impact our business and operations. we cannot assure you that any such disaster relief would be available to us.
we may not be able to obtain sufficient financing or capital for our needs or may not be able to do so on terms that are acceptable or consistent with our expectations.
to fund our capital expenditures (including new ship orders), operations and scheduled debt payments, we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and the sale of equity or debt securities in private or public securities markets. any circumstance or event which leads to a decrease in consumer cruise spending, such as worsening global economic conditions or significant incidents impacting the cruise industry, such as the covid-19 pandemic, negatively affects our operating cash flows. we had net cash outflows from operations for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021. as result of the covid-19 pandemic and the resulting suspension of our operations, we have experienced credit rating downgrades, which may reduce our ability to incur secured indebtedness by reducing the amount of indebtedness that we are permitted to secure, and may negatively impact our access to, and cost of, debt financing.
our ability to access additional funding as and when needed, our ability to timely refinance and/or replace our outstanding debt securities and credit facilities on acceptable terms and our cost of funding will depend upon numerous factors including, but not limited to, the strength of the financial markets, our recovery and financial performance, the recovery and performance of our industry in general and the size, scope and timing of our financial needs. in addition, even where financing commitments have been secured, significant disruptions in the capital and credit markets could cause our banking and other counterparties to breach their contractual obligations to us or could cause the conditions to the availability of such funding not to be satisfied. this could include failures of banks or other financial service companies to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements or to pay us amounts that may become due or return collateral that is refundable under our derivative contracts for hedging of fuel prices, interest rates and foreign currencies or other agreements. if any of the foregoing occurs for a prolonged period of time it will have a long-term negative impact on our cash flows and our ability to meet our financial obligations.
our substantial debt requires a significant amount of cash to service and could adversely affect our financial condition.
we have a substantial amount of debt and significant debt service obligations. as of december 31, 2021, we had total debt of $21.1 billion. our substantial debt has required us to dedicate a large portion of our cash flow from operations to service debt and fund repayments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate expenses.
our ability to make future scheduled payments on our debt service obligations or refinance our debt depends on our future operating and financial performance and ability to generate cash. this will be affected by our ability to successfully implement our business strategy, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control, such as the disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic. if we cannot generate sufficient cash to meet our debt service obligations or fund our other business needs, we may, among other things, need to refinance all or a portion of our debt, obtain additional financing, delay planned capital expenditures or sell assets. we cannot assure that we will be able to generate sufficient cash through any of the foregoing. if we are not able to refinance any of our debt, obtain additional financing or sell assets on commercially reasonable terms or at all, we may not be able to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt.
our substantial debt could also result in other negative consequences for us. for example, it could increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic or industry conditions; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or the industry in which we operate; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, the economy or the industry in which we operate, including the current downturn related to covid-19; limit our ability to raise additional debt or equity capital in the future to satisfy our requirements relating to working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, strategic initiatives or other purposes; restrict us from making strategic acquisitions, introducing new technologies or exploiting business opportunities; limit or restrict our ability to obtain and maintain performance bonds to cover our financial responsibility requirements in various jurisdictions for non-performance of guest travel, casualty and personal injury; make it difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt; and increase our exposure to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are (and may be in the future) at a variable rate of interest.
despite our leverage, we may incur more debt, which could adversely affect our business.
we may incur substantial additional debt in the future. except for the restrictions under the indentures governing our 10.875% and 11.5% senior secured notes due 2023 and 2025, respectively (the "secured notes"), and our 9.125% senior guaranteed notes due 2023 (the "priority guaranteed notes") and certain of our other debt instruments, including our unsecured bank and export credit facilities, we are not restricted under the terms of our debt instruments from incurring additional debt. although the indentures governing the secured notes, the unsecured notes, and certain of our other debt instruments, including our unsecured bank and export credit facilities, contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and under certain circumstances the amount of debt that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. in the event that we execute and borrow under the $700.0 million commitment available to draw on at any time prior to august 12, 2022 for a 364-day term loan facility, the credit agreement that would govern such term loan facility would impose substantially similar restrictions (including the related qualifications and exceptions) as are set forth in the indenture governing the unsecured notes. if new debt is added to our existing debt levels, the related risks that we now face would increase. as of december 31, 2021, we have commitments for approximately $10.0 billion of debt to finance the purchase of 9 ships on order by our royal caribbean international, celebrity cruises and silversea cruises brands, all of which are guaranteed by the export credit agencies in the countries in which the ships are being built. the ultimate size of each facility will depend on the final contract price (including change orders and owner's supply) as well as fluctuations in the eur/usd exchange rate.
we are subject to restrictive debt covenants that may limit our ability to finance our future operations and capital needs and to pursue business opportunities and activities. in addition, if we fail to comply with any of these restrictions, it could have a material adverse effect on us.
certain of our debt instruments, including our indentures and our unsecured bank and export credit facilities, limit our flexibility in operating our business. for example, certain of our loan agreements and indentures restrict or limit our and our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; pay dividends or distributions on, or redeem or repurchase capital stock and make other restricted payments; make investments; consummate certain asset sales; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; grant or assume certain liens; and consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. in addition, both our export credit facilities and our non-export credit facilities contain covenants that will, once our current waivers expire, require us, among other things, to maintain a specified minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and limit our net debt-to-capital ratio. in addition, our eca facility amendments also require us to maintain minimum liquidity and a minimum stock holders' equity. refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data for further discussion on our covenants and existing waivers.
all of these limitations are subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. despite these exceptions and qualifications, we cannot assure you that the operating and financial restrictions and covenants in certain of our debt instruments will not adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs or engage in other business activities that may be in our interest. any future indebtedness may include similar or other restrictive terms. in addition, our ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be affected by events beyond our control. these include prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. if we breach any of these covenants or restrictions, we could be in default under such indebtedness and certain of our other debt instruments, and the relevant debt holders or lenders could elect to declare the debt, together with accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, if any, immediately due and payable and proceed against any collateral securing that debt. if the debt under certain of our debt instruments that we enter into were to be accelerated, our liquid assets may be insufficient to repay in full such indebtedness. borrowings under other debt instruments that contain cross-default provisions also may be accelerated or become payable on demand. in these circumstances, our assets may not be sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness and our other indebtedness then outstanding.
in addition, our ability to maintain our credit facilities may also be impacted by changes in our ownership base. more specifically, we may be required to prepay our non-eca and eca facilities if any person acquires ownership of more than 50% of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of our board of directors is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of our board of directors on the first day of such period. our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade, which would require us to offer to repurchase our public debt securities in the event of such change of control.
if we elect to settle conversions of our convertible notes in shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, conversions of our convertible notes will result in dilution for our existing shareholders.
we have an aggregate principal amount of $1.725 billion in convertible notes outstanding. if note holders elect to convert, the notes will be converted into our shares of common stock, cash, or a combination of common stock and cash, at our discretion. prior to march 15 and august 15, 2023, our convertible notes issued june 2020 and october 2020, respectively, will be convertible at the option of holders during certain periods only upon satisfaction of certain conditions. beyond those dates, the convertible notes will be convertible at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding their maturity date. conversions of our convertible notes in shares of our common stock or a combination of common stock and cash, will result in dilution to our shareholders.
we did not declare quarterly dividends on our common stock in 2021 and do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.
no cash dividends were declared on our common stock during the year ended december 31, 2021. we expect that any income received from operations will be devoted to our future operations and recovery. we do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future due to our agreement with certain of our lenders not to pay dividends until the end of the third quarter of 2022. in addition, in the event we thereafter declare a dividend, we will need to repay our debt deferral. payment of dividends would, in any case, depend upon our profitability at the time, cash available for those dividends, and other factors as our board of directors may consider relevant.
increased regulatory oversight, and the phasing out of libor may adversely affect the value of a portion of our indebtedness.
the publication of certain libor settings ceased after december 31, 2021, and uncertainty regarding alternative reference rates remains as many market participants await a wider adoption of replacement products prior to the cessation of the remaining usd libor tenors (currently scheduled for june 30, 2023). when libor ceases to exist, the level of interest payments on the portion of our indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates might be affected if we, the agent, and/or the lenders holding a majority of the outstanding loans or commitments under such indebtedness fail to amend such indebtedness to implement a replacement rate. regardless, such replacement rate will give due consideration to any evolving or then-existing conventions for similar credit facilities, which may result in different than expected interest payments.
macroeconomic, business, market and operational risks adverse worldwide economic or other conditions could reduce the demand for cruises and passenger spending, adversely impacting our operating results, cash flows and financial condition including impairing the value of our goodwill, ships, trademarks and other assets and potentially affecting other critical accounting estimates where the change may be material to our operating results.
in addition to health and safety concerns, demand for cruises is affected by international, national, and local economic conditions. weak or uncertain economic conditions may impact consumer confidence and pose a risk as vacationers postpone or reduce discretionary spending. this, in turn, may result in cruise booking slowdowns, decreased cruise prices and lower onboard revenues. given the global nature of our business, we are exposed to many different economies, and our business could be hurt by challenging conditions in any of our markets. additionally, the continued impact of covid-19 on the financial markets is uncertain and we cannot predict its effect on geopolitical events and/or international trade policies as countries attempt to mitigate the impact of the pandemic and as they re-open their economies or re-implement lockdown measures.
our operating costs could increase due to market forces and economic or geopolitical factors beyond our control.
our operating costs, including fuel, food, payroll and benefits, airfare, taxes, insurance, and security costs, can be and have been subject to increases due to market forces and economic or geopolitical conditions or other factors beyond our control, including the global inflationary pressures that we are currently experiencing and that have increased our operating costs. in connection with the covid-19 pandemic, we've incurred increased operating costs, including as a result of rerouting itineraries due to ports closing or not accepting passengers. increases in these operating costs could adversely affect our future profitability.
any further impairment of our goodwill, long-lived assets, equity investments and notes receivable could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
we evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently when circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. a challenging operating environment (such as is currently being experienced due to the impact of covid-19), conditions affecting consumer demand or spending, the deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions, or other factors could result in a change to the future cash flows we expect to derive from our operations. reductions of cash flows used in the valuation analyses may result in the recording of impairments, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. refer to item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations number for further comments on impairments.
price increases for commercial airline services for our guests or major changes or reduction in commercial airline services and/or availability could adversely impact the demand for cruises and undermine our ability to provide reasonably priced vacation packages to our guests.
many of our guests depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to or from the ports where our cruises embark or disembark. increases in the price of airfare would increase the overall price of the cruise vacation to our guests, which may adversely impact demand for our cruises. in addition, changes in the availability and/or regulations governing commercial airline services, including those resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, have adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect our guests' ability to obtain air travel, as well as our ability to transfer our guests to or from our cruise ships, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
terrorist attacks, war, and other hostilities could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
events such as terrorist attacks, war (or war-like conditions), conflicts (domestic or cross-border), civil unrest and other hostilities, including an escalation in the frequency or severity of incidents, and the resulting political instability, travel restrictions and advisories, and concerns over safety and security aspects of traveling or the fear of any of the foregoing have had, and could have in the future, a significant adverse impact on demand and pricing in the travel and vacation industry. in view of our global operations, we are susceptible to a wide range of adverse events. these events could also result in additional security measures taken by local authorities which may potentially impact access to ports and/or destinations.
disease outbreaks and an increase in concern about the risk of illness could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
disease outbreaks and increased concern related to illness when travelling to, from, and on our ships could cause a drop in demand for cruises, guest cancellations, travel restrictions, an unavailability of ports and/or destinations, cruise cancellations, ship redeployments and an inability to source our crew, provisions or supplies from certain places. in addition, we may be subject to increased concerns that cruises are more susceptible than other vacation alternatives to the spread of infectious diseases such as covid-19. in response to disease outbreaks our industry, including our passengers and crew, may be subject to enhanced health and safety requirements in the future which may be costly and take a significant amount of time to implement across our fleet. for example, local governments may establish their own set of rules for self-quarantines and/or require proof of individuals health status or vaccination prior to or upon visiting. the impact of any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, the new operating protocols we are developing and any other health protocol we may develop or that may be required by law in the future in response to infectious diseases may be costly to develop and implement and may be less effective than we expected in reducing the risk of infection and spread of such disease on our cruise ships, all of which will negatively impact our operations and expose us to reputational and legal risks.
incidents on ships, at port facilities, land destinations and/or affecting the cruise vacation industry in general, and the associated negative media coverage and publicity, have affected and could continue to affect our reputation and impact our sales and results of operations.
cruise ships, private destinations, port facilities and shore excursions operated and/or offered by us and third parties may be susceptible to the risk of accidents, illnesses, mechanical failures, environmental incidents and other incidents which could bring into question safety, health, security and vacation satisfaction and negatively impact our sales, operations and reputation. incidents involving cruise ships, and, in particular the safety, health and security of guests and crew and the media coverage thereof, including those related to the covid-19 pandemic, have impacted and could continue to impact demand for our cruises and pricing in the industry. in particular, we cannot predict the impact on our financial performance and the public's concern regarding the health and safety of travel, especially by cruise ship, and related decreases in demand for travel and cruising. moreover, our ability to attract and retain guests and crew depends, in part, upon the perception and reputation of our company and our brands and the public's concerns regarding the health and safety of travel generally, as well as regarding the cruising industry and our ships specifically. our reputation and our business could also be damaged by continued or additional negative publicity regarding the cruise industry in general, including publicity regarding the spread of contagious disease such as covid-19, over-tourism in key ports and destinations and the potentially adverse environmental impacts of cruising. the considerable expansion in the use of social and digital media has compounded the potential scope and reach of any negative publicity. in addition, incidents involving cruise ships may result in additional costs to our business, increasing government or other regulatory oversight and, in certain cases, potential litigation.
significant weather, climate events and/or natural disasters could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
natural disasters (e.g. earthquakes, volcanos, wildfires), weather and/or climate events (including hurricanes and typhoons) could impact our source markets and operations resulting in travel restrictions, guest cancellations, an inability to source our crew or our provisions and supplies from certain places. we are often forced to alter itineraries and occasionally cancel a cruise or a series of cruises or to redeploy our ships due to these types of events, which could have an adverse effect on our sales, operating costs and profitability in the current and future periods. increases in the frequency, severity or duration of these types of events could exacerbate their impact and disrupt our operations or make certain destinations less desirable or unavailable, impacting our revenues and profitability further. any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and on industry performance.
our sustainability activities, including environmental, social and governance (esg) matters, could result in reputational risks, increased costs and other risks.
customers, investors, lenders, regulators and other industry stakeholders have placed increasing importance on corporate esg practices and on the implications and social cost of their investments, which could cause us to incur additional costs and changes to our operations. if our esg practices or disclosures do not meet investor or industry stakeholders' evolving expectations and standards, our customer, employee and supply chain vendor retention, and our brands and reputation, may be negatively impacted, which could affect our business operations and financial condition. we could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report and comply with various esg practices, which could increase our operating costs and affect our results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, from time to time, we communicate certain initiatives regarding climate change, and other esg matters. we could fail or be perceived to fail to achieve such initiatives, which may negatively affect our reputation. the future adoption of new technology or processes to achieve the initiatives could also result in the impairment of existing assets.
our reliance on shipyards, their subcontractors and our suppliers to implement our newbuild and ship upgrade programs and to repair and maintain our ships exposes us to risks which could adversely impact our business.
we rely on shipyards, their subcontractors and our suppliers to effectively construct our new ships and to repair, maintain, and upgrade our existing ships on a timely basis and in a cost-effective manner. there are a limited number of shipyards with the capability and capacity to build, repair, maintain and/or upgrade our ships. as such, any disruptions affecting the newbuild or fleet modernization supply chain will adversely impact our business as there are limited substitutes.
the covid-19 pandemic has led to suspensions and/or slowdowns of work at certain shipyards, which impacts our ability to construct new ships when and as planned, our ability to timely and cost-effectively procure new capacity, and our ability to execute scheduled drydocks and/or fleet modernizations. the effects of the covid-19 pandemic on the shipyards, their subcontractors, and our suppliers have resulted in delays in our previously scheduled ship deliveries. variations from our plan could have a significant negative impact on our business operations and financial condition.
building, repairing, maintaining and/or upgrading a ship is sophisticated work that involves significant risks. material increases in commodity and raw material prices, and other cost pressures impacting the construction of a new ship, such as the cost of labor and financing, could adversely impact the shipyard's ability to build the ship on a cost-effective basis. we may be impacted if shipyards, their subcontractors, and/or our suppliers encounter financial difficulties, supply chain, technical or design problems when building or repairing a ship. if materialized, these problems could impact the timely delivery or cost of new ships or the ability of shipyards to repair and upgrade our fleet in accordance with our needs or expectations. in addition, delays, mechanical faults and/or unforeseen incidents may result in cancellation of cruises or delays of new ship orders or necessitate unscheduled drydocks. such events could result in lost revenue, increased operating expenses, or both, and thus adversely affect our results of operations.
an increase in capacity worldwide or excess capacity in a particular market could adversely impact our cruise sales and/or pricing.
although our ships can be redeployed, cruise sales and/or pricing may be impacted by the introduction of new ships into the marketplace, reductions in cruise capacity, overall market growth and deployment decisions of ourselves and our competitors. as of december 31, 2021, a total of 78 new ships with approximately 183,000 berths were on order for delivery through 2027 in the cruise industry, including 12 ships currently scheduled to be delivered to us. the further net growth in capacity from these new ships and future orders, without an increase in the cruise industry's demand and/or share of the vacation market, could depress cruise prices and impede our ability to achieve yield improvement. further, cruise prices and yield improvement could face additional pressure due to the pace at which we and other cruise line operators return to service.
in addition, to the extent that we or our competitors deploy ships to a particular itinerary/region and the resulting capacity in that region exceeds the demand, it may negatively affect our pricing and profitability. any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
unavailability of ports of call may adversely affect our results of operations.
we believe that port destinations are a major reason why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. the availability of ports and destinations is affected by a number of factors, including industry demand and competition for key ports and destinations, existing capacity constraints, constraints related to the size of certain ships, security, financial limitations on port development, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, geopolitical developments and local governmental regulations. in light of the covid-19 pandemic, port availability could also be subject to immediate change depending on local and/or onboard disease cases or other government restrictions as well as to limited availability during the resumption of operations. higher fuel costs also may adversely impact the destinations on certain of our itineraries as they become too costly to include.
in addition, certain ports and destinations have faced a surge of both cruise and non-cruise tourism which, in certain cases, has fueled anti-tourism sentiments and related countermeasures to limit the volume of tourists allowed in these destinations. in certain destinations, countermeasures to limit the volume of tourists have been contemplated and/or put into effect, including proposed limits on cruise ships and cruise passengers. potential restrictions in ports and destinations, such as venice, barcelona or key west, could limit the itinerary and destination options we can offer our passengers going forward.
increased demand and competition for key ports of call or destinations, limitations on the availability or feasibility of use of specific ports of call and/or constraints on the availability of shore excursions and other service providers at such ports or destinations could adversely affect our operations and financial results.
we may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market.
we operate in the vacation market and cruising is one of many alternatives for people choosing a vacation. we therefore risk losing business not only to other cruise lines, but also to other vacation operators, which provide other leisure options, including hotels, resorts, internet-based alternative lodging sites and package holidays and tours.
we face significant competition from other cruise lines on the basis of cruise pricing, travel advisor preference and also in terms of the nature of ships, services and destinations that we offer to guests. our principal competitors within the cruise vacation industry include carnival corporation & plc, which owns, among others, aida cruises, carnival cruise line, costa cruises, cunard line, holland america line, p&o cruises, princess cruises and seabourn; disney cruise line; msc cruises; and norwegian cruise line holdings ltd, which owns norwegian cruise line, oceania cruises and regent seven seas cruises. our revenues are sensitive to the actions of other cruise lines in many areas including pricing, scheduling, capacity and promotions, which can have a substantial adverse impact not only on our revenues, but also on overall industry revenues.
in the event that we do not effectively market or differentiate our cruise brands from our competitors or otherwise compete effectively with other vacation alternatives and new or existing cruise companies, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
if we are unable to appropriately balance our cost management and capital allocation strategies with our goal of satisfying guest expectations, it may adversely impact our business success.
our goals are to provide high quality products and deliver high quality services. there can be no assurance that we can successfully balance these goals with our cost management and capital allocation strategies. our business also requires us to make capital allocation decisions across a broad scope of investment options with varying return profiles and time horizons for value realization. these include significant capital investment decisions such as ordering new ships, upgrading our existing fleet, enhancing our technology and/or data capabilities and expanding our portfolio of land-based assets, based on expected market preferences, competition and projected demand. there can be no assurance that our strategies will be successful, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, our ownership and operation of older tonnage, in particular during the business disruption caused by covid-19, has resulted in impaired asset values due to expected returns that we will not be able to recover.
our attempts to expand our business into new markets and new ventures may not be successful.
we opportunistically seek to grow our business through, among other things, expansion into new destinations or source markets and establishment of new ventures complementary to our current offerings. these attempts to expand our business increase the complexity of our business, require significant levels of investment and can strain our management, personnel, operations and systems. in addition, we have been unable to execute our attempts to expand our business as a result of the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, as described elsewhere herein. there can be no assurance that these business expansion efforts will develop as anticipated or that we will succeed, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks associated with our development and operation of key land-based destination projects may adversely impact our business or results of operations.
we have invested, either directly or indirectly through joint ventures and partnerships, in a growing portfolio of key land-based projects including port and terminal facilities, private destinations and multi-brand destination projects. these investments can increase our exposure to certain key risks depending on the scope, location, and the ownership and management structure of these projects. these risks include susceptibility to weather events, exposure to local political/regulatory developments and policies, logistical challenges and human resource and labor risks and safety, environmental, and health risks, including challenges posed by the covid-19 pandemic and its effects locally where we have these projects and relationships.
our reliance on travel advisors to sell and market our cruises exposes us to certain risks which could adversely impact our business.
we rely on travel advisors to generate bookings for our ships. accordingly, we must maintain competitive commission rates and incentive structures. if we fail to offer competitive compensation packages or fail to maintain our relationships, these agencies may be incentivized to sell cruises offered by our competitors, which could adversely impact our operating results. our reliance on third-party sellers is particularly pronounced in certain markets. in addition, the travel advisor community is sensitive to economic conditions that impact discretionary income of consumers. significant disruptions, such as those caused by the covid-19 pandemic, or contractions in the industry could reduce the number of travel advisors available for us to market and sell our cruises, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, the strength of our recovery from suspended operations could be delayed if we are not aligned and partnered with key travel advisors.
business activities that involve our co-investments with third parties may subject us to additional risks.
partnerships, joint ventures and other business structures involving our co-investments with third parties generally include some form of shared control over the operations of the business and create additional risks, including the possibility that other investors in such ventures become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations or could have or develop business interests, policies or objectives that are inconsistent with ours. in addition to financial risks, our co-investment activities have also presented managerial and operational risks and expose us to reputational or legal concerns. these or other issues related to our co-investments with third parties could adversely impact our operations or liquidity. due to the covid-19 pandemic, pullmantur s.a. filed for reorganization under the terms of the spanish insolvency laws. the company may be required to continue to provide funding for these affiliated entities and it is unclear when and to what extent these entities will fully resume operations and our ability to provide such funding will be limited by the level and terms of our outstanding indebtedness. further, due to the arrangements we have in place with our partners in these ventures, we are limited in our ability to control the strategy of these ventures if and when they resume operations, or their use of capital and other key factors to their results of operation which could adversely affect our investments and impact our results of operations.
past or pending business acquisitions or potential acquisitions that we may decide to pursue in the future carry inherent risks which could adversely impact our financial performance and condition.
the company, from time to time, has engaged in acquisitions and may pursue acquisitions in the future, which are subject to, among other factors, the company's ability to identify attractive business opportunities and to negotiate favorable terms for such opportunities. accordingly, the company cannot make any assurances that potential acquisitions will be completed timely or at all, or that if completed, we would realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions. acquisitions also carry inherent risks such as, among others: (i) the potential delay or failure of our efforts to successfully integrate business processes and realizing expected synergies; (ii) difficulty in aligning procedures, controls and/or policies; and (iii) future unknown liabilities and costs that may be associated with an acquisition. in addition, acquisitions may adversely impact our liquidity and/or debt levels, and the recognized value of goodwill and other intangible assets can be negatively affected by unforeseen events and/or circumstances, which may result in an impairment charge. any of the foregoing events could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on supply chain vendors and third-party service providers who are integral to the operations of our businesses. these vendors and service providers are also affected by covid-19 and may be unable or unwilling to deliver on their commitments or may act in ways that could harm our business.
we rely on supply chain vendors to deliver key products to the operations of our businesses around the world. any event impacting a vendor's ability to deliver goods of the expected quality at the location and time needed could negatively impact our ability to deliver our cruise experience. events impacting our supply chain could be caused by factors beyond the control of our suppliers or us, including inclement weather, natural disasters, new laws and regulations, labor actions, increased demand, problems in production or distribution and/or disruptions in third-party logistics or transportation systems, including those caused by the covid-19 pandemic. any such interruptions to our supply chain could increase our costs and could limit the availability of products critical to our operations.
in order to achieve cost and operational efficiencies, we outsource to third-party vendors certain services that are integral to the operations of our global businesses, such as our onboard concessionaires, certain of our call center operations, guest port services, logistics distribution and operation of a large part of our information technology systems, all of which are also affected by the covid-19 pandemic. we are subject to the risk that certain decisions are subject to the control of our third-party service providers and that these decisions may adversely affect our activities. a failure to adequately monitor a third-party service provider's compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements could result in significant economic and reputational harm to us. there is also a risk the confidentiality, privacy and/or security of data held by third parties or communicated over third-party networks or platforms could become compromised.
the potential unavailability of insurance coverage, an inability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or our failure to have coverage in sufficient amounts to cover our incurred losses may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
we seek to maintain appropriate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates. we normally obtain insurance based on the cost of an asset rather than replacement value, and we also elect to self-insure, co-insure, or use deductibles in certain circumstances for certain risks such as loss of use of a ship or other business interruption. the limits of insurance coverage we purchase are based on the availability of the coverage, evaluation of our risk profile and cost of coverage. we do not carry business interruption insurance and accordingly we have no insurance coverage for loss of revenues or earnings from our ships or other operations. accordingly, we are not protected against all risks and cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred which could result in an unexpected decrease in our revenue and results of operations in the event of an incident.
we are members of four protection and indemnity ("p&i") clubs, which are part of a worldwide group of 13 p&i clubs, known as the international group of p&i clubs (the "ig"). p&i coverage provided by the clubs is on a mutual basis, and we are subject to additional premium calls in the event of a catastrophic loss incurred by any member of the 13 p&i clubs, whereby the reinsurance limits purchased by the ig are exhausted. we are also subject to additional premium calls based on investment and underwriting shortfalls experienced by our own individual insurers. certain liabilities, costs, and expenses associated with covid-19 cases identified on or traced to our vessels are eligible for insurance coverage under our participation in these p&i clubs.
we cannot be certain that insurance and reinsurance coverage will be available to us and at commercially reasonable rates in the future or at all or, if available, that it will be sufficient to cover potential claims. additionally, if we or other insureds sustain significant losses, the result may be higher insurance premiums, cancellation of coverage, or the inability to obtain coverage. the covid-19 pandemic, for example, depending on its duration and the associated insurance claims volumes, may potentially impact the insurance markets we rely on for coverage and could adversely impact both the coverage options available to us in the future as well as the premium costs we are required to pay for those coverages. such events could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
disruptions in our shoreside or shipboard operations or our information systems may adversely affect our results of operations.
our principal executive office and principal shoreside operations are located in florida, and we have shoreside offices throughout the world. actual or threatened natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes/typhoons, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires or floods), municipal lockdowns, curfews, quarantines, or similar events in these locations may have a material impact on our business continuity, reputation and results of operations. in addition, substantial or repeated information system failures, computer viruses or cyber attacks impacting our shoreside or shipboard operations could adversely impact our business. we do not generally carry business interruption insurance for our shoreside or shipboard operations or our information systems. as such, any losses or damages incurred by us could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
provisions of our articles of incorporation, by-laws and liberian law could inhibit a change of control and may prevent efforts by our shareholders to change our management.
certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws and liberian law may inhibit third parties from effectuating a change of control of the company without approval from our board of directors which could result in the entrenchment of current management. these include provisions in our articles of incorporation that prevent third parties, other than a. wilhelmsen as and cruise associates and their permitted transferees, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of our outstanding shares without the consent of our board of directors.
compliance and regulatory risks changes in u.s. or other countries' foreign travel policy have affected, and may continue to affect our results of operations.
changes in u.s. foreign policy have in the past and could in the future result in the imposition of travel restrictions or travel bans on u.s. persons to certain countries or result in the imposition of travel advisories, warnings, rules, regulations or legislation exposing us to penalties or claims of monetary damages. in addition, some countries have adopted restrictions against u.s. travelers, and we currently cannot predict when those restrictions will be eased. the timing and scope of these changes and regulations can be unpredictable, and they could cause us to cancel scheduled sailings, possibly on short notice, or could result in litigation against us. this, in turn, could decrease our revenue, increase our operating costs and otherwise impair our profitability.
environmental, labor, health and safety, financial responsibility and other maritime regulations and measures could affect operations and increase operating costs.
the u.s. and various state and foreign government or regulatory agencies have enacted or may enact environmental regulations or policies, such as requiring the use of low sulfur fuels (e.g. imo 2020), that could increase our direct cost to operate in certain markets, increase our cost of fuel, limit the supply of compliant fuel, cause us to incur significant expenses to purchase and/or develop new equipment and adversely impact the cruise vacation industry. while we have taken and expect to continue to take a number of actions to mitigate the potential impact of certain of these regulations, there can be no assurances that these efforts will be successful over the long term.
there is increasing global regulatory focus on climate change, greenhouse gas and other emissions. these regulatory efforts, both internationally and in the u.s., are still developing, and we cannot yet determine what the final regulatory programs or their impact will be. however, such climate change-related regulatory activity in the future may adversely affect our business and financial results by requiring us to reduce our emissions, purchase allowances or otherwise pay for our emissions and may increase our exposure, if any, to climate change-related litigation. such activity may also impact us by increasing our operating costs, including fuel costs.
in addition, we are subject to various international, national, state and local laws, regulations and treaties that govern, among other things, discharge from our ships, safety standards applicable to our ships, treatment of disabled persons, health and sanitary standards applicable to our guests, security standards on board our ships and at the ship/port interface areas, and financial responsibilities to our guests. these issues are, and we believe will continue to be, an area of focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world. this could result in the enactment of more stringent regulation of cruise ships that could subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future and may increase our exposure, if any, to environmental-related litigation.
some environmental groups also have generated negative publicity about the environmental impact of the cruise vacation industry and are advocating for more stringent regulation of ship emissions at berth and at sea. growing environmental scrutiny of the cruise industry and any related measures could adversely impact our operations and financial results and subject us to reputational impacts and costs.
a change in our tax status under the u.s. internal revenue code, or other jurisdictions, may have adverse effects on our results of operations.
royal caribbean cruises ltd. and a number of our subsidiaries are foreign corporations that derive income from a u.s. trade or business and/or from sources within the u.s. in connection with the year end audit, each year, faegre drinker biddle & reath llp, our u.s. tax counsel, delivers to us an opinion, based on certain representations and assumptions set forth in it, to the effect that this income, to the extent derived from or incidental to the international operation of a ship or ships, is excluded from gross income for u.s. federal income tax purposes pursuant to section 883 of the internal revenue code. we believe that most of our income (including that of our subsidiaries) is derived from or incidental to the international operation of ships.
our ability to rely on section 883 could be challenged or could change in the future. provisions of the internal revenue code, including section 883, are subject to legislative change at any time. moreover, changes could occur in the future with respect to the identity, residence or holdings of our direct or indirect shareholders, trading volume or trading frequency of our shares, or relevant foreign tax laws of liberia or the bahamas, such that they no longer qualify as equivalent exemption jurisdictions, that could affect our eligibility for the section 883 exemption. accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be exempt from u.s. income tax on u.s. source shipping income in the future. if we were not entitled to the benefit of section 883, we and our subsidiaries would be subject to u.s. taxation on a portion of the income derived from or incidental to the international operation of our ships, which would reduce our net income.
additionally, portions of our business are operated by companies that are within the united kingdom tonnage tax regime. further, some of our operations are conducted in jurisdictions where we rely on tax treaties to provide exemption from taxation. to the extent the united kingdom tonnage tax laws change or we do not continue to meet the applicable qualification requirements or if tax treaties are changed or revoked, we may be required to pay higher income tax in these jurisdictions, adversely impacting our results of operations.
as budgetary constraints continue to adversely impact the jurisdictions in which we operate, increases in income tax regulations, tax audits or tax reform affecting our operations may be imposed.
we are not a u.s. corporation and, as a result, our shareholders may be subject to the uncertainties of a foreign legal system in protecting their interests.
our corporate affairs are governed by our articles of incorporation and by-laws and by the business corporation act of liberia. the provisions of the business corporation act of liberia resemble provisions of the corporation laws of a number of states in the u.s. however, there are very few judicial cases in liberia interpreting the business corporation act of liberia. while the business corporation act of liberia provides that it is to be applied and construed to make the laws of liberia, with respect of the subject matter of the business corporation act of liberia, uniform with the laws of the state of delaware and other states with substantially similar legislative provisions (and adopts their case law to the extent it is non-conflicting), there have been few liberian court cases interpreting the business corporation act of liberia, and we cannot predict whether liberian courts would reach the same conclusions as united states courts. we understand that legislation has been proposed but not yet adopted by the liberian legislature which amends the provisions regarding the adoption of non-liberian law to, among other things, provide for the adoption of the statutory and case law of delaware and not also states with substantially similar legislative provisions, and potentially provide the courts of liberia discretion in application of non-statutory corporation law of delaware in cases when the laws of liberia are silent. the right of shareholders to bring a derivative action in liberian courts may be more limited than in u.s. jurisdictions. there may also be practical difficulties for shareholders attempting to bring suit in liberia, and liberian courts may or may not recognize and enforce foreign judgments. thus, our shareholders may have more difficulty challenging actions taken by management, directors or controlling shareholders than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a u.s. jurisdiction.
general risk factors conducting business globally may result in increased costs and other risks.
we operate our business globally, which exposes us to a number of risks, including increased exposure to a wider range of regional and local economic conditions, volatile local political conditions, potential changes in duties and taxes, including changing and/or uncertain interpretations of existing tax laws and regulations, required compliance with additional laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses or governing the operations of foreign-based companies, currency fluctuations, interest rate movements, difficulties in operating under local business environments, port quality and availability in certain regions, u.s. and global anti-bribery laws and regulations, imposition of trade barriers and restrictions on repatriation of earnings.
our future growth strategies increasingly depend on the growth and sustained profitability of international markets. factors that will be critical to our success in these markets include our ability to continue to raise awareness of our products and our ability to adapt our offerings to best suit rapidly evolving consumer demands. this risk is further heightened by the covid-19 pandemic, as authorities in many of these markets have implemented numerous measures to contain the spread and impact of covid-19, such as travel bans and restrictions, shelter-in-place/stay-at-home orders, and other limitations on business activity, including business closures. in addition, these measures could change unpredictably and/or could be scaled up or down in response to evolving intensity or resurgence of covid-19 and related variants in or around these markets. the execution of our planned growth strategies is dependent on meeting the governmental and regulatory measures and policies in each of these markets. our ability to realize our future growth strategy is highly dependent on our ability to satisfy country-specific policies and requirements in order to return to service, as well as meet the needs of region-specific consumer preferences as services come back online. these factors may cause us to reevaluate some of our international business strategies.
operating globally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal, regulatory and tax requirements. in many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. these legal and regulatory requirements and standards may change in response to the covid-19 pandemic, and there may be greater uncertainty as to the interpretation and enforcement of applicable laws and regulations, including those introduced in response to the covid-19 pandemic. we cannot guarantee consistent interpretation, application, and enforcement of rules and regulations put in place in response to the covid-19 pandemic, which could place limits on our operations or increase our costs, as well as negatively impact our future growth strategies in our key growth markets. we must adhere to policies designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance as well as applicable laws and regulations. however, we might not be successful in ensuring that our employees, agents, representatives and other third parties with whom we associate properly adhere to applicable laws and regulations. in addition, we may be exposed to the risk of penalties and other liabilities if we fail to comply with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements introduced in response to the covid-19 pandemic, which may be subject to frequent and rapid change. failure by us, our employees or any of these third parties to adhere to our policies or applicable laws or regulations could result in penalties, sanctions, damage to our reputation and related costs, which in turn could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows.
as a global operator, our business also may be impacted by changes in u.s. policy or priorities in areas such as trade, immigration (including any continuation of any of the immigration policies put in place by the u.s. government in response to the covid-19 pandemic) and/or environmental or labor regulations, among others. depending on the nature and scope of any such changes, they could impact our domestic and international business operations. any such changes, and any international response to them, could potentially introduce new barriers to passenger or crew travel and/or cross border transactions, impact our guest experience and/or increase our operating costs.
if we are unable to address these risks adequately, our financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected, including impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
the terms of our existing debt financing gives, and any future preferred equity or debt financing may give, holders of any preferred securities or debt securities rights that are senior to rights of our common shareholders.
the holders of our existing debt have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock in the event of liquidation. if we incur additional debt or raise equity through the issuance of preferred stock or convertible securities, the terms of the debt or the preferred stock issued may give the holders rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock, particularly in the event of liquidation. if we raise funds through the issuance of additional equity, the ownership percentage of our existing shareholders would be diluted.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates could affect our financial results.
we are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates. significant changes in any of the foregoing could have a material impact on our financial results, net of the impact of our hedging activities and natural offsets. our operating results have been and will continue to be impacted, often significantly, by changes in each of these factors.
a portion of our indebtedness bears interest at variable rates that are linked to changing market interest rates. as a result, an increase in market interest rates would increase our interest expense and our debt service obligations. as of december 31, 2021, we had approximately $7.4 billion of indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates. this amount represented approximately 34.3% of our total indebtedness. as of december 31, 2021, a hypothetical 1% increase in prevailing interest rates would increase our forecasted 2022 interest expense by approximately $48.7 million.
additionally, the value of our earnings in foreign currencies is adversely impacted by a strong u.s. dollar. in addition, any significant increase in fuel prices could materially and adversely affect our business as fuel prices impact not only our fuel costs, but also some of our other expenses, such as crew travel, freight, and commodity prices. mandatory fuel restrictions may also create uncertainty related to the price and availability of certain fuel types potentially impacting operating costs and the value of our related hedging instruments.
the loss of key personnel, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel, or disruptions among our shipboard personnel could adversely affect our results of operations.
our success depends, in large part, on the skills and contributions of key executives and other employees and on our ability to recruit, develop and retain high quality personnel as well as having adequate succession plans and back-up operating plans for when critical executives are unable to serve. as demand for qualified personnel in the industry grows, we must continue to effectively recruit, train, motivate and retain our employees, both shoreside and on our ships, in order to effectively compete in our industry, maintain our current business and support our projected global growth.
we are experiencing difficulty in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel as a result of covid-19, the reduction in our workforce during our suspension of cruise operations, general macroeconomic conditions and a competitive labor market. our ability to rehire crew may be negatively impacted by increasing demands related to our health and safety protocols, including vaccine requirements, and by a reduced labor supply as previous crew may have obtained alternative employment during our suspension of cruise operations. a prolonged shortage of qualified personnel and/or increased turnover could decrease our ability to operate our business in an optimal manner. the shortage and competitive labor market may result in increased costs if we need to hire temporary personnel, and/or increased wages and/or benefits in order to attract and retain employees, all of which may negatively impact our results of operations.
as of december 31, 2021, approximately 86% of our shipboard employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. a dispute under our collective bargaining agreements could result in a work stoppage of those employees covered by the agreements. we may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate these collective bargaining agreements when they expire. in addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage on our ships. we may also be subject to or affected by work stoppages unrelated to our business or collective bargaining agreements. any such work stoppages or potential work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, as could a loss of key employees, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or disruptions among our personnel.
if we are unable to keep pace with developments in technology, including technology in response to the covid-19 pandemic, our operations or competitive position could become impaired.
our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems. these technologies and systems require significant investment and must be proven, refined, updated, upgraded and/or replaced with more advanced systems in order to continue to meet our customers' demands and expectations. if we are unable to do so in a timely manner or within reasonable cost parameters or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business could suffer. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, which could result in higher than anticipated costs or impair our operating results.
in response to covid-19, we have relied on technology to assist with mitigating the risk of covid-19 for our passengers and crew. for example, we have deployed our patented emuster technology across our fleet in an effort to minimize congregate settings onboard. additionally, on certain vessels we have deployed our patented contact tracing technology in an effort to quickly identify close contacts of cases onboard. as this technology continues to develop we may be faced with technical constraints or development decisions. we may be unable to obtain appropriate technology in a timely manner or at all or we may incur significant costs in doing so. a failure to adopt the appropriate technology, or a failure or obsolescence in the technology that we do adopt, could adversely affect our results of operations.
we are exposed to cyber security attacks and data breaches and the risks and costs associated with protecting our systems and maintaining data integrity and security.
we are subject to cyber security attacks. these cyber attacks can vary in scope and intent from attacks with the objective of compromising our systems, networks, and communications for economic gain or with the objective of disrupting, disabling or otherwise compromising our maritime and/or shoreside operations. the attacks can encompass a wide range of methods and intent, including phishing attacks, illegitimate requests for payment, theft of intellectual property, theft of confidential or non-public information, installation of malware, installation of ransomware and theft of personal or business information. the frequency and sophistication of, and methods used to conduct, these attacks, have increased over time.
a successful cyber security attack may target us directly, or it may be the result of a third party's inadequate care, or resulting from vulnerabilities in licensed software. in either scenario, the company may suffer damage to its systems and data that could interrupt our operations, adversely impact our brand reputation, and expose us to increased risks of governmental investigation, litigation, fines, and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. furthermore, responding to such an attack and mitigating the risk of future attacks could result in additional operating and capital costs in technology, personnel, monitoring and other investments.
we are also subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage, and transmission of sensitive information. in the regular course of business, we collect employee, customer, and other third-party data, including personally identifiable information and individual payment data, for various business purposes. although we have policies and procedures in place to safeguard such sensitive information, this information has been and could be subject to cyber security attacks and the aforementioned risks. in addition, we are subject to federal, state, and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information and individual payment data. those laws include, among others, the european union general data protection regulation and regulations of the new york state department of financial services and similar state agencies that impose additional cyber security requirements as a result of our provision of certain insurance products. complying with these and other applicable laws has caused, and may cause, us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices, and our failure to do so may expose us to substantial fines, penalties, restrictions, litigation, or other expenses and adversely affect our business. further, any changes to laws or regulations, including new restrictions or requirements applicable to our business, or an increase in enforcement of existing laws and regulations, could expose us to additional costs and liability and could limit our use and disclosure of such information.
while we continue to evolve our cyber security practices in line with our business' reliance on technology and the changing external threat landscape, and we invest time, effort, and financial resources to secure our systems, networks and communications, our security measures cannot provide absolute assurance that we will be successful in preventing or defending from all cyber security attacks impacting our operation. there can be no assurance that any breach or incident will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results.
any breach, theft, loss, or fraudulent use of guest, employee, third-party or company data, could adversely impact our reputation and brand and our ability to retain or attract new customers, and expose us to risks of data loss, business disruption, governmental investigation, litigation and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy the problem and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. further, if we or our vendors experience significant data security breaches or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant data security breaches, we could be exposed to government enforcement actions and private litigation.
litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and/or damage our reputation.
our business is subject to various u.s. and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. in addition, improper conduct by our employees, agents or joint venture partners could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. in certain circumstances it may not be economical to defend against such matters and/or our legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, increases in litigation pertaining to the covid-19 crisis, including potential claims for non-refundable cash deposits. we cannot predict the quantum or outcome of any such proceedings and the impact that they will have on our financial results, but any such impact may be material. while some of these claims are covered by insurance, we cannot be certain that all of them will be, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary note concerning forward-looking statements the discussion under this caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and elsewhere in this document, includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. all statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our expectations for future periods, business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position, made in this annual report on form 10-k are forward-looking. words such as "anticipate," "believe," "considering," "could," "driving," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "intend," "may," "plan," "project," "seek," "should," "will" and similar expressions are intended to further identify any of these forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations but they are based on judgments and are inherently uncertain. furthermore, they are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this annual report on form 10-k and, in particular, the risks discussed under the caption risk factors" in part i, item 1a herein.
all forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k speak only as of the date of this document. given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
overview the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is organized to present the following:
•a review of our critical accounting policies and estimates and of our financial presentation, including discussion of certain operational and financial metrics we utilize to assist us in managing our business;
•a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020;
•a discussion of our business outlook, and
•a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources, including our future capital and contractual commitments and potential funding sources.
a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 is included in part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, filed with the sec on february 26, 2021 and is incorporated by reference into this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). (refer to note 1. general and note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data). certain of our accounting policies are deemed "critical," as they require management's highest degree of judgment, estimates and assumptions. we have discussed these accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. we believe our most critical accounting policies and estimates are as follows:
liquidity and covid-19
the effects of covid-19 have had and continue to have a material negative impact on our operations, financial results and liquidity. the full extent of the impact will be determined by the length of time covid-19 influences our industry and our gradual return to service. given the ongoing effects of covid-19 on our operations and global bookings, we have identified the estimation of our future liquidity requirements as a critical accounting policy.
•expected continued gradual resumption of cruise operations;
•expected sustained increase in revenue per available passenger cruise day during our continued resumption of cruise operations;
•expected lower than comparable historical occupancy levels during our continued resumption of cruise operations, increasing over time until we reach historical occupancy levels; and
•expected spend during our continued resumption of cruise operations, including returning our crew members to our vessels and maintaining enhanced health and safety protocols.
the assumptions used to estimate our liquidity requirements are frequently and continuously evaluated because of the unprecedented environment that we are experiencing due to covid-19. in addition, the magnitude, duration and speed of the global pandemic continues to be uncertain. as a result, we have made reasonable estimates and judgments of the impact of covid-19 on our liquidity within our financial statements and there may be changes to those estimates in future periods.
we have taken and will continue to take actions to improve our liquidity, including:
•reduction of capital expenditures;
•reduction of operating expenses in 2020 and 2021 during the suspension of our global cruise operations (including furloughing staff and laying up vessels);
•amending credit agreements to defer payments and covenant requirements, as well as extend maturity dates;
•raising capital through debt and stock issuances; and
•suspending dividend payments.
ship accounting ships represent our most significant assets and are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. depreciation of ships is generally computed net of a 10%-15% projected residual value, using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, which is generally 30-35 years. the 30-35 year useful life and 10%-15% residual value is the weighted-average of all major components of a ship. our useful life and residual value estimates take into consideration the impact of anticipated technological changes, long-term cruise and vacation market conditions and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. in addition, we take into consideration our estimates of the weighted-average useful lives of the ships' major component systems, such as hull, superstructure, main electric, engines and cabins. we employ a cost allocation methodology at the component level, in order to support the estimated weighted-average useful lives and residual values, as well as to determine the net cost basis of assets being replaced. given the very large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. we do not have cost segregation studies performed to specifically componentize our ship systems. however, we estimate the costs, useful lives and residual values of component systems based principally on general and technical information known about major ship component systems and their lives, as well as our knowledge of the cruise vacation industry. we do not identify and track depreciation by ship component systems, but instead utilize these estimates to determine the net cost basis of assets replaced or refurbished. improvement costs that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized as additions to the ship and depreciated over the shorter of the improvements' estimated useful lives or that of the associated ship. the estimated cost and accumulated depreciation of replaced or refurbished ship components are written off and any resulting losses are recognized within cruise operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.
we periodically review estimated useful lives and residual values for ongoing reasonableness, considering long term views on our intended use of each class of ships and the planned level of improvements to maintain and enhance vessels within those classes. in the event a factor is identified that may trigger a change in the estimated useful lives and residual values of our ships, a review of the estimate is completed.
we use the deferral method to account for drydocking costs. under the deferral method, drydocking costs incurred are deferred and charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the period to the next scheduled drydock, which we estimate to be a period of thirty to sixty months based on the vessel's age as required by class. deferred drydock costs consist of the costs to drydock the vessel and other costs incurred in connection with the drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification. class certification is necessary in order for our cruise ships to be flagged in a specific country, obtain liability insurance and legally operate as passenger cruise ships. the activities associated with those drydocking costs cannot be performed while the vessel is in service and, as such, are done during a drydock as a planned major maintenance activity. the significant deferred drydock costs consist of hauling and wharfage services provided by the drydock facility, hull inspection and related activities (e.g., scraping, pressure cleaning, bottom painting), maintenance to steering propulsion, thruster equipment and ballast tanks, port services such as tugs, pilotage and line handling, and freight associated with these items. we perform a detailed analysis of the various activities performed for each drydock and only defer those costs that are directly related to planned major maintenance activities necessary to maintain class. the costs deferred are related to activities not otherwise routinely periodically performed to maintain a vessel's designed and intended operating capability. repairs and maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred.
we use judgment when estimating the period between drydocks, which can result in adjustments to the estimated amortization of drydock costs. if the vessel is disposed of before the next drydock, the remaining balance in deferred drydock is written-off to the gain or loss on disposal of vessel in the period in which the sale takes place. we also use judgment when identifying costs incurred during a drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification as compared to those costs attributable to repairs and maintenance which are expensed as incurred.
we believe we have made reasonable estimates for ship accounting purposes. however, should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of ship useful lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially higher or lower. if circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. if we had reduced our estimated average ship useful life by one year, depreciation expense for 2021 would have increased by approximately $48.0 million. if our ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for 2021 would have increased by approximately $261.7 million. we have evaluated our estimated ship useful lives and projected residual values in light of our current environment and determined that there are no changes to these estimates based on our gradual return to service.
business combinations on july 31, 2018, we acquired a 66.7% equity stake ("the 2018 acquisition") in silversea cruises, previously known as silversea cruises holding ltd., an ultra-luxury and expedition cruise line, from heritage cruise holding ltd. ("heritage"), previously known as silversea cruises group ltd. the purchase price for the 2018 acquisition consisted of $1.02 billion in cash, net of assumed liabilities, and contingent consideration due to heritage. the fair value of the contingent consideration at the time of the 2018 acquisition was $44.0 million. changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration were recorded in our results of operations, if any, in the period of the change prior to its termination.
on july 9, 2020, we acquired the remaining 33.3% interest in silversea cruises that we did not already own (the "noncontrolling interest") from heritage. as a result of the acquisition of the noncontrolling interest, silversea cruises is now a wholly owned cruise brand. refer to note 1. general to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information regarding acquisition of silversea cruises' noncontrolling interest.
we account for business combinations in accordance with asc 805, business combinations, by applying the acquisition method of accounting. the acquisition method of accounting requires that we record the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the noncontrolling interest, if any, at their respective fair values at the acquisition date. goodwill is recognized as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired. significant estimates and assumptions are made by management to value such assets and liabilities based on third party valuations such as appraisals or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques. although we believe that those estimates and assumptions are reasonable and appropriate, they are inherently uncertain and subject to change. if during the measurement period (not to exceed one year), additional information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date related to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we may adjust our estimates to account for subsequent adjustments to the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date, resulting in an offsetting adjustment to the goodwill associated with the business acquired. our purchase price measurement period for the silversea cruises 2018 acquisition was closed during 2019.
uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances are initially established in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. additionally, any contingent consideration is estimated at fair value at the acquisition date. liability-classified contingent consideration is remeasured each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings until the contingent consideration is settled.
valuation of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or, when events or circumstances dictate, more frequently. the impairment review for goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely than-not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value, and if necessary, a goodwill impairment test. factors to consider when performing the qualitative assessment include general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, changes in forecasted operating results, changes in fuel prices and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
the goodwill impairment analysis consists of a comparison of the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value. we typically estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow model, which may also include a combination of a market-based valuation approach. the estimation of fair value utilizing discounted expected future cash flows includes numerous uncertainties which require our significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues, operating costs, marketing, selling and administrative expenses, interest rates, ship additions and retirements as well as assumptions regarding the cruise vacation industry's competitive environment and general economic and business conditions, among other factors. the principal assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model for our 2021 impairment assessments were:
•forecasted net revenues, primarily the timing of returning to normalized operations, occupancy rates from existing and expected ship deliveries, and terminal growth rate; and
•weighted average cost of capital (i.e., discount rate).
the discounted cash flow model uses the most current projected operating results for the upcoming fiscal year as a base. we discount the projected cash flows using rates specific to the reporting unit based on its weighted-average cost of capital.
if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, no write-down of goodwill is required. as amended by asu no. 2017-04, intangibles - goodwill and other (topic 350) - simplifying the test for goodwill impairment, if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of its net assets, an impairment is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to such reporting unit.
the impairment review for indefinite-life intangible assets can be performed using a qualitative or quantitative impairment assessment. the quantitative assessment consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset with its carrying value. we estimate the fair value of these assets using a discounted cash flow model and various valuation methods depending on the nature of the intangible asset, such as the relief-from-royalty method, for trademarks and trade names. the principal assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model for our 2021 impairment assessments were:
•forecasted net revenues, primarily the timing of returning to normalized operations, occupancy rates from existing and expected ship deliveries and terminal growth rate;
•royalty rate; and
•weighted average cost of capital (i.e., discount rate).
if the carrying value exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. if the fair value exceeds its carrying value, the indefinite-life intangible asset is not considered impaired. other intangible assets assigned finite useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. refer to note 5. intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data for further information on indefinite-life intangible assets.
we review our ships and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate, based on recent and projected cash flow performance and remaining useful lives, that the carrying value of these assets may not be fully recoverable. we evaluate asset impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. the lowest level for which we maintain identifiable cash flows that are independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities is at the ship level for our ships. if estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset, an impairment charge is recognized to the extent its carrying value exceeds fair value. refer to note 6. property and equipment to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data for further information on determination of fair value for long-lived assets.
we estimate fair value based on quoted market prices in active markets, if available. if active markets are not available, we base fair value on independent appraisals, sales price negotiations and projected future cash flows discounted at a rate estimated by management to be commensurate with the business risk. quoted market prices are often not available for individual reporting units and for indefinite-life intangible assets. accordingly, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit and an indefinite-life intangible asset using an expected present value technique.
as a result of our voluntary suspension of global cruise operations effective march 2020 in response to the covid-19 outbreak and our gradual resumption of cruise operations during 2021, we performed interim impairment evaluations, in addition to our annual impairment reviews, of certain of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets in connection with the preparation of our 2021 and 2020 quarterly and annual financial statements, as further discussed below.
royal caribbean international reporting unit we performed interim impairment evaluations of royal caribbean international's goodwill in connection with the preparation of our quarterly financial statements for the periods ended march 31, 2020 and june 30, 2020 due to the significant impact that covid-19 had on our projected cash flows and triggering events identified in those quarters.the fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit as of march 31, 2020 was determined using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model and for june 30, 2020 we used a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model in combination with a market-based valuation approach. as a result of the tests, we determined that the fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately 30% and 8% as of march 31, 2020 and june 30, 2020, respectively, resulting in no impairment to the royal caribbean international goodwill in those periods. we did not perform an interim impairment evaluation of royal caribbean international's goodwill subsequent to the quarter ended june 30, 2020 during 2020 or 2021, as no triggering events were identified.
during the fourth quarters of 2021 and 2020, we performed our annual impairment review of goodwill for royal caribbean international's reporting unit. we did not perform qualitative assessments but instead proceeded directly to the goodwill impairment tests. as of november 30, 2021, the fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit was determined using a discounted cash flow model in combination with a market-based valuation approach. as november 30, 2020, we used a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model in combination with a market-based valuation approach. as a result of the tests, we determined the fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately 38% and 14% as of november 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, resulting in no impairment to royal caribbean international's goodwill. the carrying value of goodwill attributable to our royal caribbean reporting unit was $296.5 million and $296.6 million as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
silversea cruises reporting unit we performed interim impairment evaluations of silversea cruises' goodwill and trade name in connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the quarter ended march 31, 2020. as a result of these analyses, we determined that the carrying value of the silversea cruises reporting unit exceeded its fair value. similarly, we determined that the carrying value of silversea cruises' trade name exceeded its fair value. accordingly, upon the completion of the impairment tests, we recognized impairment charges of $576.2 million and $30.8 million for goodwill and the trade name, respectively, during the quarter ended march 31, 2020. we estimated the fair value of the silversea cruises reporting unit using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model in combination with a market-based valuation approach. we did not perform an interim impairment evaluation of silversea cruises's goodwill or trade names subsequent to the quarter ended march 31, 2020 during 2020 or 2021, as no triggering events were identified.
during the fourth quarters of 2021 and 2020, we performed our annual impairment review of silversea cruises goodwill. we did not perform qualitative assessments but instead proceeded directly to the goodwill impairment tests. as of november 30, 2021, the fair value of the silversea cruises reporting unit was determined using a discounted cash flow model in combination with a market-based valuation approach. as of november 30, 2020, we used a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model in combination with a market-based valuation approach. as a result of the tests, we determined the fair value of the silversea cruises reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately 35% and 12% as of november 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, resulting in no impairment to silversea cruises' goodwill. the carrying value of goodwill attributable to our silversea cruises reporting unit was $508.6 million as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020.
during the fourth quarters of 2021 and 2020, we performed our annual impairment reviews of silversea cruises trade name. as a result of the quantitative tests, we determined that the fair value of the silversea cruises' trade name exceeded its carrying value by approximately 19% and 3%, as of november 30, 2021 and november 30, 2020, respectively, resulting in no impairment to silversea cruises' trade name.
as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, the carrying value of indefinite-life intangible assets was $321.5 million, which primarily relates to the silversea cruises trade name.
long-lived assets events surrounding the covid-19 pandemic negatively impacted the expected undiscounted cash flows of certain of our long-lived assets. we evaluated these assets during the years ended 2021 and 2020 pursuant to our long-lived asset impairment test which resulted in no impairment charges for the year ended december 31, 2021 and $464.2 million of impairment charges during the year ended december 31, 2020 to write down certain ships operated by our global brands to their estimated fair values. the amount also includes impairment charges for ships that our global brands disposed of during 2020 as well as the three azamara ships.
we also recorded impairment charges of $171.3 million during the year ended december 31, 2020 for the three ships that we chartered to pullmantur holdings prior to the filing of the pullmantur reorganization. during the quarter ended september 30, 2020, we sold the ships to third parties for amounts approximating their carrying values and no further impairment was recorded. refer to note 6. property and equipment and note 7. other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data for further information regarding impairment of the ships and pullmantur's reorganization.
during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, we also determined that certain construction in progress projects would be reduced in scope or would no longer be completed due to the impact covid-19 has had on our operations. this led to impairment charges of construction in progress assets of $51.6 million and $91.5 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively, as reported in property and equipment, net.
in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2020, we identified that the undiscounted cash flows for certain right-of-use assets were less than their carrying values due to the negative impact of covid-19. we evaluated these assets pursuant to our long-lived asset impairment test, resulting in an impairment charge of $65.9 million to write down these assets to their estimated fair values during the year ended december 31, 2020. for the year ended december 31, 2021, there was no resulting impairment to right-of-use assets.
the combined impairment charge of $55.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, related to construction in progress and other long-lived assets, and $1.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily related to our goodwill, trademarks and trade names, vessels, construction in progress, and right-of-use assets, are reported within impairment and credit losses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive (loss) income. these impairment assessments and the resulting charges were determined based on management's current estimates and projections using information through the time of the issuance of these financial statements. the adverse impact that covid-19 will continue to have on our business, operating results, cash flows and overall financial condition is uncertain and may result in changes to the assumptions used in the impairment tests discussed above, which may result in additional impairments of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets in the future. refer to risk factors in part 1, item 1a. for further discussion on risks related to the covid-19 pandemic.
derivative instruments we enter into various forward, swap and option contracts to manage our interest rate exposure and to limit our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. these instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value and the vast majority are designated as hedges. we also use non-derivative financial instruments designated as hedges of our net investment in our foreign operations and investments. although some of our derivative financial instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting or are not accounted for under hedge accounting, we do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. we account for derivative financial instruments in accordance with authoritative guidance. refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies and note 16. fair value measurements and derivative instruments to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on related authoritative guidance, the company's hedging programs and derivative financial instruments.
on a regular basis, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps, fuel swaps and options with third-party institutions in over-the-counter markets. we estimate the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swaps using expected future cash flows based on the instruments' contract terms and published forward prices for foreign currency exchange and interest rates. we value floors which are embedded within our interest rate swaps using standard option pricing models with inputs based on the options' contract terms, such as exercise price and maturity, and readily available market data, such as forward interest rates and interest rate volatility. we apply present value techniques to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments.
we estimate the fair value of our fuel swaps using expected future cash flows based on the swaps' contract terms and forward prices. we derive forward prices from published forward fuel curves which in turn are based on actual market transactions and published price quotes for similar assets. we apply present value techniques to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments. we also corroborate our fair value estimates using valuations provided by our counterparties.
we adjust the valuation of our derivative financial instruments to incorporate credit risk.
we believe it is unlikely that materially different estimates for the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps, fuel swaps and options would be derived from other appropriate valuation models using similar assumptions, inputs or conditions suggested by actual historical experience.
the prior suspension of our cruise operations due to the covid-19 pandemic and our gradual resumption of cruise operations has resulted in reductions to our forecasted fuel purchases. during the year ended december 31, 2021, we discontinued cash flow hedge accounting on 0.2 million metric tons of our fuel swap agreements maturing in 2021 and 2022, which resulted in the reclassification of a net $0.7 million loss from accumulated other comprehensive loss to other income (expense). during the year ended december 31, 2020, we discontinued cash flow hedge accounting on 0.6 million metric tons of our fuel swap agreements maturing in 2020 and 2021, which resulted in the reclassification of a net $104.4 million loss from accumulated other comprehensive loss to other income (expense). changes in the fair value of fuel swaps for which cash flow hedge accounting was discontinued are currently recognized in other income (expense) each reporting period through the maturity dates of the fuel swaps.
future suspension of our operations or modifications to our itineraries may affect our expected forecasted fuel purchases which could result in further discontinuance of fuel swap cash flow hedge accounting and the reclassification of deferred gains or losses from accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings.  refer to risk factors in part 1, item 1a. for further discussion on risks related to the covid-19 pandemic.
contingencies-litigation on an ongoing basis, we assess the potential liabilities related to any lawsuits or claims brought against us. while it is typically difficult to determine the timing and ultimate outcome of such actions, we use our best judgment to determine if it is probable that we will incur an expense related to the settlement or final adjudication of such matters and whether a reasonable estimation of such probable loss, if any, can be made. in assessing probable losses, we take into consideration estimates of the amount of insurance recoveries, if any, which are recorded as assets when recoverability is probable. we accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. due to the inherent uncertainties related to the eventual outcome of litigation and potential insurance recoveries, it is possible that certain matters may be resolved for amounts materially different from any provisions or disclosures that we have previously made.
seasonality our revenues are seasonal based on demand for cruises. demand is strongest for cruises during the northern hemisphere's summer months and holidays. in order to mitigate the impact of the winter weather in the northern hemisphere and to capitalize on the summer season in the southern hemisphere, our brands have focused on deployment to the caribbean, asia and australia during that period.
financial presentation description of certain line items revenues our revenues are comprised of the following:
•passenger ticket revenues, which consist of revenue recognized from the sale of passenger tickets and the sale of air transportation to and from our ships; and
•onboard and other revenues, which consist primarily of revenues from the sale of goods and/or services onboard our ships not included in passenger ticket prices, cancellation fees, sales of vacation protection insurance, pre- and post-cruise tours and fees for operating certain port facilities. onboard and other revenues also include revenues we receive from independent third party concessionaires that pay us a percentage of their revenues in exchange for the right to provide selected goods and/or services onboard our ships, as well as revenues received for our bareboat charter, procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates.
cruise operating expenses our cruise operating expenses are comprised of the following:
•commissions, transportation and other expenses, which consist of those costs directly associated with passenger ticket revenues, including travel advisor commissions, air and other transportation expenses, port costs that vary with passenger head counts and related credit card fees;
•onboard and other expenses, which consist of the direct costs associated with onboard and other revenues, including the costs of products sold onboard our ships, vacation protection insurance premiums, costs associated with pre- and post-cruise tours and related credit card fees as well as the minimal costs associated with concession revenues, as the costs are mostly incurred by third-party concessionaires and costs incurred for the procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates;
•payroll and related expenses, which consist of costs for shipboard personnel (costs associated with our shoreside personnel are included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses);
•food expenses, which include food costs for both guests and crew;
•fuel expenses, which include fuel and related delivery, storage and emission consumable costs and the financial impact of fuel swap agreements; and
•other operating expenses, which consist primarily of operating costs such as repairs and maintenance, port costs that do not vary with passenger head counts, vessel related insurance, entertainment and gains and/or losses related to the sale of our ships, if any.
we do not allocate payroll and related expenses, food expenses, fuel expenses or other operating expenses to the expense categories attributable to passenger ticket revenues or onboard and other revenues since they are incurred to provide the total cruise vacation experience.
selected operational and financial metrics we utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics which are defined below to evaluate our performance and financial condition. as discussed in more detail herein, certain of these metrics are non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are provided along with the related gaap financial measures as we believe they provide useful information to investors as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with gaap. the presentation of non-gaap financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with gaap.
adjusted (loss) earnings per share ("adjusted eps") represents adjusted net (loss) income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. (as defined below) divided by weighted average shares outstanding or by diluted weighted average shares outstanding, as applicable. we believe that this non-gaap measure is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis.
adjusted net (loss) income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. represents net (loss) income less net income attributable to noncontrolling interest excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis. for the periods presented, these items included (i) loss on the extinguishment of debt; (ii) the amortization of non-cash debt discount on our convertible notes; (iii) the estimated cash refund expected to be paid to pullmantur guests and other expenses incurred as part of the pullmantur s.a. reorganization; (iv) impairment and credit losses recognized as a result of the impact of covid-19; (v) equity investment asset impairments; (vi) net insurance recoveries related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas, or for 2019, incidental costs, net of insurance recoveries, related to drydock structure incidents grand bahama shipyard; (vii) restructuring charges incurred in relation to the reduction in our u.s. workforce and other initiative expenses, and the reorganization of our international sales and marketing structure in 2019; (viii) the change in the fair value in the silversea cruises contingent consideration, the amortization of the silversea cruises intangible assets resulting from our acquisition of a 66.7% interest in silversea cruises in 2018, and transaction and integration costs related to the 2018 silversea cruises acquisition; (ix) the noncontrolling interest adjustment to exclude the impact of the contractual accretion requirements associated with the put option held by heritage cruise holding ltd. (previously known as silversea cruises group ltd.) noncontrolling interest in silversea cruises, which noncontrolling interest we acquired on july 9, 2020; (x) the net gain recognized in the first quarter of 2021 in relation to the sale of the azamara brand; (xi) currency translation losses recognized during the second quarter of 2020, in connection with the ships classified as assets held-for-sale that were previously chartered to pullmantur; and, (xii) the net loss recognized in the fourth quarter of 2021 related to the elimination of the three-month reporting lag for silversea cruises.
available passenger cruise days ("apcd") is our measurement of capacity and represents double occupancy per cabin multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period, which excludes canceled cruise days and cabins not available for sale. we use this measure to perform capacity and rate analysis to identify our main non-capacity drivers that cause our cruise revenue and expenses to vary.
occupancy ("load factor"), in accordance with cruise vacation industry practice, occupancy is calculated by dividing passenger cruise days (as defined below) by apcd. a percentage in excess of 100% indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins.
passenger cruise days represent the number of passengers carried for the period multiplied by the number of days of their respective cruises.
although discussed in prior periods, we do not disclose or reconcile in this report our gross yields, net yields, gross cruise costs, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel, as defined in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019. historically, we have utilized these financial metrics to measure relevant rate comparisons to other periods. however, our 2020 and 2021 reduction in capacity and revenues and the shift in the nature of our running costs, due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our operations, do not allow for a meaningful analysis and comparison of these metrics and as such these metrics have been excluded from this report.
recent developments: covid-19
return to healthy sailing we have restarted our global cruise operations in a phased manner, following our voluntary suspension of global cruise operations that commenced in march of 2020 in response to the covid-19 outbreak. our return to service efforts incorporate our enhanced health and safety protocols, and the requirements of regulatory agencies, which has resulted in reduced guest occupancy, modified itineraries and vaccination protocols.
by the end of december 2021, we operated 50 of our global and partner brand ships, representing over 85% of worldwide capacity, and carried approximately 1.3 million guests since we resumed operations.
uncertainties remain as to the specifics, timing and costs of administering and implementing our health and safety measures, some of which may be significant. based on our assessment of these requirements and recommendations, the status of covid-19 infection, and its variants, and/or vaccination rates in the u.s. or globally or for other reasons, we may determine it necessary to cancel or modify certain of our global brands' cruise sailings. we believe the impact to our global bookings resulting from covid-19 will continue to have a material negative impact on our results of operations and liquidity, which may be prolonged beyond containment of the disease and its variants. see part i. item 1. business - regulation for an update on the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention's ("cdc") framework for conditional sailing order.
continued fleet ramp-up we experienced service disruptions and cancelled several sailings in the first quarter of 2022 due to the impact from the omicron variant ("omicron"). service disruptions have abated as covid-19 cases have declined. despite these service disruptions and cancellations, the overall trajectory of our return to service remains unchanged. we expect that by the end of the first quarter of 2022, 53 out of 62 of our global and partner brand ships, including wonder of the seas, which was delivered in january 2022, will have been brought back to service. additionally, we expect that the rest of the fleet will return to operations before the summer season.
we expect load factors in the first quarter of 2022 to be lower than initially anticipated due to the omicron impact on bookings and cancellations, particularly on january sailings. as such, we anticipate load factors on core itineraries of approximately 60% during the first quarter of 2022, with sequential monthly improvement, and approximately 7.7 million apcds for the first quarter of 2022. core itineraries exclude sailings during the early ramp-up period of up to four weeks and exclude new itineraries implemented during the covid period. additionally, we expect total cash flow from ships in operation in the first quarter to be positive.
update on bookings we experienced a softening in booking volumes and an increase in near-term cancellations as a result of the significant short-term disruptions experienced by the travel industry due to omicron. the disruptions intensified during the holiday season and in early january with the spread of the variant.
load factors for sailings in the first half of 2022 are expected to remain below historical levels, consistent with our return to service schedule, which includes the omicron impact. load factors for sailings in the second half of 2022 continue to be booked within historical ranges, at higher prices with and without fccs. we have observed cancellations subside and bookings improve to pre-omicron levels, and we have adjusted our sales and marketing efforts in anticipation of a delayed and extended wave period.
as of december 31, 2021, we had approximately $3.2 billion in customer deposits. approximately 32% of the customer deposit balance as of december 31, 2021 is related to fccs compared to 35% of the customer deposit balance as of september 30, 2021, a positive trend indicating new demand.
update on recent liquidity actions and ongoing uses of cash as of december 31, 2021, we had liquidity of approximately $3.5 billion in the form of cash and cash equivalents of $2.7 billion, $0.1 billion of undrawn revolving credit facility capacity, and a $0.7 billion commitment for a 364-day term loan facility available to draw on at any time prior to august 12, 2022. our revolving credit facilities were mostly utilized through a combination of amounts drawn and letters of credit issued under the facilities as of december 31, 2021. we temporarily applied the net proceeds of the $1.0 billion january 2022 unsecured notes to repay borrowings under our revolving credit facilities, bringing our undrawn revolving credit facility capacity to $1.1 billion as of the date of the issuance of this report, from $0.1 billion as of december 31, 2021. we continue to prioritize and bolster liquidity while taking steps to improve our balance sheet and reduce our interest costs to be well positioned for recovery.
reduced operating expenses we took significant actions in early 2020 to reduce operating expenses during the suspension of our global cruise operations. in particular, we:
•significantly reduced ship operating expenses, including crew payroll, food, fuel, insurance and port charges;
•further reduced operating expenses as the company's ships were transitioned into various levels of layup with several ships in the fleet transitioning into cold layup;
•significantly reduced marketing and selling expenses;
•reduced and furloughed our workforce, with approximately 23% of our us shoreside employee base being impacted in 2020; and
•suspended travel for shoreside employees and instituted a hiring freeze across the organization.
during our ramp up of operations, we have incurred and will continue to incur incremental spend related to bringing ships back to operating status, returning crew members to ships and implementing enhanced health and safety protocols. we also collected and will continue to collect deposits related to those sailings and for future cruises. we take into account a number of variables in determining when to bring ships back into service, including deployment opportunities, commercial potential, cost of operations and cash flow.
capital expenditures covid-19 has impacted shipyard operations, which have delayed and may continue to result in delays of our previously contracted ship deliveries. as of december 31, 2021, we anticipate that overall full year capital expenditures, based on our existing ships on order, will be approximately $3.1 billion for 2022. this amount does not include any ships on order by our partner brands. we took delivery of wonder of the seas during the first quarter of 2022 and expect delivery of celebrity beyond during the second quarter of 2022. for 2023, we have three ship deliveries scheduled: icon of the seas, celebrity ascent and silver nova.
debt maturities, new financings and other liquidity actions during the year ended december 31, 2021, we continued to take actions to further improve our liquidity position and manage cash flow. in particular, we:
•    extended the maturity date or termination date, as applicable, of certain of the advances and commitments held by consenting lenders under our $1.0 billion unsecured term loan due april 2022 and our $1.55 billion unsecured revolving credit facility due october 2022, each by 18 months to october 2023 and april 2024, respectively;
•extended the period during which we may draw upon our binding commitment for a $700.0 million 364-day term loan facility by one year, which is now available for draw at any time prior to august 12, 2022;
•issued $1.50 billion of 5.5% senior unsecured notes due in 2028 for net proceeds of approximately $1.48 billion, which were used to repay principal payments on debt maturing or required to be paid in 2021 and 2022, with the remaining for general corporate purposes;
•issued $650.0 million of 4.25% senior unsecured notes due in 2026 for net proceeds of approximately $640.6 million, which were used to fully repay the silversea notes, in the amount of $619.8 million, and to pay the related call premiums, accrued interest and fees;
•issued $1.0 billion of 5.50% senior notes due in 2026 for net proceeds of approximately $986.0 million, which were used to replenish our capital as a result of the redemption of a portion of the 11.50% senior secured notes due 2025 in the amount of $928.0 million, and to pay the related premiums and accrued interest;
•amended the credit agreements for the unsecured financings of our first and second evolution-class ships, increasing their maximum loan amounts by €175.6 million in the aggregate (or approximately $199.7 million based on the exchange rate at december 31, 2021), to finance ship design modifications that incorporate innovative sustainability features and additional premium cabins;
•issued 16.9 million shares of common stock for approximately $1.5 billion;
•amended $4.9 billion of our non-export-credit facilities and certain of our credit card processing agreements to extend the waiver of the financial covenants through and including the third quarter of 2022 and to implement modified covenants for the period starting fourth quarter of 2022 and extending through and including the fourth quarter of 2023;
•amended $6.3 billion of our export-credit facilities to extend the waiver of the financial covenants through and including the fourth quarter of 2022 and defer $1.15 billion of principal payments due between april 2021 and april 2022; and
•amended $7.3 billion of outstanding export-credit financing plus committed export-credit facilities to modify financial covenant levels for 2023 and 2024, following the waiver period through and including the fourth quarter of 2022.
refer to note 8. debt, note 10. shareholders' equity, and note 17. commitments and contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data for further information on these financing transactions and our debt covenants.
expected debt maturities for 2022 are $2.2 billion. we continue to identify and evaluate further actions to enhance our liquidity and support our recovery. these include and are not limited to further reductions in capital expenditures, operating expenses and administrative costs and additional financings and refinancings.
executive overview while 2021 proved to be another challenging year for our company and industry, it also marked our successful return to service. starting in june, we began our return to cruising with 50 ships back in service by year end, representing more than 85% of our capacity. we delivered safe and memorable experiences to approximately 1.3 million guests at record guest satisfaction scores.
the out-of-service period in the first half of the year, the costs of returning our ships and crew to operations, the revamping of sales and marketing and the costs to execute on health protocols all had a significant impact on our financial results. although we generated a fraction of normal revenue levels in 2021, total revenue per passenger cruise day in the fourth quarter was up 10% compared to record 2019 levels. the increase was driven by strong onboard revenue performance seen across every revenue stream.
since resuming operations, our focus has been on the safety and well-being of our guests and crew. as delta and omicron variants started to spread, they created short-term operational challenges as well as an increase in cancellations. however, our health and safety protocols, including our crew and guest vaccination requirements, proved to be successful as only 0.19% of our guests tested positive for covid-19. as infection rates decline and localities lift covid-19 protocols, we will continue to work closely with health authorities to maintain protocols that promote the health and safety of our guests, crew, and communities we visit. as part of this commitment, we have opted-in to the cdc's new voluntary program in the "highly vaccinated ship" category for health and safety protocols.
during 2021, we remained focused on managing costs, improving our balance sheet and preserving liquidity. we ended the year with approximately $3.5 billion in liquidity, which includes cash and cash equivalents, undrawn revolving credit facility capacity, and a $0.7 billion commitment for a loan facility. we re-established access to unsecured debt markets and successfully refinanced $2.3 billion of secured or guaranteed high coupon debt, in some instances reducing the coupon by up to 600 basis points. given the current environment and anticipated inflationary pressures, we continue to take numerous actions to reshape our cost structure, with a goal of further improving upon our leading pre-covid margins.
new hardware is a key pillar to supporting our recovery and a driver of quality demand and financial performance. this past year we successfully took delivery of celebrity apex, odyssey of the seas and silver dawn, all poised to significantly contribute to our yield growth, profitability, and cash generation. additionally, we look forward to welcoming two new ships in 2022, wonder of the seas and celebrity beyond. we expect to return the full fleet before the summer season of 2022 and load factors to reach pre-covid levels in the third quarter. although omicron has caused service disruptions, several cancelled sailings and a likely delay in our return to profitability by a few months, we currently expect to be generating net income in the second half of 2022.
as we focus on setting the foundation for a strong recovery and long-term profitable growth, we remain driven to innovate our product and maintain a strong competitive advantage. we finished the year stronger than we started and continue to manage the challenges related to omicron, as well as search for further operational opportunities on our journey back to financial health.
results of operations in addition to the items discussed above under "executive overview," significant items for 2021 include:
•our net loss attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. and adjusted net loss attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. for the year ended december 31, 2021 was $(5.3) billion and $(4.8) billion, or $(20.89) and $(19.19) per share on a diluted basis, respectively, as compared to net loss attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. and adjusted net loss attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. of $(5.8) billion and $(3.9) billion, or $(27.05) and $(18.31) per share on a diluted basis, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2020.
•total revenues, excluding the effect of changes in foreign currency rates, decreased by $686.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 resulting from a 52.6% decrease in occupancy in 2021 while we gradually returned to service compared to 2020 when the majority of our fleet was operational up through our global suspension in march of 2020.
•the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our passenger ticket and onboard and other revenue transactions, denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar, resulted in an increase in total revenues of $9.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020.
•total cruise operating expenses, excluding the effect of changes in foreign currency rate, decreased by $114.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, which reflects the decrease in occupancy mentioned above.
•the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our cruise operating expenses, denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar, resulted in an increase in total operating expenses of $7.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020.
•during the year ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, as a result of ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our operations and cash flows, we recorded total impairment and credit losses of $82.0 million and $1.6 billion, respectively, related to long-lived assets and credit losses related to our notes receivable, net of recoveries, in 2021, and to goodwill, trademarks and trade names, long-lived assets, including right-of-use assets, and credit losses related to our notes receivable in 2020.
•effective october 1, 2021, we eliminated the silversea cruises three-month reporting lag to be consistent with the fiscal calendar of the company. the effect of this change was an increase to net loss of $62.6 million, or a $0.25 per share loss on a basic and diluted basis, and this amount is reported within other (expense) income in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2021. refer to note 1. general to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on the elimination of the silversea cruises reporting lag.
•during the year ended december 31, 2021, we executed and amended various financing arrangements. refer to note 8. debt and note 10. shareholders' equity, to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data for further information on our 2021 financing activity.
we reported net (loss) income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd., adjusted net (loss) income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd., (loss) earnings per share and adjusted (loss) earnings per share as shown in the following table (in thousands, except per share data):
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                                                                    2020                              2019
net (loss) income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.                                                                                                       $(5,260,499)                      $(5,797,462)                      $1,878,887
adjusted net (loss) income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.                                                                                               (4,832,889)                       (3,924,579)                       2,002,847
net adjustments to net (loss) income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.                                                                                        $427,610                        $1,872,883                        $123,960
adjustments to net (loss) income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.:
loss on extinguishment of debt (1)                                                                                                                                       $138,759                           $41,109                          $6,326
convertible debt amortization of debt discount (2)                                                                                                                        104,291                            46,546                               -
pullmantur reorganization settlement (3)                                                                                                                                   10,242                            21,637                               -
impairment and credit losses (4)                                                                                                                                           82,001                         1,566,380                               -
equity investment impairment (5)                                                                                                                                           31,344                            39,735                               -
oasis of the seas incident, grand bahama's drydock write-off and other incidental expenses (6)                                                                            (6,584)                           (1,938)                          35,239
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense (7)                                                                                                                     1,831                            51,853                          13,707
change in the fair value of contingent consideration and amortization of silversea cruises intangible assets related to silversea cruises acquisition (8)                   6,493                          (33,814)                          30,675
noncontrolling interest adjustment (9)                                                                                                                                          -                            72,331                          35,965
net gain related to the sale of azamara brand (10)                                                                                                                        (3,371)                                 -                               -
currency translation adjustment losses (11)                                                                                                                                     -                            69,044                               -
net loss related to the elimination of the silversea reporting lag (12)                                                                                                    62,604                                 -                               -
transaction and integration costs related to the silversea cruises acquisition (8)                                                                                              -                                 -                           2,048
net adjustments to net (loss) income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.                                                                                        $427,610                        $1,872,883                        $123,960
basic:
(loss) earnings per share                                                                                                                                                $(20.89)                          $(27.05)                           $8.97
adjusted (loss) earnings per share                                                                                                                                       $(19.19)                          $(18.31)                           $9.56
diluted:
(loss) earnings per share                                                                                                                                                $(20.89)                          $(27.05)                           $8.95
adjusted (loss) earnings per share                                                                                                                                       $(19.19)                          $(18.31)                           $9.54
weighted-average shares outstanding:
basic                                                                                                                                                                     251,812                           214,335                         209,405
diluted                                                                                                                                                                   251,812                           214,335                         209,930
(1)    in 2021, represents the net loss on the partial repayment of the 11.50% senior secured notes due 2025, the net gain on the full repayment of the silversea notes and the loss on the partial repayment of the $1.55 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. in 2020, represents the loss on the extinguishment of the $2.2 billion senior secured term loan. in 2019, represents the loss on the extinguishment of the $700 million 364-day loan related to the 2018 silversea cruises acquisition and the remaining balance of the unsecured term loan originally incurred in 2010 to purchase allure of the seas.
(2)    represents the amortization of non-cash debt discount on our convertible notes.
(3)    represents estimated cash refunds expected to be paid to pullmantur guests and other expenses incurred as part of the pullmantur s.a. reorganization.
(4)    in 2021 and 2020, represents asset impairment and credit losses as a result of the impact of covid-19. in 2021, amounts are net of the recovery of credit losses recognized in 2020.
(5)    represents equity investment asset impairment, primarily for our investments in tui cruises gmbh, in 2021 and grand bahama shipyard in 2020, as a result of the impact of covid-19.
(6)    in 2021 and 2020, amounts include net insurance recoveries related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas. in 2019, amount includes incidental costs, net of insurance recoveries, of $14.5 million related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas, which were reported primarily within other operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive (loss) income for the year ended december 31, 2019; and $20.7 million regarding the grand bahama incident involving one of its drydocks, included in equity investment income (loss) within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2019.
(7)    represents primarily restructuring charges incurred in relation to the reduction in our u.s. workforce and other initiatives expenses in 2020 and 2021. refer to note 18. restructuring charges to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on the restructuring activities. in 2019, represents primarily the reorganization of our international sales and marketing structure.
(8)    related to the 2018 silversea cruises acquisition. refer to note 1. general to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for information on the silversea cruises acquisition.
(9)    adjustment made to exclude the impact of the contractual accretion requirements associated with the put option held by heritage cruise holding ltd.'s (previously known as silversea cruises group ltd.) noncontrolling interest, which noncontrolling interest we acquired on july 9, 2020.
(10)    represents the net gain recognized in the first quarter of 2021 in relation to the sale of the azamara brand.
(11)    represents currency translation losses recognized in connection with the ships sold in 2020 that were previously chartered to pullmantur. refer to note 7. other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 1. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
(12) represents the net loss related to the elimination of the silversea cruises reporting lag.
the following table presents operating results as a percentage of total revenues for the last three years:
year ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                      2020                      2019
passenger ticket revenues                                                 61.4   %                    68.1   %                  71.7   %
onboard and other revenues                                                38.6   %                    31.9   %                  28.3   %
total revenues                                                           100.0   %                   100.0   %                 100.0   %
cruise operating expenses:
commissions, transportation and other                                     13.5   %                    15.6   %                  15.1   %
onboard and other                                                          7.6   %                     7.1   %                   5.8   %
payroll and related                                                       54.7   %                    35.7   %                   9.9   %
food                                                                      10.7   %                     7.3   %                   5.3   %
fuel                                                                      25.1   %                    16.8   %                   6.4   %
other operating                                                           61.7   %                    42.7   %                  12.8   %
total cruise operating expenses                                          173.5   %                   125.2   %                  55.4   %
marketing, selling and administrative expenses                            89.4   %                    54.3   %                  14.2   %
depreciation and amortization expenses                                    84.4   %                    57.9   %                  11.4   %
impairment and credit losses                                               5.4   %                    70.9   %                     -   %
operating (loss) income                                                (252.6)   %                 (208.3)   %                  19.0   %
other income (expense):
interest income                                                            1.1   %                     1.0   %                   0.2   %
interest expense, net of interest capitalized                           (84.3)   %                  (38.2)   %                 (3.7)   %
equity investment (loss) income                                          (8.8)   %                   (9.7)   %                   2.1   %
other income (expense)                                                     1.3   %                   (6.2)   %                 (0.2)   %
(90.7)   %                  (53.1)   %                 (1.6)   %
net (loss) income                                                      (343.3)   %                 (261.5)   %                  17.4   %
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest                     -   %                     1.0   %                   0.3   %
net (loss) income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.         (343.3)   %                 (262.5)   %                  17.2   %
selected statistical information is shown in the following table:
year ended december 31,
2021(1)(3)                        2020(2)                         2019 (2)
passengers carried                1,030,403                       1,295,144                        6,553,865
passenger cruise days             5,802,582                       8,697,893                       44,803,953
apcd                             11,767,441                       8,539,903                       41,432,451
occupancy                              49.3     %   101.9                      %                       108.1    %
___________________________________________________________________
(1)    due to the elimination of the silversea cruises three-month reporting lag in october of 2021, we include silversea cruises' metrics from october 1, 2020 through june 30, 2021 and october 1 through december 31, 2021 in the year ended december 31, 2021. the year ended december 31, 2021 does not include july, august, and september 2021 statistics as silversea cruises' results of operations for those months are included within other (expense) income in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the year ended december 31, 2021. refer to note 1. general to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on the three-month reporting lag.
(2) due to the three-month reporting lag effective through september 30, 2021, we include silversea cruises' metrics from october 1, 2019 through september 30, 2020 in the year ended december 31, 2020 and from october 1, 2018 through september 30, 2019 in the year ended december 31, 2019.
(3)    for the year ended december, 31, 2021, we include azamara cruises' metrics through march 19, 2021, the effective sale date of the brand. refer to note 1. general to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on the sale of the azamara cruises brand.
outlook the company's operations are still impacted by covid-19 and its related variants. the adverse impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our revenues, consolidated results of operations, cash flows and financial condition has been and will continue to be material in 2022. we expect to incur a net loss on both a u.s. gaap and adjusted basis for the first quarter and the first half of 2022 and a return to profitability in the second half of 2022. see recent developments: covid-19 - continued fleet ramp-up and update on bookings for further indications on our resumption of operations and the booking environment.
year ended december 31, 2021 compared to year ended december 31, 2020
in this section, references to 2021 refer to the year ended december 31, 2021 and references to 2020 refer to the year ended december 31, 2020.
revenues total revenues for 2021 decreased $0.7 billion, or 30.6%, to $1.5 billion from $2.2 billion in 2020.
passenger ticket revenues comprised 61.4% of our 2021 total revenues. passenger ticket revenues decreased by $0.6 billion, or 37.4% from 2020. the decrease in passenger ticket reflects a 52.6% decrease in occupancy for the period in 2021 during which we gradually returned to service compared to occupancy during 2020 when we operated the majority of our fleet, up through our global suspension in march of 2020.
the decrease to passenger ticket revenues was slightly offset by the $5.0 million favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our revenues in currencies other than the united states dollar.
the remaining 38.6% of 2021 total revenues was comprised of onboard and other revenues, which decreased $0.1 billion, or 16.1%. this decrease was primarily due to the 52.6% decrease in occupancy noted above and a decrease in cancellation fees in 2021. these decreases more than offset a strong onboard revenue per passenger cruise day performance during our gradual resumption of operations in 2021 as well as the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our onboard and other revenues denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of $4.5 million.
onboard and other revenues included concession revenues of $72.0 million in 2021 and $76.0 million in 2020.
cruise operating expenses total cruise operating expenses for 2021 decreased $0.1 billion, or 3.9%, to $2.7 billion in 2021 from $2.8 billion in 2020. the decrease was primarily due to a $137.1 million decrease in commissions, transportation and other expenses and a $40.3 million decrease in onboard and other expenses due to the decrease in revenues and occupancy noted above.
the decrease in cruise operating expenses was partially offset by an increase on payroll and related expenses of $49.8 million due to our return to service during 2021, and the unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our expense transactions denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of $7.3 million.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses marketing, selling and administrative expenses for 2021 increased $170.5 million, or 14.2% to $1.4 billion from $1.2 billion in 2020. the increase is due to the ramp up of our global sales and marketing efforts in the second half of 2021 as we commenced our resumption of operations.
depreciation and amortization expenses depreciation and amortization expenses for 2021 increased $13.6 million, or 1.1%, to $1.3 billion. the increase was primarily due to the addition of odyssey of the seas to our fleet in the first quarter of 2021, a full year of depreciation in 2021 for celebrity apex, silver moon and silver origin which were added to our fleet during 2020, and to a lesser extent, the addition of silver dawn to our fleet in the fourth quarter of 2021. the increases in depreciation in 2021 were partially offset by lower depreciation resulting from vessel disposals and asset impairments during 2020 and 2021.
impairment and credit losses for the year ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, as a result of the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our operations and cash flows, we recorded total impairment and credit losses of $82.0 million and $1.6 billion, respectively, primarily related to construction in progress, other long-lived assets and credit loss allowances related to our notes receivable in 2021, and to our goodwill, trademarks and trade names, vessels, construction in progress, right-of-use assets and credit loss allowances related to our notes receivable in 2020.
other income (expense)
interest expense, net of interest capitalized, increased $447.5 million, or 53.0%, to $1.3 billion in 2021 from $844.2 million in 2020. the increase was primarily due to new debt issuances in 2021 and 2020, a higher average balance on our revolver debt and a loss on extinguishment of debt of $138.8 million.
equity investment (loss) improved by $77.8 million, or 36.5%, to a loss of $135.5 million in 2021 from a loss of $213.3 million in 2020 mainly due to decreased losses reported by our equity investments as a result of their return to operations during 2021 and receipt of local government grants by one of our equity investments.
other income was $20.3 million in 2021 compared to other expense of $137.1 million in 2020. the improvement of $157.4 million includes an increase in income of $110.6 million related to the change in the fair value of fuel swap derivative instruments that are not designated under hedge accounting, a one-time $14.4 million tax benefit recognized in 2021, and a $13.8 million decrease in foreign exchange losses from the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency compared to 2020. additionally in 2020, we recognized a deferred currency translation adjustment loss of $69.0 million related to the pullmantur brand as we no longer have significant involvement in pullmantur's operations, which did not recur in 2021, and a $20.0 million expense representing the cash refund expected to be paid to pullmantur guests as part of the brand's reorganization, compared to a $5.0 million expense in 2021. the 2021 increases in income were partially offset by a $62.6 million loss recognized in 2021 resulting from the elimination of the silversea cruises three-month reporting lag effective october 1, 2021.
other comprehensive income (loss)
other comprehensive income in 2021 was $28.5 million compared to $58.4 million in 2020. the decrease of $29.9 million in 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in gain on cash flow derivative hedges in 2021 of $34.0 million. gain on cash flow derivative hedges decreased in 2021 primarily due to the reclassification of fuel swap gains from accumulated other comprehensive loss into the consolidated statement of comprehensive (loss) income in 2021, compared to the reclassification of fuel swap losses during 2020. this decrease was partially offset by a net increase in the fair value of our cash flow derivative hedges, mostly driven by increases in the fair value of our fuel and interest rate swaps in 2021.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019
a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 is included in part ii. item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, filed with the sec on february 26, 2021, and is incorporated by reference into this form 10-k.
future application of accounting standards refer to note. 2 summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on recent accounting pronouncements.
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash net cash (used in) operating activities decreased by $1.9 billion to cash used of $1.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to cash used of $3.7 billion for the same period in 2020. our gradual resumption of operations in 2021 generated increased guest ticket collections, resulting in an increase of customer deposits of $1.4 billion for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, compared to a decrease of customer deposits of $1.6 billion during the same period in 2020, during our suspension of global operations. the increase in customer deposits was offset by increased expenses for our vessels that resumed cruise operations in 2021, including start up costs.
net cash (used in) operating activities was $3.7 billion in 2020 compared to net cash provided of $3.7 billion in 2019 reflecting a change of $7.4 billion in 2020. the 2020 disruptions to our business led to a decrease in collections from our guests as well as an increase of refunds to guests for cancelled sailings during the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $33.8 million to cash used of $2.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to cash used of $2.2 billion for the same period in 2020. the decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to an increase in proceeds from the sale of property and equipment and other assets of $148.2 million in 2021 compared to 2020, and a decrease in cash paid on settlement of derivative financial instruments of $87.1 million, partially offset by an increase in capital expenditures of $264.6 million mostly due to our purchase of terminal a at portmiami in 2021.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $0.9 billion to cash used $2.2 billion in 2020 compared to cash used $3.1 billion in 2019. the decrease in investing activities was primarily attributable to a decrease in capital expenditures of $1.1 billion.
net cash provided by financing activities was $3.0 billion in 2021 compared to cash provided of $9.3 billion in 2020. the decrease of $6.3 billion was primarily attributable to higher debt proceeds and issuance of commercial paper notes of $15.8 billion during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, compared to the same period in 2021, offset by higher debt and commercial paper repayments of $9.0 billion during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, compared to the same period in 2021. additionally, dividends paid of $326.4 million during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, compared to none during the same period in 2021.
net cash provided by financing activities was $9.3 billion in 2020 compared to net cash used of $0.7 billion in 2019. the change was primarily attributable to an increase in debt proceeds of $10.0 billion in 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, and $1.4 billion in proceeds from common stock issuances in 2020. these proceeds were partially offset by net repayments of commercial paper of $1.1 billion during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020 compared to net borrowings of commercial paper of $0.6 billion during the same period in 2019.
future capital commitments capital expenditures our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders. as of december 31, 2021, we have two oasis-class ships, and three ships of a new generation, known as our icon-class, on order for our royal caribbean international brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 28,200 berths. as of december 31, 2021, we have two edge-class ships on order for our celebrity cruises brand, with an aggregate capacity of approximately 6,500 berths. additionally, as of december 31, 2021, we have two ships on order for our silversea cruises brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 1,460 berths. refer to item 1. business-operations for further information on our ships on order. we have committed financing arrangements in place covering 80% of the cost of the ship for the nine ships on order for our global brands, almost all of which include sovereign financing guarantees. additionally, we have an agreement in place with chantiers de l'atlantique to build an additional edge-class ship for delivery in 2025, which is contingent upon completion of conditions precedent and financing.
as of december 31, 2021, the aggregate cost of our ships on order, not including any ships on order by our partner brands, was approximately $12.4 billion, of which we had deposited $800.2 million as of such date. approximately 59.0% of the aggregate cost was exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate at december 31, 2021. refer to note 16. fair value measurements and derivative instruments and note 17. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
decreased demand for cruising as a result of concerns regarding the covid-19 pandemic had, and is expected to continue to have, a material impact on our cash flows, liquidity and financial position. in order to preserve liquidity throughout the covid-19 pandemic, we deferred a significant portion of our planned 2020, 2021 and 2022 capital expenditures. as of december 31, 2021, we anticipate overall full year capital expenditures, based on our existing ships on order, will be approximately $3.1 billion for 2022. these amounts do not include any ships on order by our partner brands.
material cash requirements as of december 31, 2021, our material cash requirements were as follows (in thousands):
payments due by period less than                          1-3                          3-5                      more than total                         1 year                        years                        years                        5 years operating activities:
operating lease obligations(1)            $1,272,527                     $101,445                       $190,048                     $154,809                     $826,225
interest on long-term debt(2)              3,554,212                      938,258                      1,286,576                      688,131                      641,247
other(3)                                     534,484                      154,552                        162,401                       63,498                      154,033
investing activities:
ship purchase obligations(4)               9,955,868                    2,306,087                      4,920,554                    2,729,227                            -
financing activities:
debt obligations(5)                       20,618,065                    2,191,620                      9,345,412                    4,781,668                    4,299,365
finance lease obligations(6)                 472,275                       51,511                         57,497                       44,896                      318,371
other(7)                                      17,374                        8,414                          8,960                            -                            -
total                                    $36,424,805                   $5,751,887                    $15,971,448                   $8,462,229                   $6,239,241
___________________________________________________________________
(1)   we are obligated under noncancelable operating leases primarily for preferred berthing arrangements, real estate and shipboard equipment. amounts represent contractual obligations with initial terms in excess of one year.
(2)    long-term debt obligations mature at various dates through fiscal year 2033 and bear interest at fixed and variable rates. interest on variable-rate debt is calculated based on forecasted debt balances, including the impact of interest rate swap agreements, using the applicable rate at december 31, 2021. debt denominated in other currencies is calculated based on the applicable exchange rate at december 31, 2021.
(3)   amounts primarily represent future commitments with remaining terms in excess of one year to pay for our usage of certain port facilities, marine consumables, services and maintenance contracts.
(4)     amounts are based on contractual installment and delivery dates for our ships on order. included in these figures are $7.9 billion in final contractual installments, which have committed financing. covid-19 has impacted shipyard operations which have and may result in delays for our previously contracted ship deliveries. amounts do not include potential obligations which remain subject to cancellation at our sole discretion or any agreements entered for ships on order that remain contingent upon completion of conditions precedent.
(5) debt denominated in other currencies is calculated based on the applicable exchange rate at december 31, 2021. in addition, debt obligations presented above are net of debt issuance costs of $363.5 million as of december 31, 2021.
(6)      amounts represent finance lease obligations with initial terms in excess of one year.
(7)     amounts represent fees payable to sovereign guarantors in connection with certain of our export credit debt facilities and facility fees on our revolving credit facilities.
please refer to funding needs and sources below for discussion on the planned funding of the above material contractual obligations.
as a normal part of our business, depending on market conditions, pricing and our overall growth strategy, we continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. we may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. we continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. if any of these were to occur, they would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of equity securities or through cash flows from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements tui cruises has entered into various ship construction and credit agreements that include certain restrictions on each of our and tui ag's ability to reduce our current ownership interest in tui cruises below 37.55% through may 2033.
some of the contracts that we enter into include indemnification provisions that obligate us to make payments to the counterparty if certain events occur. these contingencies generally relate to changes in taxes, increased lender capital costs and other similar costs. the indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms and are entered into in the normal course of business. there are no stated or notional amounts included in the indemnification clauses and we are not able to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, under these indemnification clauses. we have not been required to make any payments under such indemnification clauses in the past and, under current circumstances, we do not believe an indemnification obligation is probable.
in june of 2021, we exercised our option under our operating lease with smbc leasing and finance, inc (the "lessor") to purchase terminal a at portmiami in july 2021 for the pre-agreed purchase price of $220.0 million. upon purchase of the terminal lease in july 2021, the underlying asset was recorded as a leasehold improvement within property and equipment, net.  our july 2021 purchase of the port of miami terminal eliminated the residual value guarantee and a requirement under the lease to post $181.1 million of cash collateral on or before july 18, 2021.
certain of our surety agreements with third party providers for the benefit of certain agencies and associations that provide travel related bonds, allow the sureties to request collateral. we also have agreements with our credit card processors relating to customer deposits received by us for future voyages. these agreements allow the credit card processors to require us, under certain circumstances, including breach of the financial covenants, the existence of other material adverse changes, excessive chargebacks, and other triggering events, to maintain a reserve that can be satisfied by posting collateral. as of december 31, 2021, we have posted letters of credit as collateral with our sureties and credit card processors under our revolving credit facilities in the amount of $193.3 million.
executed amendments are in place for the majority of our credit card processors, waiving reserve requirements tied to breach of our financial covenants through at least september 30, 2022, with modified covenants thereafter, and as such, we do not anticipate any incremental collateral requirements for the processors covered by these waivers in the next 12 months. we have a reserve with a processor where the agreement was amended in the first quarter of 2021, such that proceeds are held in reserve until the sailing takes place or the funds are refunded to the customer. the maximum projected exposure with the processor, including amounts currently withheld and reported in trade and other receivables, is approximately $285.0 million. the amount and timing are dependent on future factors that are uncertain, such as the pace of resumption of our cruise operations, the volume of future deposits and whether we transfer our business to other processors. if we require additional waivers on the credit card processing agreements and are not able to obtain them, this could lead to the termination of these agreements or the trigger of reserve requirements.
as of december 31, 2021, other than the items described above, we are not party to any other off-balance sheet arrangements, including guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interest, certain derivative instruments and variable interest entities, that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial position.
funding needs and sources historically, we relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, draw-downs under our available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional debt and/or the refinancing of our existing debt and the issuance of additional shares of equity securities to fund our obligations. the impact of covid-19 resulted in our voluntary suspension of global cruise operations from march 2020 up to our gradual resumption of operations primarily in 2021. the suspension of operations strained our sources of cash flow and liquidity, causing us to take actions resulting in reductions in our operating expenses, reductions in our capital expenses and new financings and other liquidity actions.
the company continues to identify and evaluate further actions to improve its liquidity. these include, and are not limited to further reductions in capital expenditures, operating expenses and administrative costs and additional financings. see further discussion on these liquidity actions at recent developments - covid-19.
we have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. as of december 31, 2021, we had approximately $10.0 billion of committed financing for our ships on order.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $5.8 billion in contractual obligations due through december 31, 2022, of which approximately $2.2 billion relates to debt maturities, $0.9 billion relates to interest on debt and $2.3 billion relates to progress payments on our ship orders and the final installments payable due upon the delivery of wonder of the seas and celebrity beyond.
as of december 31, 2021, we had liquidity of $3.5 billion, including $0.1 billion of undrawn revolving credit facility capacity, $2.7 billion in cash and cash equivalents, and a $0.7 billion commitment for a 364-day term loan facility available to draw at any time prior to august 12, 2022. as of december 31, 2021, our revolving credit facilities were mostly utilized through a combination of amounts drawn and letters of credit issued under the facilities. we temporarily applied the net proceeds of the $1.0 billion january 2022 unsecured notes to repay borrowings under our revolving credit facilities, bringing our undrawn revolving credit facility capacity to $1.1 billion as of the date of the issuance of this report, from $0.1 billion as of december 31, 2021.
we have agreed with certain of our lenders not to pay dividends or engage in stock repurchases. thereafter, in the event we declare a dividend or engage in stock repurchases we will need to repay the amounts deferred under our export credit facilities. refer to note 10. shareholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
if any person acquires ownership of more than 50% of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of our board of directors is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of our board of directors on the first day of such period, we may be obligated to prepay indebtedness outstanding under our credit facilities, which we may be unable to replace on similar terms. our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade. if this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations.
based on our assumptions and estimates and our financial condition, we believe that the liquidity resulting from the actions mentioned above will be sufficient to fund our liquidity requirements over at least the next twelve months. however, there is no assurance that our assumptions and estimates are accurate due to possible unknown variables related to this unprecedented suspension of our operations and, as such, there is inherent uncertainty in our ability to predict future liquidity requirements. refer to note 1. general, management's plan and liquidity, to our consolidated financial statements under item 1. financial statements for further information.
beyond the next 12 months, in june of 2023, approximately $3.2 billion of long-term debt will need to be refinanced in order to maintain the company's liquidity position.
in february 2022, we entered into certain agreements with morgan stanley & co., llc ("ms") where ms agrees to provide backstop committed financing to refinance, repurchase and/or repay in whole or in part our existing and outstanding 10.875% senior secured notes due 2023, 9.125% priority guaranteed notes due 2023, and 4.25% convertible notes due 2023. pursuant to the agreements, we may, at our sole option, issue and sell to ms (subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions) five-year senior unsecured notes with gross proceeds of up to $3.15 billion at any time between april 1, 2023 and june 29, 2023, to refinance the aforementioned notes.
debt covenants both our export credit facilities and our non-export credit facilities contain covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.25x and limit our net debt-to-capital ratio to no more than 62.5%, and under certain facilities, to maintain a minimum level of shareholders' equity.  the fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated by dividing net cash from operations for the past four quarters by the sum of dividend payments plus scheduled principal debt payments in excess of any new financings for the past four quarters. our minimum net worth and maximum net debt-to-capital calculations exclude the impact of accumulated other comprehensive loss on total shareholders' equity.
during 2020, we amended all of our export credit facilities, all of our non-export credit facilities and certain of our credit card processing agreements which contain financial covenants to extend the financial covenant waiver through and including the fourth quarter of 2021. during the first quarter of 2021, we amended $4.9 billion of our non-export credit facilities and $6.3 billion of our export credit facilities, and certain credit card processing agreements, to extend the waiver of our financial covenants through and including at least the third quarter of 2022, and subsequently in the third quarter of 2021, we entered into a letter agreement to extend the waiver period for our export credit facilities to the end of the fourth quarter of 2022. during the fourth quarter of 2021, we amended $7.3 billion of outstanding export-credit facilites plus committed export-credit facilities to modify financial covenant levels for 2023 and 2024, following the waiver period through and including the fourth quarter of 2022.
in addition, pursuant to the amendments for the non-export credit facilities, we have modified the manner in which such covenants are calculated, temporarily in certain cases and permanently in others, as well as the levels at which our net debt to capitalization covenant will be tested during the period commencing immediately following the end of the waiver period and continuing through the end of 2023.
the amendments impose a monthly-tested minimum liquidity covenant of $350.0 million, which in the case of the non-export credit facilities terminates at the end of the waiver period and in the case of the export credit facilities terminates either in july 2025, or when we pay off all deferred amounts, whichever is earlier. in addition, the amendments to the non-export credit facilities place restrictions on paying cash dividends and effectuating share repurchases through the end of the third quarter of 2022, while the export credit facility amendments require us to prepay any deferred amounts if we elect to issue dividends or complete share repurchases. as of december 31, 2021, we were in compliance with the applicable minimum liquidity covenant and we estimate that we will be in compliance for at least the next twelve months.
any further covenant waivers may lead to increased costs, increased interest rates, additional restrictive covenants and other available lender protections as may be agreed with our lenders. there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain additional waivers in a timely manner, or on acceptable terms. if we require additional waivers and are not able to obtain them or repay the debt facilities, this would lead to an event of default and potential acceleration of amounts due under all of our outstanding debt and derivative contracts.
dividends during the first quarter of 2020 we declared a cash dividend on our common stock of $0.78 per share which was paid in the second quarter of 2020.
during the second quarter of 2020, we agreed with certain of our lenders not to pay dividends or engage in common stock repurchases for so long as our debt covenant waivers are in effect. in addition, in the event we declare a dividend or engage in share repurchases, we will need to repay the amounts deferred under our export credit facilities. accordingly, we did not declare a dividend during the seventh consecutive quarters ending december 31, 2021. pursuant to amendments made to these agreements during the first quarter of 2021, the restrictions on paying cash dividends and effectuating share repurchases were extended through and including the third quarter of 2022.
