item 1a. risk factors an investment in the company involves risks, some of which, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, compliance, reputational and strategic risks, could be substantial and is inherent in our business. these risks also includes the possibility that the value of the investment could decrease considerably, and dividends or other distributions concerning the investment could be reduced or eliminated. discussed below are risk factors that could adversely affect our financial results and condition, as well as the value of, and return on investment in the company.
risks related to the operation of our business our businesses have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally.
we provide traditional commercial, retail and mortgage banking services, as well as other financial services including asset management, wealth management, securities brokerage, merger-and-acquisition advisory services and other specialty financing. all of our businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally or specifically in the south, midwest and texas, the principal markets in which we conduct business. a worsening of business and economic conditions generally or specifically in the principal markets in which we conduct business could have adverse effects on our business, including the following:
•a decrease in the demand for, or the availability of, loans and other products and services offered by us;
•a decrease in the value of our loans held for sale or other assets secured by consumer or commercial real estate;
•an impairment of certain intangible assets, such as goodwill;
•a decrease in interest income from variable rate loans, due to declines in interest rates; and
•an increase in the number of clients and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws or default on their loans or other obligations to us, which could result in a higher level of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs, provisions for credit losses, and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale.
in the event of severely adverse business and economic conditions generally or specifically in the principal markets in which we conduct business, there can be no assurance that the federal government and the federal reserve would intervene. further, the trajectory of the covid-19 pandemic (including variant strains and resurgences of the covid-19 virus) and its effects on the u.s. and global economy remains uncertain, as does the success of any measures taken or that may be taken in response to the covid-19 pandemic, which ultimately may not be sufficient to address the specific effects of the pandemic or avert severe and prolonged reductions in economic activity. if economic conditions worsen or volatility increases, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
volatility and uncertainty related to inflation and the effects of inflation, which may lead to increased costs for businesses and consumers and potentially contribute to poor business and economic conditions generally, may enhance or contribute to some of the risks discussed herein. for example, higher inflation, or volatility and uncertainty related to inflation, could reduce demand for the our products, adversely affect the creditworthiness of the company's borrowers or result in lower values for the our investment securities and other interest-earning assets.
our business, financial condition, liquidity, capital and results of operations have been, and will likely continue to be, adversely affected by the covid-19 pandemic.
the covid-19 pandemic has created disruptions that have adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our business, financial condition, liquidity, capital and results of operations. we cannot predict the extent to which the pandemic will cause such adverse effects in the future. the nature and extent of any ongoing or future adverse effects will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and outside our control, including the scope and duration of the covid-19 pandemic and its impact on our employees, clients, customers, counterparties and service providers, as well as other market participants.
circumstances brought about by the pandemic persist, and likely will persist, including supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, increased market volatility, credit deterioration and defaults, and increased spending on business continuity efforts, which may require that we reduce costs and investments in other areas. should the pandemic worsen, we may face additional circumstances such as significant draws on credit lines should customers seek to increase liquidity.
we are offering assistance to support customers based upon customer needs. if such measures are not effective in mitigating the effects of the pandemic on borrowers, we may experience higher rates of default and increased credit losses in the future. we may also have to provide additional assistance or otherwise experience higher rates of default and increased credit losses.
further, we have approximately $748 million in ppp loans as of year-end 2021. while much of the ppp forgiveness process has been completed, these efforts may continue to affect our revenue and results of operations and make our results table of contents more difficult to forecast. in addition, the ppp and other government programs in which we may participate are complex and our participation may lead to governmental and regulatory scrutiny, negative publicity and damage to our reputation.
the effects of the covid-19 pandemic may also cause some of our commercial customers to be unable to pay their loans as they come due or decrease the value of collateral, which could cause significant increases in our credit losses. the pandemic may alter consumer behavior, including short- and long-term spending patterns. accordingly, certain of these industries may continue to be negatively impacted even after the pandemic has subsided.
other negative effects of the pandemic that may impact our business, financial condition, liquidity, capital and results of operations cannot be predicted at this time, but it is likely that such adverse effects will continue until the covid-19 pandemic subsides. the covid-19 pandemic may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the section entitled "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k and any subsequent quarterly report on form 10-q.
ineffective liquidity management could adversely affect our financial results and condition.
effective liquidity management is essential for the operation of our business. we require sufficient liquidity to meet customer loan requests, customer deposit maturities/withdrawals, payments on our debt obligations as they come due and other cash commitments under both normal operating conditions and unpredictable circumstances causing industry or general financial market stress. further, a substantial majority of our assets are loans, which cannot necessarily be called or sold on timeframes short enough to meet these liquidity requirements. in addition, our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities on terms that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry or economy generally. factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include a downturn in the geographic markets in which our loans and operations are concentrated, difficult credit markets, or unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral, including as a result of unusual effects in the market, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. although we have historically been able to meet the liquidity needs of customers as necessary, the ability to do so is not assured, especially if a large number of our depositors seek to withdraw their accounts, regardless of the reason. a failure to maintain adequate liquidity could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our operations are concentrated primarily in the south, midwest and texas, and adverse changes in the economic conditions in this region can adversely affect our financial results and condition.
our operations are concentrated primarily in the south, midwest and texas. as a result, local economic conditions in these areas significantly affect the demand for the loans and other products we offer to our customers (including real estate, commercial and construction loans), the ability of borrowers to repay these loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans. any declines in real estate values in these areas may adversely affect borrowers and the value of the collateral securing many of our loans, which could adversely affect our currently performing loans, leading to future delinquencies or defaults and increases in our provision for credit losses. further or continued adverse changes in these economic conditions could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
weather-related events and other natural or man-made disasters could cause a disruption in our operations or lead to other consequences that could adversely impact our financial results and condition. these impacts could be intensified by climate change. heightening focus on climate change may also carry transition risks that could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
weather-related events, other natural or man-made disasters, climate change and the transition to a lower-carbon economy all pose near and long-term risks to our business and/or that of our customers and are expected to increase over time.
a significant portion of our operations is located in the areas bordering the gulf of mexico and the atlantic ocean, regions that are susceptible to hurricanes, or in areas of the southeastern u.s. that are susceptible to tornadoes and other severe weather events. in particular, in recent years, a number of severe hurricanes impacted areas in our footprint. many areas in the southeastern u.s. have also experienced severe droughts and floods in recent years. any of these, or any other severe weather event, could cause disruption to our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our overall business, results of operations or financial condition. we have taken certain preemptive measures that we believe will mitigate these adverse effects, such as maintaining insurance that includes coverage for resultant losses and expenses. however, such measures cannot predict the nature, timing, or level of severe weather events or prevent the disruption that a catastrophic earthquake, fire, hurricane, tornado or other severe weather event could cause to the markets that we serve and any resulting adverse impact on our customers, such as hindering our borrowers' ability to timely repay their loans and diminishing the value of any collateral held by us. man-made disasters and other events connected with the gulf of mexico or atlantic ocean, such as oil spills, could have similar effects.
climate change could intensify the severity of and increase the frequency of adverse effects of weather-related events impacting us and our customers. namely, climate change may intensify the severity of and increase the frequency of earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, tornadoes, droughts, floods and other weather-related events, which could cause even greater disruption to our business and operations. longer-term changes, such as increasing average temperatures and rising sea levels, may damage, destroy or otherwise impact the value or productivity of our properties and other assets, reduce the availability of insurance, and/or lead to prolonged disruptions in our operations.
table of contents responding to concerns around climate change provides us with potential new avenues through which we can support our stakeholders but also exposes us to risks associated with the transition to a lower-carbon economy. such risks may result from changes in policies, laws and regulations, technologies, or market preferences that are intended to address climate change. these changes could materially and negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and our reputation, in addition to having a similar impact on our customers. federal and state regulatory authorities, investors and other third parties have increasingly viewed financial institutions as important in addressing risks related to climate change, which may result in financial institutions facing increased pressure regarding the disclosure and management of climate risks and related lending and investment activities. relatedly, we may face increased scrutiny related to our ability to demonstrate resilience to potential climate-related risks, including systemic risks posed by operational disruptions and external demands. ongoing legislative or regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit and reputational risks and costs. in addition, the transition to a lower-carbon economy could indirectly subject regions to specific risks through our borrowers' exposure to changes in commodity prices. for more information see "weakness in commodity businesses could adversely affect our performance" below.
we are subject to environmental, social and governance risks that could adversely affect our reputation and the trading price of our common stock.
we are subject to a variety of risks, including reputational risk, associated with environmental, social and governance, or esg, issues. as a large financial institution with a diverse base of customers, vendors and suppliers, we may face negative publicity based on the identity of those with whom we choose to do business. the public holds diverse and conflicting views of those entities and their activities, including the perceived environmental, social or economic impacts of our business and that of our customers, vendors and suppliers. because regions has multiple stakeholders, among them shareholders, customers, employees, federal and state regulatory authorities, and political entities, often those stakeholders have differing priorities and expectations regarding esg issues. simultaneous, disparate sentiments from multiple stakeholder groups must be considered. taking action in conflict with one or another of those stakeholder's expectations could lead to loss of business, adverse publicity, customer complaints, or public protests. negative publicity may be driven by adverse news coverage in traditional media and may also be spread more broadly through the use of social media platforms. if regions' relationships with its customers, vendors and suppliers were to become the subject of such negative publicity, our ability to attract and retain customers and employees, compete effectively, and grow our business may be negatively impacted. additionally, a growing number of investors (in particular significant u.s. institutional investors who hold and manage substantial equity positions, in some cases in nearly all major u.s. listed companies) are integrating esg factors into their analysis of the expected risk and return of potential investments. the specific esg factors considered, as well as the approach to incorporating the factors into a broader investment process, vary by investor and can shift over time. regions' failure to align with, or remain aligned with, investors' esg-related priorities may negatively impact the trading price of our common stock.
if we experience greater credit losses in our loan portfolios than anticipated, our earnings may be materially adversely affected.
as a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our customers will be unable to repay their loans and leases according to their terms and that any collateral securing the payment of their loans and leases may not be sufficient to assure repayment. credit losses are inherent in the business of making loans and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
we make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio and provide an allowance for credit losses based on a number of factors. our management periodically determines the allowance for credit losses based on available information, including the quality of the loan portfolio, the value of the underlying collateral and the level of non-accrual loans, taking into account relevant information about past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions that affect the collectability of our loan portfolio. increases in the allowance will result in an expense for the period, thereby reducing our reported net income. if, as a result of general economic conditions, there is a decrease in asset quality or growth in the loan portfolio and management determines that additional increases in the allowance for credit losses are necessary, we may incur additional expenses which will reduce our net income, and our business, results of operations or financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
although our management will establish an allowance for credit losses it believes is appropriate to absorb expected credit losses over the life of loans in our loan portfolio, this allowance may not be adequate. for example, if a hurricane or other natural disaster were to occur in one of our principal markets or if economic conditions in those markets were to deteriorate unexpectedly, additional credit losses not incorporated in the existing allowance for credit losses may occur. losses in excess of the existing allowance for credit losses will reduce our net income and could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, perhaps materially.
in addition, bank regulatory agencies will periodically review our allowance for credit losses and the value attributed to non-accrual loans and to real estate acquired through foreclosure. such regulatory agencies may require us to adjust our determination of the value for these items. these adjustments could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
table of contents as discussed in greater detail below, cecl became effective january 1, 2020, and substantially changed the accounting for credit losses on loans and other financial assets. the accounting standard removed the historical "probable" threshold in gaap for recognizing credit losses and instead required companies to reflect their estimate of credit losses over the life of the financial assets. see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report on form 10-k for disclosure on the impact to the allowance at adoption in 2020.
weakness in the residential real estate markets could adversely affect our performance.
as of december 31, 2021, consumer residential real estate loans represented approximately 27.1% of our total loan portfolio. declines in home values would adversely affect the value of collateral securing the residential real estate that we hold, as well as the volume of loan originations and the amount we realize on the sale of real estate loans. these factors could result in higher delinquencies and greater charge-offs in future periods, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
weakness in the commercial real estate markets could adversely affect our performance.
as of december 31, 2021, approximately 8.0% of our loan portfolio consisted of investor real estate loans. the properties securing income-producing investor real estate loans are typically not fully leased at the origination of the loan. the borrower's ability to repay the loan is instead dependent upon additional leasing through the life of the loan or the borrower's successful operation of a business. continued uncertainty in economic conditions, including those caused by the covid-19 pandemic, may impair a borrower's business operations and slow the execution of new leases. such economic conditions may also lead to existing lease turnover. as a result of these factors, vacancy rates for retail, office and industrial space may increase, and hotel occupancy rates may decline. high vacancy and lower occupancy rates could also result in rents falling. the combination of these factors could result in deterioration in the fundamentals underlying the commercial real estate market and the deterioration in value of some of our loans. any such deterioration could adversely affect the ability of our borrowers to repay the amounts due under their loans. as a result, our business, results of operations or financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
risks associated with home equity products where we are in a second lien position could materially adversely affect our performance.
home equity products, particularly those in a second lien position, may carry a higher risk of of non-collection than other loans. home equity lending includes both home equity loans and lines of credit. of our $6.3 billion home equity portfolio at december 31, 2021, approximately $3.7 billion were home equity lines of credit and $2.5 billion were closed-end home equity loans (primarily originated as amortizing loans). real estate market values at the time of origination directly affect the amount of credit extended, and, in addition, past and future changes in these values impact the depth of potential losses. second lien position lending carries higher credit risk because any decrease in real estate pricing may result in the value of the collateral being insufficient to cover the second lien after the first lien position has been satisfied. as of december 31, 2021, approximately $1.8 billion of our home equity lines and loans were in a second lien position.
weakness in commodity businesses could adversely affect our performance.
many of our borrowers operate in industries that are directly or indirectly impacted by changes in commodity prices. this includes agriculture, livestock, metals, timber, textiles and energy businesses (including oil, gas and petrochemical), as well as businesses indirectly impacted by commodities prices such as businesses that transport commodities or manufacture equipment used in production of commodities. changes in commodity products prices depend on local, regional and global events or conditions that affect supply and demand for the relevant commodity. these industries have been, and may in the future be, subject to significant volatility. for example, oil prices have been volatile in recent years, including in 2020 and 2021, and in 2021 commodity prices have generally increased as a result of increased demand combined with supply chain disruption driven by the covid-19 pandemic. as a consequence of oil and gas price volatility, our energy-related portfolio may be subject to additional pressure on credit quality metrics including past due, criticized, and non-performing loans, as well as net charge-offs. in addition, legislative changes such as the elimination of certain tax incentives and the transition to a less carbon dependent economy in response to climate change and other factors could have significant impacts on this portfolio.
industry competition may adversely affect our degree of success.
our profitability depends on our ability to compete successfully. we operate in a highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes, as well as continued industry consolidation. this consolidation may produce larger, better-capitalized and more geographically diverse companies that are capable of offering a wider array of financial products and services at more competitive prices. for example, there have been a number of recently completed or announced significant mergers of financial institutions within our market areas, and there may in the future be additional consolidation. these mergers will, if completed, allow the merged financial institutions to benefit from cost savings and shared resources.
in our market areas, we face competition from other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, internet banks, fintechs, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, brokerage and investment banking firms, table of contents mortgage companies, and other financial intermediaries that offer similar services. some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business.
in addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services, such as loans and payment services, that traditionally were banking products, and made it possible for technology companies to compete with financial institutions in providing electronic, internet-based, and mobile phone-based financial solutions. competition with non-banks, including technology companies, to provide financial products and services is intensifying. in particular, the activity of fintechs has grown significantly over recent years and is expected to continue to grow. fintechs have and may continue to offer bank or bank-like products. for example, a number of fintechs have applied for, and in some cases been granted, bank or industrial loan charters. in addition, other fintechs have partnered with existing banks to allow them to offer deposit products to their customers. regulatory changes, such as the december 2020 revisions to the fdic's rules on brokered deposits intended to reflect recent technological changes and innovations, may also make it easier for fintechs to partner with banks and offer deposit products. in addition to fintechs, traditional technology companies have begun to make efforts toward providing financial services directly to their customers and are expected to continue to explore new ways to do so. many of these companies, including our competitors, have fewer regulatory constraints, and some have lower cost structures, in part due to lack of physical locations. although providing digital products and services has been important to serving customers and competing in the financial services industry for some time, the covid-19 pandemic has further accelerated the move toward digital banking and financial services and we expect a bank's digital offerings to be a key competitive differentiator beyond the covid-19 pandemic. the move toward digital banking and financial services, and customer expectations regarding digital offerings, will require us to invest greater resources in technological improvements and may put us at a disadvantage to banks and non-banks with greater resources to spend on technology..
our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of additional factors, including customer convenience, quality of service, personal contacts, the quality of the technology that supports the customer experience, pricing and range of products. if we are unable to successfully compete for new customers and to retain our current customers, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected, perhaps materially. in particular, if we experience an outflow of deposits as a result of our customers seeking investments with higher yields or greater financial stability, we may be forced to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding to operate our business and meet withdrawal demands, thereby adversely affecting our net interest margin and financial performance. in addition, we may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. as a result, our ability to effectively compete to retain or acquire new business may be impaired, and our business, financial condition or results of operations, may be adversely affected.
fluctuations in market interest rates may adversely affect our performance.
our profitability depends to a large extent on our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income received on interest-earning assets (primarily loans, leases, investment securities and cash balances held at the frb) and the interest expense incurred in connection with interest-bearing liabilities (primarily deposits and borrowings). the level of net interest income is primarily a function of the average balance of interest-earning assets, the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities and the spread between the yield on such assets and the cost of such liabilities. these factors are influenced by both the pricing and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities which, in turn, are impacted by external factors such as the local economy, competition for loans and deposits, the monetary policy of the fomc and interest rates markets.
the cost of our deposits and short-term wholesale borrowings is largely based on market-based liquidity and short-term interest rates, the level of which is influenced heavily by the fomc's monetary policy. however, the yields generated by our loans and securities are typically driven by both short-term and longer-term interest rates. longer-term rates are affected by multiple factors including the actions of the fomc such as quantitative easing or tightening, as well as the market's expectations for future inflation, growth and other economic considerations. the level of net interest income is, therefore, influenced by the overall level of interest rates along with the shape of the yield curve. interest rate volatility can reduce unrealized gains or create unrealized losses in our portfolios. if the interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities increase at a faster pace than the interest rates on our interest-earning assets, our net interest income may decline. our net interest income would be similarly affected if the interest rates on our interest-earning assets declined at a faster pace than the interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities.
the monetary response to the pandemic, including significant reductions to the federal funds rate along with the federal reserves's quantitative easing program, has led to a decrease in the yields on u.s. treasury securities. the yield curve steepened throughout 2021 in anticipation of an economic recovery and removal of monetary accommodation. however, if interest rates remain near historic lows or move lower, we would expect modest declines in net interest income over the next twelve months given the protection that remains in place from the company's interest rate hedging program.
conversely, an increasing rate environment would have a positive impact on net interest income. however, increasing rates would also increase debt service requirements for some of our borrowers and may adversely affect those borrowers' ability to pay as contractually obligated and could result in additional delinquencies or charge-offs. our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected as a result.
table of contents for a more detailed discussion of these risks and our management strategies for these risks, see the "executive overview", "net interest income, margin and interest rate risk," "net interest income and margin," "market risk-interest rate risk" and "securities" sections of item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this annual report on form 10-k.
transitions away from and the replacement of libor and other benchmark rates could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our floating-rate funding, certain hedging transactions and certain of the products that we offer, such as floating-rate loans and mortgages, determine their applicable interest rate or payment amount by reference to a benchmark rate, such as libor, or to an index, currency, basket or other financial metric. libor and certain other benchmark rates are the subject of recent national, international, and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. the u.k. fca and the administrator for libor have announced that the publication of one week and two-month libor settings ceased to be published or to be representative as of december 31, 2021. the publication of all other libor settings, which are the most commonly used u.s. dollar libor settings, will cease to be published or cease to be representative after june 30, 2023. in addition, the u.s. bank regulators had also issued guidance strongly encouraging banking organizations to cease using u.s. dollar libor as a reference rate in new contracts as soon as practicable and in any event by december 31, 2021. as a result, financial market participants have begun to transition away from libor and other similar inter-bank offering rates. this transition is further supported by the requirements of the eu benchmarks regulation, which no longer permits inter-bank offering rates that rely on quotes or estimates submitted by contributing banks that are not anchored in transaction-based data.
various regulators, industry bodies and other market participants in the u.s. and other countries are engaged in initiatives to develop, introduce and encourage the use of alternative rates to replace certain benchmarks. in the u.s., sofr has been identified by the alternate reference rates committee convened by the federal reserve as the alternative benchmark rate to u.s. dollar libor.
however, there continues to be substantial uncertainty as to the ultimate effects of libor transition, including with respect to the acceptance and use of sofr or other alternative benchmark rates. the characteristics of these new rates are not identical to the benchmarks they seek to replace, will not produce the exact economic equivalent as those benchmarks, and may perform differently in a variety of market conditions compared to those benchmarks.
uncertainty remains as to the transition process and acceptance of sofr as the primary alternative to libor. derivatives markets linked to proposed alternatives, including swaps markets, have not yet developed into robust markets, which may present continuing risks as the june 30, 2023 cessation date approaches. other benchmark administrators have also proposed potentially viable replacement rate options, including bloomberg index services limited's "bsby" and the american financial exchange's "ameribor". at this time, it is not possible to predict whether any of the available rates will be broadly accepted, whether they will continue to evolve, and what the effect of their implementation may be on the markets for floating-rate financial instruments. further, it is not possible to predict the extent of additional developments in derivative markets linked to these benchmarks.
certain of our libor-based financial products and contracts, including, but not limited to, hedging products, debt obligations, preferred stock, investments, and loans, extend beyond proposed libor cessation timelines. we are in the process of assessing the impact that a cessation or market replacement of libor would have on these various products and contracts.
for a more detailed discussion of our management strategies related to the libor cessation and transition, see the "libor transition" section of item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this annual report on form 10-k.
any future reductions in our credit ratings may increase our funding costs and place limitations on business activities.
the major ratings agencies regularly evaluate us, and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. in general, ratings agencies base their ratings on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix and level and quality of earnings, and we may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings. the ratings assigned to regions and regions bank remain subject to change at any time, and it is possible that any ratings agency will take action to downgrade regions, regions bank or both in the future. additionally, ratings agencies may also make substantial changes to their ratings policies and practices, which may affect our credit ratings. in the future, changes to existing ratings guidelines and new ratings guidelines may, among other things, adversely affect the ratings of our securities or other securities in which we have an economic interest.
regions' credit ratings can have negative consequences that can impact our ability to access the debt and capital markets, as well as reduce our profitability through increased costs on future debt issuances. if regions were to be downgraded below investment grade, we may not be able to reliably access the short-term unsecured funding markets, and certain customers could be prohibited from placing deposits with regions bank, which could cause us to hold more cash and liquid investments to meet our ongoing liquidity needs. such actions could reduce our profitability as these liquid investments earn a lower return than table of contents other assets, such as loans. see the "liquidity" section within "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this annual report on form 10-k for regions' liquidity policy.
additionally, if regions were to be downgraded to below investment grade, certain counterparty contracts may be required to be renegotiated or require posting of additional collateral. refer to note 20 "derivative financial instruments and hedging activities" to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report on form 10-k for the fair value of contracts subject to contingent credit features and the collateral postings associated with such contracts. although the exact amount of additional collateral is unknown, it is reasonable to conclude that regions may be required to post additional collateral related to existing contracts with contingent credit features.
the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets may decline in the future.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $5.7 billion of goodwill and $305 million of other intangible assets. a significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate, slower economic growth or a significant and sustained decline in the price of our common stock, any or all of which could be materially impacted by many of the risk factors discussed herein, may necessitate our taking charges in the future related to the impairment of our goodwill. although they have not to-date, the effects of the covid-19 pandemic may in the future impact our assessment of our goodwill. future regulatory actions and increases in income tax rates could also have a material impact on assessments of goodwill for impairment. if we were to conclude that a future write-down of our goodwill is necessary, we would record the appropriate charge, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
identifiable intangible assets other than goodwill consist primarily of core deposit intangibles, purchased credit card relationship assets, broker and contractor origination networks and agency commercial real estate licenses. adverse events or circumstances could impact the recoverability of these intangible assets including loss of core deposits, losses of broker and contractor relationships, significant losses of credit card accounts and/or balances, increased competition and adverse changes in the economy. to the extent these intangible assets are deemed unrecoverable, a non-cash impairment charge would be recorded, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
the value of our deferred tax assets could adversely affect our operating results and regulatory capital ratios.
as of december 31, 2021, regions had approximately $306 million in net deferred tax liabilities, which included approximately $603 million of deferred tax assets (net of valuation allowance of $29 million). our deferred tax assets are subject to an evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that they will be realized for financial statement purposes. in making this determination, we consider all positive and negative evidence available, including the impact of recent operating results, future reversals of taxable temporary differences, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards and tax planning strategies. we have determined that the deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized at december 31, 2021 (except for $29 million related to state deferred tax assets for which we have established a valuation allowance). if we were to conclude that a significant portion of our deferred tax assets were not more likely than not to be realized, the required valuation allowance could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and regulatory capital ratios. in addition, the value of our deferred tax assets and liabilities would be affected by a change in statutory tax rates. an increase in statutory rates would have an adverse effect on a net deferred tax liability position. other tax law changes could have a detrimental impact on the value of deferred tax assets.
changes in the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us.
financial services companies are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. we have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. as a result, defaults by, or even mere speculation about, one or more financial services companies, or the financial services industry generally, may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. in addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated if the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or lease or derivative exposure due us. any such losses may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our businesses may be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees.
our success depends, in part, on our executive officers and other key personnel. the market for qualified individuals is highly competitive, and we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or candidates to replace or succeed members of our senior management team or other key personnel. as a large financial and banking institution, we may be subject to limitations on compensation practices, which may or may not affect our competitors, by the federal reserve, the fdic or other regulators. these limitations could further affect our ability to attract and retain our executive officers and other key personnel, in particular as we are more often competing for personnel with fintechs, technology companies and other less regulated entities who may not have the same limitations on compensation as we do. the increase in remote work arrangements and opportunities in regional, national and global labor markets has also increased competition to attract and retain skilled personnel. our current or future approach to in-office and remote-work arrangements may not meet the needs or expectations of table of contents our current or prospective employees or may not be perceived as favorable as the arrangements offered by other employers, which could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain employees.
we are subject to a variety of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or theft by employees, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we are exposed to many types of operational risks, including business resilience, process, third party, information technology, human resource, model, and fraud risks, each of which may be amplified by continued remote work. regions' fraud risks include fraud committed by external parties against the company or its customers and fraud committed internally by our associates. certain fraud risks, including identity theft and account takeover may increase as a result of customers' account or personally identifiable information being obtained through breaches of retailers' or other third parties' networks. we have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, mitigate, report and analyze these risks; however, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated, monitored or identified. if our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses, we may have to expend resources detecting and correcting the failure in our systems and we may be subject to potential claims from third parties and government agencies. we may also suffer severe reputational damage. any of these consequences could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. in particular, the unauthorized disclosure, misappropriation, mishandling or misuse of personal, non-public, confidential or proprietary information of customers could result in significant regulatory consequences, reputational damage and financial loss.
damage to our reputation could significantly harm our businesses.
our ability to attract and retain customers and highly-skilled management and employees is impacted by our reputation. a negative public opinion of us and our business can result from any number of activities, including our lending practices, corporate governance and regulatory compliance, acquisitions and actions taken by community organizations in response to these activities. furthermore, negative publicity regarding regions as an employer could have an adverse impact on our reputation, especially with respect to matters of diversity, pay equity and workplace harassment.
significant harm to our reputation, or the reputation of any company, could also arise as a result of regulatory or governmental actions, litigation and the activities of our customers, other participants in the financial services industry or our contractual counterparties, such as our service providers and vendors. the potential harm is heightened given increased attention to how corporations address environmental, social and governance issues.
in addition, a cybersecurity event affecting regions or our customers' data could have a negative impact on our reputation and customer confidence in regions and its cybersecurity practices. damage to our reputation could also adversely affect our credit ratings and access to the capital markets.
additionally, whereas negative public opinion once was primarily driven by adverse news coverage in traditional media, the widespread use of social media platforms by virtually every segment of society facilitates the rapid dissemination of information or misinformation, which magnifies the potential harm to our reputation.
we are subject to a variety of systems failure and cybersecurity risks that could adversely affect our business and financial performance.
failure in or breach of our systems, or those of our third-party service providers (or providers to such third-party service providers), including as a result of cyber-attacks, could disrupt our businesses or the businesses of our customers. this could result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage to our reputation, increases to our costs and cause financial losses. as a large financial institution, we depend on our ability to process, record and monitor a large number of customer transactions on a continuous basis. as public and regulatory expectations, as well as our customers' expectations, have increased regarding operational performance and information security, our systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions and breakdowns. our business, financial, accounting and data processing systems or other operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. for example, there could be electrical or telecommunications outages; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes; pandemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic; events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts and civil unrest; and, as described below, cyber-attacks. although we have business continuity plans and other safeguards in place, our business operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers. for a discussion of the guidance that federal banking regulators have released regarding cybersecurity and cyber risk management standards, see the "supervision and regulation-financial privacy and cybersecurity" section of item 1. "business" of this annual report on form 10-k.
information security risks for large financial institutions, such as regions, have increased significantly in recent years in part because of the proliferation of technology-based products and services and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, nation-states, activists and other external parties. this increase is expected to continue and further intensify. third parties with whom we or our customers do business also present operational and information security risks to us, including security breaches or failures of their own systems. in recent years, attacks in which hackers inserted table of contents malware into software updates, have highlighted the growing risk from the infection of software while it is under assembly, known as a supply chain attack. while regions has not experienced similar attacks, we could become the subject of a similar style attack through a supply chain compromise. as noted above, our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks. in addition, to access our products and services, our customers may use personal computers, smartphones, tablets, and other mobile devices that are beyond our control environment. although we believe that we have appropriate information security procedures and controls designed to prevent or limit the effects of a cyber-attack or information security breach, our technologies, systems, networks and our customers' devices may be the target of cyber-attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of regions' or our customers' confidential, proprietary and other information. we also have insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain losses associated with cyber-attacks or information security breaches, but it may be insufficient to cover all losses from any such attack or breach, including any related damage to our reputation. in addition, given the proliferation of cyber-events in our industry, the cost of cyber insurance is expected to continue to increase and may not be available at all or on acceptable terms. additionally, cyber-attacks (such as denial of service, ransomware, or malware attacks), hacking or terrorist activities, could disrupt regions' or our customers' or other third parties' business operations. for example, denial of service attacks have been launched against a number of large financial services institutions, including regions. although these past events have not resulted in a breach of regions' client data or account information, such attacks have adversely affected the performance of regions bank's website, www.regions.com, and, in some instances, prevented customers from accessing regions bank's secure websites for consumer and commercial applications. in all cases, the attacks primarily resulted in inconvenience; however, future cyber-attacks could be more disruptive and damaging, and regions may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks. work-from-home arrangements such as those implemented in response to the covid-19 pandemic may also present additional cybersecurity, information security and operational risks. during the covid-19 pandemic, we have experienced a modest increase in cybersecurity events, such as phishing attacks and malicious traffic. our layered control environment has effectively detected and prevented any material impact related to these events to date.
as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our layers of defense or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. we may also be required to incur significant costs in connection with any regulatory investigation or civil litigation resulting from a cyber-attack or information security breach that impacts us. in addition, our third-party service providers may be unable to identify vulnerabilities in their systems or, once identified, be unable to promptly provide required patches or other remedial measures. further, even if provided, such patches or remedial measures may not fully address any vulnerability or may be difficult for regions to implement. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and can be initiated from a variety of sources, including terrorist organizations and hostile foreign governments. these criminals may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to data or our systems.
disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers, or cyber-attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems or devices that our customers use to access our products and services, could result in customer attrition, regulatory fines, civil litigation, penalties or intervention, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, remediation costs, additional cybersecurity protection costs, increased insurance premiums and/or additional compliance costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. we could also be adversely affected if we lost access to information or services from a third-party service provider as a result of a security breach, system or operational failure or disruption affecting the third-party service provider. for a more detailed discussion of these risks and specific occurrences, see the "information security risk" section of item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this annual report on form 10-k.
we are also subject to laws and regulations relating to the privacy and security of the information of clients, employees or others, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. as new privacy and security-related laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us to comply with such laws and regulations, as well as our potential liability for non-compliance and reporting obligations in the case of data breaches, may significantly increase. in addition, our businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to privacy, surveillance, encryption and data use in the jurisdictions in which we operate. compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our policies, procedures and technology for information security and segregation of data, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to operational failures and to monetary penalties for breach of such laws and regulations.
we rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure.
third parties provide key components of our business operations such as data processing, recording and monitoring transactions, online banking interfaces and services, internet connections and network access. while we have selected these third-party vendors carefully, performing upfront due diligence and ongoing monitoring activities, we do not control their actions. any issues that arise with respect to these third parties, including those resulting from disruptions in services provided table of contents by a vendor (including as a result of a cyber-attack, other information security event or a natural disaster), financial or operational difficulties for the vendor, issues at third-party vendors to the vendors, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, failure of a vendor to provide services for any reason, poor performance of services, failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or fraud or misconduct on the part of employees of any of our vendors, could trigger regulatory notification obligations on us, adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers, our reputation and our ability to conduct our business. in certain situations, replacing these third-party vendors could also create significant delay and expense. accordingly, use of such third parties creates an unavoidable, inherent risk to our business operations. such risk was also impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, as many of our vendors have also been, and may continue to be, affected by increased remote work, market volatility and other factors that increase their risks of business disruption or that may otherwise affect their ability to perform under the terms of any agreements with us or provide essential services.
we depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties.
in deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with clients and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. we also may rely on representations of clients and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors if made available. if this information is inaccurate, we may be subject to regulatory action, reputational harm or other adverse effects with respect to the operation of our business, our financial condition and our results of operations.
we are exposed to risk of environmental liability when we take title to property.
in the course of our business, we may foreclose on and take title to real estate. as a result, we could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. we may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination or may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at a property. the costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. in addition, if we are the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, we may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. if we become subject to significant environmental liabilities, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
we rely on the mortgage secondary market for some of our liquidity.
in 2021, we sold 45.1% of the mortgage loans we originated to the agencies. we rely on the agencies to purchase loans that meet their conforming loan requirements in order to reduce our credit risk and provide funding for additional loans we desire to originate. we cannot provide assurance that the agencies will not materially limit their purchases of conforming loans due to capital constraints, a change in the criteria for conforming loans or other factors. additionally, various proposals have been made to reform the u.s. residential mortgage finance market, including the role of the agencies. the exact effects of any such reforms, if implemented, are not yet known, but they may limit our ability to sell conforming loans to the agencies. if we are unable to continue to sell conforming loans to the agencies, our ability to fund, and thus originate, additional mortgage loans may be adversely affected, which would adversely affect our results of operations.
we are subject to a variety of risks in connection with any sale of loans we may conduct.
in connection with our sale of one or more loan portfolios, we may make certain representations and warranties to the purchaser concerning the loans sold and the procedures under which those loans have been originated and serviced. if any of these representations and warranties are incorrect, we may be required to indemnify the purchaser for any related losses, or we may be required to repurchase part or all of the affected loans. we may also be required to repurchase loans as a result of borrower fraud or in the event of early payment default by the borrower on a loan we have sold. if we are required to make any indemnity payments or repurchases and do not have a remedy available to us against a solvent counterparty, we may not be able to recover our losses resulting from these indemnity payments and repurchases. consequently, our results of operations may be adversely affected.
in addition, we must report as held for sale any loans that we have undertaken to sell, whether or not a purchase agreement for the loans has been executed. we may, therefore, be unable to ultimately complete a sale for part or all of the loans we classify as held for sale. management must exercise its judgment in determining when loans must be reclassified from held for investment status to held for sale status under applicable accounting guidelines. any failure to accurately report loans as held for sale could result in regulatory investigations and monetary penalties. any of these actions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. reclassifying loans from held for investment to held for sale also requires that the affected loans be marked to the lower of cost or fair value. as a result, any loans classified as held for sale may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates and by changes in the borrower's creditworthiness. we may be required to reduce the value of any loans we mark held for sale, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
table of contents our reported financial results depend on management's selection of accounting methods and certain assumptions and estimates.
our accounting policies and assumptions are fundamental to our reported financial condition and results of operations. our management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods so they comply with gaap and reflect management's judgment of the most appropriate manner to report our financial condition and results. in some cases, management must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which may be reasonable under the circumstances, yet may result in us reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative.
certain accounting policies are critical to presenting our reported financial condition and results of operations. they require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are uncertain. materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions or estimates. the company's critical accounting estimates include: the allowance for credit losses; fair value measurements; intangible assets; residential msrs; and income taxes. because of the uncertainty of estimates involved in these matters, we may be required to do one or more of the following: significantly increase the allowance for credit losses and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the allowance provided; recognize significant losses on assets carried at fair value; recognize significant impairment on our goodwill, other intangible assets or deferred tax asset balances; significantly increase our accrued income taxes; or significantly decrease the value of our residential msrs. any of these actions could adversely affect our reported financial condition and results of operations.
if the models that we use in our business perform poorly or provide inadequate information, our business or results of operations may be adversely affected.
we utilize quantitative models, machine learning models, and artificial intelligence models to assist in measuring risks and estimating or predicting certain financial values. models may be used in processes such as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, forecasting financial performance, predicting losses, improving customer services, maintaining adherence to laws and regulations, assessing capital adequacy, calculating regulatory capital levels, preventing fraud, strengthening customer authentication processes, generating marketing analytics, prospecting leads, and estimating the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. poorly designed, implemented, or managed models present the risk that our business decisions that consider information based on such models will be adversely affected due to the inadequacy or inaccuracy of that information, which may lead to losses, damage our reputation and adversely affect our reported financial condition and results of operations. also, information we provide to the public or to our regulators based on poorly designed, implemented, or managed models could be inaccurate or misleading. some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to our shareholders, could be affected adversely due to the perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is insufficient.
changes in our accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how we report our financial results and condition.
from time to time, the fasb and sec change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. these changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. for example, fasb's cecl accounting standard became effective on january 1, 2020 and substantially changed the accounting for credit losses on loans and other financial assets held by banks, financial institutions and other organizations. the standard had a material impact to our allowance and capital at adoption. see regions' impact at adoption in note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020.
in march 2020, the federal banking agencies released an interim final rule, subsequently adopted as a final rule in august 2020, which allows an addback to regulatory capital for the impacts of cecl for a two-year period and at the end of the two years the impact is then phased in over the following three years. see note 12 "regulatory capital requirements and restrictions" to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report on form 10-k for disclosure on the impact of the addback.
risks arising from the legal and regulatory framework in which our business operates we are, and may in the future be, subject to litigation, investigations and governmental proceedings that may result in liabilities adversely affecting our financial condition, business or results of operations or in reputational harm.
we and our subsidiaries are, and may in the future be, named as defendants in various class actions and other litigation, and may be the subject of subpoenas, reviews, requests for information, investigations, and formal and informal proceedings by government and self-regulatory agencies regarding our and their businesses and activities (including subpoenas, requests for information and investigations related to the activities of our customers). any such matters may result in material adverse consequences to our results of operations, financial condition or ability to conduct our business, including adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties (including civil money penalties under applicable banking laws), injunctions, restitution, orders, table of contents restrictions on our business activities or other relief. our involvement in any such matters, even if the matters are ultimately determined in our favor, could also cause significant harm to our reputation and divert management attention from the operation of our business. further, any settlement, consent order or adverse judgment in connection with any formal or informal proceeding or investigation by government or self-regulatory agencies may result in additional litigation, investigations or proceedings as other litigants and government or self-regulatory agencies (including the inquiries mentioned above) begin independent reviews of the same businesses or activities. in general, the amounts paid by financial institutions in settlement of proceedings or investigations, including those relating to anti-money laundering matters or sales practices, have increased substantially and are likely to remain elevated. regulators and other governmental authorities may also be more likely to pursue enforcement actions, or seek admissions of wrongdoing, in connection with the resolution of an inquiry or investigation to the extent a firm has previously been subject to other governmental investigations or enforcement actions. in some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or other extraordinary terms as part of such settlements, which could have significant collateral consequences for a financial institution, including loss of customers, restrictions on the ability to access the capital markets, and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products for a period of time. in addition, enforcement matters could impact our supervisory and cra ratings, which may in turn restrict or limit our activities.
additional information relating to our litigation, investigations and other proceedings is discussed in note 23 "commitments, contingencies and guarantees" to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report on form 10-k.
we are subject to extensive governmental regulation, which could have an adverse impact on our operations.
we are subject to extensive state and federal regulation, supervision and examination governing almost all aspects of our operations, which limits the businesses in which we may permissibly engage. the laws and regulations governing our business are intended primarily for the protection of our depositors, our customers, the financial system and the fdic insurance fund, not our shareholders or other creditors. these laws and regulations govern a variety of matters, including certain debt obligations, changes in control, maintenance of adequate capital, and general business operations and financial condition (including permissible types, amounts and terms of loans and investments, the amount of reserves against deposits, restrictions on dividends and repurchases of our capital securities, establishment of branch offices, and the maximum interest rate that may be charged by law). further, we must obtain approval from our regulators before engaging in many activities, and our regulators have the ability to compel us to, or restrict us from, taking certain actions entirely. there can be no assurance that any regulatory approvals we may require or otherwise seek will be obtained.
regulations affecting banks and other financial institutions are undergoing continuous review and frequently change, and the ultimate effect of such changes cannot be predicted. regulations and laws may be modified or repealed at any time, and new legislation may be enacted that will affect us, regions bank and our subsidiaries, including any changes resulting from the recent change in u.s. presidential administration and change in control of the u.s. senate.
any changes in any federal and state law, as well as regulations and governmental policies, income tax laws and accounting principles, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, including ways that may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. failure to appropriately comply with any such laws, regulations or principles could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties or damage to our reputation, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. our regulatory capital position is discussed in greater detail in note 12 "regulatory capital requirements and restrictions" to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report on form 10-k.
we may be subject to more stringent capital and liquidity requirements.
regions and regions bank are each subject to capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines and other regulatory requirements specifying minimum amounts and types of capital that must be maintained. from time to time, the regulators implement changes to these regulatory capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines. if we fail to meet these minimum capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines and other regulatory requirements, we or our subsidiaries may be restricted in the types of activities we may conduct and may be prohibited from taking certain capital actions, such as paying dividends and repurchasing or redeeming capital securities.
regions and regions bank are each required to comply with applicable capital adequacy standards established by the federal reserve, which are based on the basel iii framework. the basel committee has published standards that it describes as the finalization of the basel iii post-crisis regulatory reforms. these standards will generally be effective on january 1, 2023, with an aggregate output floor phasing in through january 1, 2028. among other things, these standards revise the standardized approach for credit risk and provide a new standardized approach for operational risk capital. under the current capital rules, these standards only apply to advanced approached institutions and not to regions or regions bank, however the impact of these standards on us will depend on the manner in which the revisions are implemented in the u.s. with respect to firms such as regions and regions bank.
for more information concerning our compliance with capital and liquidity requirements, see note 12 "regulatory capital requirements and restrictions" to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report on form 10-k..
table of contents rulemaking changes and regulatory initiatives implemented by the cfpb may result in higher regulatory and compliance costs that may adversely affect our results of operations.
since its formation, the cfpb has finalized a number of significant rules and introduced new regulatory initiatives that could have a significant impact on our business and the financial services industry more generally. we may also be required to add additional compliance personnel or incur other significant compliance-related expenses. our business, results of operations or competitive position may be adversely affected as a result.
we may not be able to complete future acquisitions, may not be successful in realizing the benefits of any future acquisitions that are completed, or may choose not to pursue acquisition opportunities we might find beneficial.
we may, from time to time, evaluate and engage in the acquisition or divestiture of businesses (including their assets or liabilities, such as loans or deposits). we must generally satisfy a number of meaningful conditions prior to completing any such transaction, including in certain cases, federal and state bank regulatory approvals.
the process for obtaining required regulatory approvals, particularly for large financial institutions, like regions, can be difficult, time-consuming and unpredictable. we may fail to pursue, evaluate or complete strategic and competitively significant business opportunities as a result of our inability, or our perceived inability, to obtain required regulatory approvals in a timely manner or at all.
assuming we are able to successfully complete one or more transactions, we may not be able to successfully integrate and realize the expected synergies from any completed transaction in a timely manner or at all. in particular, we may be held responsible by federal and state regulators for regulatory and compliance failures at an acquired business prior to the date of the acquisition, and these failures by the acquired company may have negative consequences for us, including the imposition of formal or informal enforcement actions. completion and integration of any transaction may also divert management attention from other matters, result in additional costs and expenses, or adversely affect our relationships with our customers and employees, any of which may adversely affect our business or results of operations. future acquisitions may also result in dilution of our current shareholders' ownership interests or may require we incur additional indebtedness or use a substantial amount of our available cash and other liquid assets. as a result, our financial condition may be affected, and we may become more susceptible to economic conditions and competitive pressures.
increases in fdic insurance assessments may adversely affect our earnings.
our deposits are insured by the fdic up to legal limits and, accordingly, we are subject to fdic deposit insurance assessments. we generally cannot control the amount of assessments we will be required to pay for fdic insurance. the fdic may require us to pay higher fdic assessments than we currently do or may charge additional special assessments or future prepayments if, for example, there are financial institution failures in the future. any increase in deposit assessments or special assessments may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. see the "supervision and regulation-deposit insurance" discussion within item 1. "business" and the "non-interest expense" discussion within item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information related to the fdic's deposit insurance assessments applicable to regions bank.
unfavorable results from ongoing stress analyses may adversely affect our ability to retain customers or compete for new business opportunities.
the federal reserve conducts supervisory stress testing of regions to evaluate our ability to absorb losses in baseline and severely adverse economic and stressed financial scenarios generated by the federal reserve. the federal reserve also has implemented the scb framework which created a firm-specific risk sensitive buffer that is informed by the results of supervisory stress testing, and is applied to regulatory minimum capital levels to help determine effective minimum ratio requirements. firm specific scb requirements, as well as a summary of the results of certain aspects of the federal reserve's supervisory stress testing and firm specific results are released publicly.
although the theoretical stress tests are not meant to assess our current condition or outlook, our customers may misinterpret and negatively react to the results of these stress tests despite the strength of our financial condition. any potential misinterpretations and adverse reactions could limit our ability to attract and retain customers or to effectively compete for new business opportunities. the inability to attract and retain customers or effectively compete for new business may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our regulators may also require us to raise additional capital or take other actions, or may impose restrictions on capital distributions, based on the results of the supervisory stress tests, such as requiring revisions or resubmission of our annual capital plan, which could adversely affect our ability to pay dividends and repurchase capital securities. in addition, we may not be able to raise additional capital if required to do so, or may not be able to do so on terms that we believe are advantageous to regions or its current shareholders. any such capital raises, if required, may also be dilutive to our existing shareholders. as discussed in the "supervision and regulation" section of item 1. of this annual report on form 10-k, in the second quarter of 2021, we received the results of our voluntary participation in the 2021 ccar process. the federal reserve communicated that the company exceeded all minimum capital levels under the supervisory stress test and the table of contents company's scb for the fourth quarter of 2021 through the third quarter of 2022 is floored at 2.5 percent. despite exceeding these minimum capital levels, we may experience unfavorable results from stress test analyses in the future.
if an orderly liquidation of a systemically important bhc or non-bank financial company were triggered, we could face assessments for the orderly liquidation fund.
the dodd-frank act created a new mechanism, the ola, for liquidation of systemically important bhcs and non-bank financial companies. the ola is administered by the fdic and is based on the fdic's bank resolution model. the secretary of the u.s. treasury may trigger a liquidation under this authority only after consultation with the president of the u.s. and after receiving a recommendation from the boards of the fdic and the federal reserve upon a two-thirds vote. liquidation proceedings will be funded by the orderly liquidation fund, which will borrow from the u.s. treasury and impose risk-based assessments on covered financial companies. risk-based assessments would be made, first, on entities that received more in the resolution than they would have received in the liquidation to the extent of such excess, and second, if necessary, on, among others, bhcs with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more, such as regions. any such assessments may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we are a holding company and depend on our subsidiaries for dividends, distributions and other payments.
we are a legal entity separate and distinct from our banking and other subsidiaries. our principal source of cash flow, including cash flow to pay dividends to our shareholders and principal and interest on our outstanding debt, is dividends from regions bank. there are statutory and regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends by regions bank to us, as well as by us to our shareholders. regulations of both the federal reserve and the state of alabama affect the ability of regions bank to pay dividends and other distributions to us and to make loans to the holding company. if regions bank is unable to make dividend payments to us and sufficient cash or liquidity is not otherwise available, we may not be able to make dividend payments to our common and preferred shareholders or principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt. see the "shareholders' equity" section of item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this annual report on form 10-k. in addition, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of creditors of that subsidiary, except to the extent that any of our claims as a creditor of such subsidiary may be recognized. as a result, shares of our capital stock are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations of our subsidiaries. at december 31, 2021, our subsidiaries' total deposits and borrowings were approximately $139.6 billion.
we may not pay dividends on shares of our capital stock.
holders of shares of our capital stock are only entitled to receive such dividends as our board may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and may reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. this could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. furthermore, the terms of our outstanding preferred stock prohibit us from declaring or paying any dividends on any junior series of our capital stock, including our common stock, or from repurchasing, redeeming or acquiring such junior stock, unless we have declared and paid full dividends on our outstanding preferred stock for the most recently completed dividend period.
we are also subject to statutory and regulatory limitations on our ability to pay dividends on our capital stock. for example, it is the policy of the federal reserve that bhcs should generally pay dividends on common stock only out of earnings, and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization's expected future needs, asset quality and financial condition. additionally, regions is subject to the federal reserve's scb requirement whereby supervisory stress testing informs a buffer above regulatory minimum capital levels that must be maintained to avoid restrictions on capital distributions. lastly, if we are unable to satisfy the capital requirements applicable to us for any reason, we may be limited in our ability to declare and pay dividends on our capital stock.
anti-takeover and banking laws and certain agreements and charter provisions may adversely affect share value.
certain provisions of state and federal law and our certificate of incorporation may make it more difficult for someone to acquire control of us without our board's approval. under federal law, subject to certain exemptions, a person, entity or group must notify the federal banking agencies before acquiring control of a bhc. acquisition of 10% or more of any class of voting stock of a bhc or state member bank, including shares of our common stock, creates a rebuttable presumption that the acquirer "controls" the bhc or state member bank. also, as noted under the "supervision and regulation" section of item 1. of this annual report on form 10-k, a bhc must obtain the prior approval of the federal reserve before, among other things, acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 percent of the voting shares of any bank, including regions bank. one factor the federal banking agencies must consider in certain acquisitions is the systemic impact of the transaction. this may make it more difficult for large institutions to acquire other large institutions and may otherwise delay the regulatory approval process, possibly by requiring public hearings. similarly, under alabama state law, a person or group of persons must receive approval from the superintendent of banks before acquiring "control" of an alabama bank or any entity having control of an alabama bank. for the purposes of determining whether approval is required, "control" is defined as the power, directly or indirectly, to vote the lesser of (i) 25% or more of any class of voting securities of an alabama bank (or any entity having table of contents control of an alabama bank) or (ii) 10% or more of any class of voting securities of an alabama bank (or any entity having control of an alabama bank) if no other person will own, control, or hold the power to vote a majority of that class of voting securities following the acquisition of such voting securities. furthermore, there also are provisions in our certificate of incorporation that may be used to delay or block a takeover attempt. for example, holders of our preferred stock have certain voting rights that could adversely affect share value. if and when dividends on the preferred stock have not been declared and paid for at least six quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent (whether or not consecutive), the authorized number of directors then constituting our board will automatically be increased by two, and the preferred shareholders will be entitled to elect the two additional directors. also, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of all of the then-outstanding shares of the preferred stock is required to consummate a binding share-exchange or reclassification involving the preferred stock, or a merger or consolidation of regions with or into another entity, unless certain requirements are met. these statutory provisions and provisions in our certificate of incorporation, including the rights of the holders of our preferred stock, could result in regions being less attractive to a potential acquirer and thus adversely affect our share value.
our amended and restated bylaws designate (i) the court of chancery of the state of delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders and (ii) the federal district courts of the united states as the sole and exclusive forum for any action asserting a cause of action arising under the securities act, which could limit our shareholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company or our company's directors, officers or other employees.
our amended and restated bylaws (our "bylaws") contain two forum selection provisions. first, our bylaws provide that, except for claims made under the securities act of 1933 (which are the subject of the forum selection provision described in the following sentence), unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) derivative actions brought on behalf of the company, (ii) certain actions asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty, (iii) actions asserting a claim against the company or a director, officer or other employee of the company arising pursuant to any provision of delaware law, our certificate of incorporation, or our bylaws or (iv) any actions asserting a claim against the company or any director, officer or other employee of the company governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall be a state court located within the state of delaware or the federal district court for the district of delaware if no state court located within the state of delaware has jurisdiction. in addition, our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for any action asserting a cause of action arising under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder, shall be the federal district courts of the united states; provided, however, that if this particular exclusive forum provision or its application is deemed illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the sole and exclusive forum for any action asserting a cause of action arising under the securities act shall be the court of chancery of the state of delaware. our bylaws further provide that our shareholders are deemed to have received notice of and consented to both of these forum selection provisions.
the forum selection provisions of our bylaws may discourage claims or limit shareholders' ability to submit claims in a judicial forum that they find favorable, and may result in additional costs for a stockholder seeking to bring a claim. additionally, with respect to our forum selection provision relating to claims made under the securities act, we note that, while section 27 of the exchange act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over claims brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the exchange act, section 22 of the securities act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the securities act. as noted above, our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, u.s. federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the securities act except where the provision or its application is deemed illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in which case the exclusive forum for the action will be the delaware court of chancery. while we believe the risk of a court declining to enforce our forum selection provisions is low, if a court were to determine either forum selection provision to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in a particular action, we may incur additional costs in conjunction with our efforts to resolve the dispute in an alternative jurisdiction or multiple jurisdictions, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.
risks related to our capital or debt the market price of shares of our capital stock will fluctuate.
the market price of our capital stock could be subject to significant fluctuations due to a change in sentiment in the market regarding our operations or business prospects. the market price of our capital stock, including our common stock and depositary shares representing fractional interests in our preferred stock, may be subject to fluctuations unrelated to our operating performance or prospects.
our capital stock is subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness.
our capital stock, including our common stock and depositary shares representing fractional interests in our preferred stock, ranks junior to all of regions' existing and future indebtedness and regions' other non-equity claims with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against us, including claims in the event of our liquidation. as of december 31, 2021, table of contents regions' total liabilities were approximately $144.6 billion, and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future to increase our capital resources. additionally, if our total capital ratio or the total capital ratio of regions bank falls below the required minimums, we or regions bank could be forced to raise additional capital by through additional offerings of debt securities, including medium-term notes, senior or subordinated notes or other applicable securities to which our capital stock would rank junior with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against us, including claims in the event of our liquidation.
we may need to raise additional debt or equity capital in the future, but may be unable to do so.
we may need to raise additional debt or equity capital in the future to provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and for other business purposes. our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, prevailing conditions in the capital markets, which are outside of our control, and our financial performance. an economic slowdown or loss of confidence in financial institutions could increase our cost of funding and limit our access to some of our customary sources of capital, including inter-bank borrowings, repurchase agreements and borrowings from the discount window of the federal reserve. we cannot be assured that capital will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. any occurrence that may limit our access to the capital markets, such as a decline in the confidence of debt purchasers, depositors of regions bank or counterparties participating in the capital markets, or a downgrade of our debt ratings, may adversely affect our capital costs and our ability to raise capital and, in turn, our liquidity. an inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
future issuances of additional equity securities could result in dilution of existing shareholders' equity ownership.
we may determine from time to time to issue additional equity securities to raise additional capital, support growth, or to make acquisitions. further, we may issue stock options or other stock grants to retain and motivate our employees. these issuances of our securities could dilute the voting and economic interests of our existing shareholders.

item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive overview management believes the following sections provide an overview of several of the most relevant matters necessary for an understanding of the financial aspects of regions's business, particularly regarding its 2021 results. cross references to more detailed information regarding each topic within md&a and the consolidated financial statements are included. this summary is intended to assist in understanding the information provided, but should be read in conjunction with the entire md&a and consolidated financial statements, as well as the other sections of this annual report on form 10-k.
economic environment in regions' banking markets one of the primary factors influencing the credit performance of regions' loan portfolio is the overall economic environment in the u.s. and the primary markets in which it operates. after preliminary growth of 5.7 percent in 2021, the february baseline forecast anticipates real gdp growth of 4.1 percent in 2022 and 3.2 percent in 2023, the january 2022 baseline forecast anticipates growth of 4.1 percent in 2022 and 3.0 percent in 2023. as in 2020 and 2021, intra-year growth patterns in 2022 will remain subject to period spikes and subsequent declines in covid-19 case counts, though it could be that these swings in case counts become less disruptive as time goes on. as 2021 was coming to a close, there were signs that global supply chain and logistics bottlenecks were beginning to ease, and regions expects further progress along these lines in 2022. the company continues to expect that by late-2023 the economy will be back on the path of growth around 2.0 percent that prevailed prior to the pandemic. as has been the case since the onset of the pandemic, there remains a heightened degree of uncertainty around current economic forecasts.
with manufacturing activity across asia having come back online, global shipping rates having fallen from their peaks, u.s. motor vehicle producers having recalled idled workers and increased production, late-2021 brought signs that the supply-side constraints that weighed on the u.s. economy over much of the year were easing. though it will still be some time before supply chains are functioning normally, further progress along these lines will support stepped-up manufacturing activity. with business inventories having been drawn down significantly over the course of 2021, it is anticipated that inventory restocking will be a meaningful tailwind for growth in 2022. additionally, with production having been curtailed in 2021, manufacturers and homebuilders ended the year with sizable backlogs of unfilled orders and, with supply-side constraints easing, backfilling these orders will also be a tailwind for growth in 2022.
as the supply side of the economy normalizes further over the course of 2022, the demand side of the economy is being waned from the considerable fiscal and monetary support provided in 2020 and 2021. still, though to a lesser degree than was the case over the prior two years, fiscal and monetary policy will remain accommodative in 2022. while pandemic-related transfer payments such as the three rounds of economic impact payments, supplemental unemployment insurance benefits, and the expanded child care tax credit have largely run their course, robust growth in labor earnings will help fill the void in disposable personal income. to that point, aggregate private sector wage and salary earnings, the largest single component of personal income, rose at an annualized rate of 11 percent in the fourth quarter of 2021, and while growth will moderate in 2022 it will nonetheless remain well above the pre-pandemic trend rate. between robust growth in labor earnings, a significant pool of excess saving, and healthy household balance sheets, there are plenty of reasons for continued growth in consumer spending, though elevated inflation will likely weigh on growth in discretionary spending.
business investment is expected to remain supportive of real gdp growth in 2022. firms took advantage of favorable financing conditions, including elevated internal cash balances, to embark on replacement investment in machinery and equipment in 2021, and that is expected to continue in 2022. at the same time, firms increased investments in technology and automation in 2021 as a means of either enhancing labor productivity or substituting capital for labor given pressing labor supply constraints. that is expected to continue in 2022, and investment in intellectual property products is expected to remain robust. the one area of business investment that may continue to underperform is investment in structures, particularly as needs for physical office and retail space remain difficult to gauge.
the supply/demand imbalance in the housing market widened during 2021. inventories of new homes for sale have been held down by shortages of labor and materials, and inventories of existing homes for sale continue to bump along near record-lows. at the same time, demand for home purchases has been fueled by favorable mortgage interest rates and greater freedom in work arrangements for many. the growing supply/demand imbalance has fueled rapid house price appreciation; the hpi was on course to rise by around 15 percent for full-year 2021 and another double-digit increase is expected in 2022 though the pace of price appreciation is expected to slow as the year progresses. it should be noted that, given the extent to which prices have risen to date, affordability has become an increasing issue even in the absence of higher mortgage interest rates. to the extent mortgage interest rates rise in 2022, affordability constraints will become more binding for increased numbers of prospective buyers.
labor supply constraints have weighed on the pace of growth in nonfarm employment. at year-end 2021, the level of nonfarm employment was 3.6 million jobs below the level as of february 2020, and there were 2.3 million fewer people in the labor force than was the case at the onset of the pandemic. with over 10.5 million open jobs across the u.s. economy as of november 2021, there were more than 1.5 open jobs for each unemployed person. labor force participation is expected to rise table of contents in 2022, but the labor force participation rate at year-end 2022 is expected to be well below the pre-pandemic rate. with continued strong demand for labor while labor supply remains constrained, wage growth has been much faster than would otherwise have been the case at this point in the cycle.
as measured by the cpi, inflation is likely to remain at or above 7.0 percent through the first quarter of 2022. the expectation of further easing of supply chain and logistics bottlenecks would contribute to a sharp deceleration in goods price inflation, if not outright goods price deflation. while that would act as a drag on overall inflation, faster growth in services prices is expected, including rent and medical care, and continued robust growth in labor costs to keep inflation easily above the fomc's 2.0 percent target rate through 2022. we believe the fomc will begin raising the fed funds rate in march and expect four or five 25-basis point hikes by year-end, though market expectations currently anticipate a slightly faster pace of rate hikes. we also anticipate the fomc will allow the fed's balance sheet to begin winding down either late in the second quarter of 2022 or early in the third quarter of 2022. this would be a significant departure from the fomc's playbook during the prior cycle, when the fed's balance sheet was held steady for nearly three years after the asset purchases ended.
patterns of economic activity within the regions footprint are expected to be broadly similar to those seen in the u.s. as a whole. to the extent supply chain and logistics bottlenecks do ease over the course of 2022, an above-average exposure to manufacturing, particularly motor vehicle manufacturing, across much of the footprint will be a tailwind to growth within the footprint. to the extent remote working remains part of the post-pandemic landscape, states such as florida, georgia, tennessee, texas, and the carolinas that have consistently benefited from above-average degrees of in-migration should continue to do so, which will provide support to the broader economies of these states.
the continued economic uncertainty, as described above, impacted regions' forecast utilized in calculating the acl as of december 31, 2021. see the "allowance" section for further information.
covid-19 pandemic following are select areas where the covid-19 pandemic has impacted the company.
as a certified sba lender, regions provided its customers with the loan process under the ppp program funding ended in the second quarter of 2021 and the forgiveness process is ongoing. regions originated ppp loans totaling approximately $6.2 billion, of which approximately 12,600 loans totaling approximately $748 million remain outstanding as of december 31, 2021.
as provided initially in the cares act passed into law on march 27, 2020, and subsequently extended through the consolidated appropriations act signed into law on december 27, 2020, certain loan modifications related to the covid-19 pandemic beginning march 1, 2020, through the earlier of 60 days after the end of the pandemic or january 1, 2022, are eligible for relief from tdr classification. these provisions precluded the majority of impacted loans from being classified as tdrs as of december 31, 2021.
regions has experienced a modest increase in cyber events as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, however the company's layered control environment has effectively detected and prevented any material impact related to these events. refer to the "information security" section for further detail.
2021 results regions reported net income available to common shareholders of $2.4 billion, or $2.49 per diluted share, in 2021 compared to net income available to common shareholders from continuing operations of $1.0 billion, or $1.03 per diluted share, in 2020.
net interest income (taxable-equivalent basis) totaled $4.0 billion in 2021 compared to $3.9 billion in 2020. the net interest margin (taxable-equivalent basis) was 2.85 percent in 2021, reflecting a 36 basis point decrease from 2020. the increase in net interest income was primarily driven by decreases in interest expense on deposits and long-term borrowings, the acquisition of enerbank, and ppp income. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in interest income due to declines in loan balances and a continued decline in long-term interest rates. net interest income continued to benefit from the company's interest rate hedging strategy. the decline in net interest margin was primarily driven by continued elevated liquidity as evidenced by higher cash levels held at the federal reserve and the continued repricing of fixed-rate loan portfolios and the securities portfolio at lower market interest rates.
the benefit from credit losses totaled $524 million in 2021 compared to a provision for credit losses of $1.3 billion in 2020. the benefit from credit losses was lower than net charge-offs by $728 million in 2021. the significant decrease in the provision for credit losses was driven primarily by improvement in the economic outlook and strong credit performance. refer to the "allowance for credit losses" section of management's discussion and analysis for further detail.
non-interest income was $2.5 billion in 2021 compared to $2.4 billion in 2020. the increase was driven by higher service charges on deposit accounts, card and atm fees, capital markets income, investment management and trust fee income, investment services fee income and other miscellaneous income during 2021. these increases were partially offset by lower mortgage income and decreased gain on equity investment. see table 4 "non-interest income" for further details.
table of contents non-interest expense was $3.7 billion in 2021 and $3.6 billion in 2020. the increase was driven by several expense categories, primarily salaries and employee benefits expense and equipment and software expense. these increases were partially offset by decreases in several categories, but primarily driven by lower branch consolidation and property and equipment charges. see table 5 "non-interest expense" for further details.
regions' effective tax rate was 21.6 percent in 2021 compared to 16.8 percent in 2020. the effective tax rate is higher in 2021 due primarily to the impact of a consistent level of permanent income tax preferences having a proportionally lower impact on higher 2021 pre-tax income. see the "income taxes" section for further details.
for more information, refer to the following additional sections within this form 10-k:
•"operating results" section of md&a
•"net interest income and net interest margin" discussion within the "operating results" section of md&a
•"interest rate risk" discussion within the "risk management" section of md&a capital capital actions regions was not required to participate in the 2021 ccar. however, the company voluntarily participated in the 2021 ccar in part to have the federal reserve re-evaluate regions' scb. effective october 1, 2021, regions' scb requirement for the fourth quarter of 2021 through the third quarter of 2022 is floored at 2.5 percent.
during the third quarter of 2020, the federal reserve mandated that banks must not increase their quarterly per share common dividend which was subsequently extended through the second quarter of 2021. the mandate was lifted in the third quarter of 2021 and the board approved a common stock increase from $0.155 to $0.17. on february 9, 2022, the company declared a cash dividend for the first quarter of 2022 of $0.17 per share.
as part of the company's capital plan, on april 21, 2021, the board authorized the repurchase of up to $2.5 billion of the company's common stock, permitting purchases from the second quarter of 2021 through the first quarter of 2022. in 2021 regions repurchased approximately 20.8 million shares of common stock under this program, which reduced shareholders' equity by $467 million.
for more information, refer to the following additional sections within this form 10-k:
•"shareholders' equity" discussion in md&a
•"regulatory requirements" section of md&a
•note 14 "shareholders' equity and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" to the consolidated financial statements regulatory capital regions and regions bank are required to comply with regulatory capital requirements established by federal and state banking agencies. under the basel iii rules, regions is designated as a standardized approach bank. the basel iii rules maintain the minimum guidelines for regions to be considered well-capitalized for tier 1 capital and total capital at 6.0% and 10.0%, respectively. at december 31, 2021, regions' tier 1 capital and total capital ratios were estimated to be 11.03% and 12.74%, respectively.
the basel iii rules also officially defined cet1. regions' cet1 ratio at december 31, 2021 was estimated to be 9.57%.
for more information, refer to the following additional sections within this form 10-k:
•"supervision and regulation" discussion within item 1. business
•"regulatory requirements" section of md&a
•note 12 "regulatory capital requirements and restrictions" to the consolidated financial statements loan portfolio and credit during 2021, total loans increased by $2.5 billion or 3.0 percent compared to 2020. the increase was primarily driven by an increase in the consumer portfolio of $2.0 billion, which largely reflected loans acquired through the company's acquisition of enerbank, offset by continued runoff in the other consumer-exit portfolios. the commercial portfolio increased $734 million, demonstrating significant growth and overcoming a $2.9 billion decrease in ppp loans during 2021. the economy has been and will continue to be the primary factor which influences regions' loan portfolio. in 2021, line utilization remained below pre-pandemic levels but reached an inflection point in the second quarter of 2021 and increased by year-end. refer to the "portfolio characteristics" section for further discussion.
net charge-offs totaled $204 million, or 0.24 percent of average loans, in 2021, compared to $512 million, or 0.58 percent in 2020, reflecting decreased net charge-offs in the commercial and industrial loan and non-real estate related consumer table of contents portfolios. the real estate-related consumer portfolios experienced net recoveries during 2021. the allowance was 1.79 percent of total loans, net of unearned income at december 31, 2021, a decrease from 2.69 percent at december 31, 2020. the coverage ratio of allowance to non-performing loans excluding held for sale was 349 percent at december 31, 2021, compared to 308 percent at december 31, 2020.
for more information, refer to the following additional sections within this form 10-k:
•adjusted average balances of loans within the table 1 "gaap to non-gaap reconciliations"
•"portfolio characteristics" section of md&a
•"allowance for credit losses" discussion within the "critical accounting policies and estimates" section of md&a
•"provision for credit losses" discussion within the "operating results" section of md&a
•"loans," "allowance for credit losses," "troubled debt restructurings" and "non-performing assets" discussions within the "balance sheet analysis" section of md&a
•note 4 "loans" to the consolidated financial statements
•note 5 "allowance for credit losses" to the consolidated financial statements liquidity at the end of 2021, regions bank had $28.1 billion in cash on deposit with the federal reserve and the loan-to-deposit ratio was 63 percent. cash and cash equivalents at the parent company totaled $1.5 billion.
at december 31, 2021, the company's borrowing capacity with the federal reserve was $13.3 billion based on available collateral. borrowing availability with the fhlb was $16.2 billion based on available collateral at the same date. regions also maintains a shelf registration statement with the u.s. securities and exchange commission that can be utilized by the company to issue various debt and/or equity securities. additionally, regions' board has authorized regions bank to issue up to $10 billion in aggregate principal amount of bank notes outstanding at any one time.
regions is required to conduct liquidity stress testing and measure its available sources of liquidity against minimums as established by regions' internal liquidity policy. regions was fully compliant with those requirements as of year-end.
for more information, refer to the following additional sections within this form 10-k:
•"supervision and regulation" discussion within item 1. business
•"borrowings" discussion within the "balance sheet analysis" section of md&a
•"regulatory requirements" section of md&a
•"liquidity" discussion within the "risk management" section of md&a
•note 11 "borrowed funds" to the consolidated financial statements table of contents
2022 expectations
2022 expectations category                                           expectation total adjusted revenue (1)                         up 4-5%
adjusted non-interest expense                      up 3-4%
adjusted operating leverage                        positive average loans (2)                                  up 4-5%
net charge-offs / average loans                    approximately 25-35 basis points effective tax rate (3)                             21-23%
cet1                                               near the mid-point of a 9.25-9.75% operating range
______
(1) included in the total adjusted revenue expectation is the expectation for capital markets to generate quarterly revenue in the $90 million to $110 million range, exclusive of the cva/dva adjustment, and expect to be near the lower end of the range in the first half of 2022 as new acquisitions are integrated and ramped-up. also included in this expectation, the anticipated impact of newly announced non-sufficient funds and overdraft policy changes will result in 2022 service charges of approximately $600 million. lastly, expect mortgage income to be lower in 2022, but remain a key component of fee revenue.
(2) included in the average loan growth expectation is the expectation that the other consumer-exit portfolios will have a negative impact to average loans of approximately $700 million.
(3) does not include the impact of potential tax legislation.
the reconciliation with respect to these forward-looking non-gaap measures is expected to be consistent with the actual non-gaap reconciliations within management's discussion and analysis of this form 10-k. for more information related to the company's 2022 expectations, refer to the related sub-sections discussed in more detail within management's discussion and analysis of this form 10-k.
general the following discussion and financial information is presented to aid in understanding regions' financial position and results of operations. the emphasis of this discussion will be on operations for the years 2021 and 2020; in addition, financial information for prior years will also be presented when appropriate.
regions' profitability, like that of many other financial institutions, is dependent on its ability to generate revenue from net interest income as well as non-interest income sources. net interest income is primarily the difference between the interest income regions receives on interest-earning assets, such as loans, leases, investment securities and cash balances held at the frb, and the interest expense regions pays on interest-bearing liabilities, principally deposits and borrowings. regions' net interest income is impacted by the size and mix of its balance sheet components and the interest rate spread between interest earned on its assets and interest paid on its liabilities. non-interest income includes fees from service charges on deposit accounts, card and atm fees, mortgage servicing and secondary marketing, investment management and trust activities, capital markets and other customer services which regions provides. results of operations are also affected by the provision for credit losses and non-interest expenses such as salaries and employee benefits, occupancy, professional, legal and regulatory expenses, fdic insurance assessments, and other operating expenses, as well as income taxes.
economic conditions, competition, new legislation and related rules impacting regulation of the financial services industry and the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government significantly affect most, if not all, financial institutions, including regions. lending and deposit activities and fee income generation are influenced by levels of business spending and investment, consumer income, consumer spending and savings, capital market activities, and competition among financial institutions, as well as customer preferences, interest rate conditions and prevailing market rates on competing products in regions' market areas.
regions' business strategy is focused on providing a competitive mix of products and services, delivering quality customer service, and continuing to develop and optimize distribution channels that include a branch distribution network with offices in convenient locations, as well as electronic and mobile banking.
recent acquisitions on december 17, 2021, regions entered into an agreement to acquire clearsight advisors, inc., a leading-edge mergers and acquisitions firm headquartered in mclean, virginia. the transaction closed on december 31, 2021.
on october 4, 2021, regions entered into an agreement to acquire sabal capital partners, llc, a diversified financial services firm that facilitates lending in the small-balance commercial real estate market headquartered in irvine, california. the transaction closed on december 1, 2021. refer to the "sabal acquisition" section for more detail.
table of contents on june 8, 2021, regions entered into an agreement to acquire enerbank, a consumer lending institution specializing in home improvement lending headquartered in salt lake city, utah. the transaction closed on october 1, 2021, and resulted in the addition of approximately $3.1 billion in loans to consumers. refer to the "enerbank acquisition" section for more detail.
on february 27, 2020, regions announced that it had entered into an agreement to acquire ascentium capital llc, an independent equipment financing company headquartered in kingwood, texas. the transaction closed on april 1, 2020, and included approximately $1.9 billion in loans and leases to small businesses. refer to the "ascentium acquisition" section for more detail.
business segments regions provides traditional commercial, retail and mortgage banking services, as well as other financial services in the fields of asset management, wealth management, securities brokerage, and other specialty financing. regions carries out its strategies and derives its profitability from three reportable segments: corporate bank, consumer bank, and wealth management, with the remainder in other.
see note 22 "business segment information" to the consolidated financial statements for further information on regions' business segments.
non-gaap measures the table below presents computations of earnings and certain other financial measures, which exclude certain items that are included in the financial results presented in accordance with gaap. these non-gaap financial measures include "adjusted non-interest expense", "adjusted non-interest income", "adjusted total revenue" and "adjusted operating leverage ratio". regions believes that excluding certain items provides a meaningful base for period-to-period comparisons, which management believes will assist investors in analyzing the operating results of the company and predicting future performance. these non-gaap financial measures are also used by management to assess the performance of regions' business because management does not consider the activities related to the adjustments to be indications of ongoing operations. regions believes that presentation of these non-gaap financial measures will permit investors to assess the performance of the company on the same basis as that applied by management. management and the board utilize these non-gaap financial measures as follows:
•preparation of regions' operating budgets
•monthly financial performance reporting
•monthly close-out reporting of consolidated results
•presentations to investors of company performance
•metrics for incentive compensation the adjusted operating leverage ratio (non-gaap), which is a measure of productivity, is generally calculated as the year over year percentage change in adjusted total revenue on a taxable-equivalent basis less the year over year percentage change in adjusted total non-interest expense. management uses this ratio to monitor performance and believes it provides meaningful information to investors. non-interest income (gaap) is presented excluding adjustments to arrive at adjusted non-interest income (non-gaap). net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis and non-interest income are added together to arrive at total revenue on a taxable-equivalent basis. adjustments are made to arrive at adjusted total revenue on a taxable-equivalent basis (non-gaap). non-interest expense (gaap) is presented excluding adjustments to arrive at adjusted non-interest expense (non-gaap).
non-gaap financial measures have inherent limitations, are not required to be uniformly applied and are not audited. although these non-gaap financial measures are frequently used by stakeholders in the evaluation of a company, they have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analyses of results as reported under gaap. in particular, a measure of earnings that excludes selected items does not represent the amount that effectively accrues directly to shareholders.
the following table provides: 1) a reconciliation of non-interest expense (gaap) to adjusted non-interest expense (non-gaap), 2) a reconciliation of non-interest income (gaap) to adjusted non-interest income (non-gaap), 3) a computation of adjusted total revenue (non-gaap), and 4) presentation of the operating leverage ratio (gaap) and the adjusted operating leverage ratio (non-gaap).
table of contents table 1-gaap to non-gaap reconciliations year ended december 31
2021                                             2020                        2019
(dollars in millions,)
adjusted operating leverage ratios non-interest expense (gaap)                                             a              $3,747                      $3,643                      $3,489
adjustments:
contribution to regions financial corporation foundation                                  (3)                        (10)                           -
professional, legal and regulatory expenses (1)                                          (15)                         (7)                           -
branch consolidation, property and equipment charges                                      (5)                        (31)                        (25)
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                     (20)                        (22)                        (16)
salaries and employee benefits-severance charges                                          (6)                        (31)                         (5)
acquisition expenses                                                                        -                         (1)                           -
adjusted non-interest expense (non-gaap)                                b              $3,698                      $3,541                      $3,443
net interest income (gaap)                                              c              $3,914                      $3,894                      $3,745
taxable-equivalent adjustment (gaap)                                    44                                             48                          53
net interest income, taxable-equivalent basis (gaap)                    d               3,958                       3,942                       3,798
non-interest income (gaap)                                              e              $2,524                      $2,393                      $2,116
adjustments:
securities (gains) losses, net                                                            (3)                         (4)                          28
gains on equity investment (2)                                                            (3)                        (50)                           -
bank-owned life insurance (3)                                                            (18)                        (25)                           -
leveraged lease termination gains                                                         (2)                         (2)                         (1)
gain on sale of affordable housing residential mortgage loans (4)                           -                           -                         (8)
adjusted non-interest income (non-gaap)                                 f              $2,498                      $2,312                      $2,135
total revenue (gaap)                                                    c+e=g          $6,438                      $6,287                      $5,861
adjusted total revenue (non-gaap)                                       c+f=h          $6,412                      $6,206                      $5,880
total revenue, taxable-equivalent basis (gaap)                          d+e=i          $6,482                      $6,335                      $5,914
adjusted total revenue, taxable-equivalent basis (non-gaap)             d+f=j          $6,456                      $6,254                      $5,933
operating leverage ratio (gaap) (5)                                                    (0.55)   %                    2.71   %                    4.15   %
adjusted operating leverage ratio (non-gaap) (5)                                       (1.23)   %                    2.56   %                    2.13   %
_________
(1)amounts are professional and legal expenses related to acquisitions.
(2)the 2021 amount is a gain on the sale of an equity investment, whereas the 2020 amount is a valuation gain on the investment that was sold in the first quarter 2021.
(3)during the second quarter of 2021, the company recognized an individual boli claim benefit. during the fourth quarter of 2020, the company recognized a gain on the exchange of boli policies.
(4)in the first quarter of 2019, the company sold $167 million of affordable housing residential mortgage loans for a gain of $8 million.
(5)amounts have been calculated using whole dollar values.
critical accounting estimates and related policies in preparing financial information, management is required to make significant estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses for the periods shown. the accounting principles followed by regions and the methods of applying these principles conform with gaap, regulatory guidance, where applicable, and general banking practices. estimates and assumptions most significant to regions are related primarily to the allowance for credit losses, fair value measurements, intangible assets (goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets), residential msrs and income taxes, and are summarized in the following discussion and in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses ("allowance") consists of two components: the allowance for loan losses and the reserve for unfunded credit commitments. unfunded credit commitments include items such as letters of credit, financial guarantees and binding unfunded loan commitments. regions determines its allowance in accordance with gaap and applicable regulatory guidance.
on january 1, 2020, regions adopted cecl, which replaced the incurred loss allowance methodology with an expected loss allowance methodology. see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" and note 5 "allowance for credit losses" to the consolidated financial statements for information about cecl adoption, areas of judgment and methodologies used in establishing the allowance.
table of contents the allowance is sensitive to a number of internal factors, such as modifications in the mix and level of loan balances outstanding, portfolio performance and assigned risk ratings. the allowance is also sensitive to external factors such as the general health of the economy, as evidenced by changes in interest rates, gdp, unemployment rates, changes in real estate demand and values, volatility in commodity prices, bankruptcy filings, health pandemics, government stimulus, and the effects of weather and natural disasters such as droughts, floods and hurricanes.
management considers these variables and all other available information when establishing the final level of the allowance. these variables and others have the ability to result in actual loan losses that differ from the originally estimated amounts.
changes in the factors used by management to determine the appropriateness of the allowance or the availability of new information could cause the allowance to be increased or decreased in future periods. in addition, bank regulatory agencies, as part of their examination process, may require changes in the level of allowance based on their judgments and estimates. volatility in certain credit metrics is to be expected. additionally, changes in circumstances related to individually large credits, commodity prices, or certain macroeconomic forecast assumptions may result in volatility. the scenarios discussed below, or other scenarios, have the ability to result in actual credit losses that differ, perhaps materially, from the originally estimated amounts. in addition, it is difficult to predict how changes in economic conditions, including changes resulting from various pandemic scenarios, the impact of government stimulus programs to individuals and businesses, and the timely distribution and efficacy of a vaccine could affect borrower behavior. this analysis is not intended to estimate changes in the overall allowance, which would also be influenced by the judgment management applies to the modeled loss estimates to reflect uncertainty and imprecision based on then-current circumstances and conditions.
in june 2021, the frb released its estimated modeled credit losses for regions based on the december 31, 2020 balance sheet. the frb estimated credit losses in its severely adverse scenario of $5.3 billion, or 6.5 percent. see the federal reserve stress test disclosures at "item 1. business - comprehensive capital analysis and review and stress testing" for more information regarding their assumptions in this stress test.
it is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one economic factor might affect the overall allowance because a wide variety of factors and inputs are considered in the allowance estimate. changes in the factors and inputs may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across all product types. additionally, changes in factors and inputs may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in others. however, to consider the impact of a hypothetical alternate economic forecast, regions estimated the allowance using a scenario that was 1 standard deviation unfavorable to the expected scenario for each macroeconomic variable. this unfavorable scenario resulted in an allowance approximately 10 percent higher than the allowance using the expected scenario.
similar to the scenarios above, it is difficult to estimate how potential changes in credit risk factors might affect the overall allowance because of the wide variety of credit risk factors that are considered in estimating the allowance. changes in risk ratings may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across product or industry types. regions conducted a separate sensitivity analysis considering deteriorating conditions for commercial and investor real estate portfolio factors by stressing key portfolio drivers relative to the baseline portfolio conditions. regions stressed risk ratings by one downgrade for commercial and investor real estate loans. this scenario generated an increase in the modeled allowance of approximately $148 million for the commercial and investor real estate portfolios.
fair value measurements a portion of the company's assets and liabilities is carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded either in earnings or accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). these include debt securities available for sale, mortgage loans held for sale, equity investments (with and without readily determinable market values), residential msrs and derivative assets and liabilities. from time to time, the estimation of fair value also affects other loans held for sale, which are recorded at the lower of cost or fair value. fair value determination is also relevant for certain other assets such as foreclosed property and other real estate, which are recorded at the lower of the recorded investment in the loan/property or fair value, less estimated costs to sell the property. for example, the fair value of other real estate is determined based on recent appraisals by third parties and other market information, less estimated selling costs. adjustments to the appraised value are made if management becomes aware of changes in the fair value of specific properties or property types. the determination of fair value also impacts certain other assets that are periodically evaluated for impairment using fair value estimates, including goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets.
fair value is generally defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) as opposed to the price that would be paid to acquire the asset or received to assume the liability (an entry price), in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. while management uses judgment when determining the price at which willing market participants would transact when there has been a significant decrease in the volume or level of activity for the asset or liability in relation to "normal" market activity, management's objective is to determine the point within the range of fair value estimates that is most representative of a sale to a third-party table of contents investor under current market conditions. the value to the company if the asset or liability were held to maturity is not included in the fair value estimates.
a fair value measure should reflect the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including the assumptions about the risk inherent in a particular valuation technique, the effect of a restriction on the sale or use of an asset and the risk of nonperformance. fair value is measured based on a variety of inputs the company utilizes. fair value may be based on quoted market prices for identical assets or liabilities traded in active markets (level 1 valuations). if market prices are not available, quoted market prices for similar instruments traded in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market are used (level 2 valuations). where observable market data is not available, the valuation is generated from model-based techniques that use significant assumptions not observable in the market, but observable based on company-specific data (level 3 valuations). these unobservable assumptions reflect the company's own estimates for assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. valuation techniques typically include option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques, but may also include the use of market prices of assets or liabilities that are not directly comparable to the subject asset or liability.
see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements for a detailed discussion of determining fair value, including pricing validation processes.
intangible assets regions' intangible assets consist primarily of the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets of acquired businesses ("goodwill") and other identifiable intangible assets (primarily relationship assets, agency commercial real estate licenses, core deposit intangibles and purchased credit card relationships). goodwill totaled $5.7 billion and $5.2 billion at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively. goodwill is allocated to each of regions' reportable segments (each a reporting unit: corporate bank, consumer bank, and wealth management). goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis as of october 1 or more often if events and circumstances indicate impairment may exist (refer to note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion).
accounting guidance permits the company to first assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value. if, based on the weight of the evidence, the company determines it is more likely than not that the fair value exceeds book value, then an impairment test is not necessary. if the company elects to bypass the qualitative assessment, or concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying value, an impairment test is performed. the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying amount, including goodwill. to the extent that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value, impairment is not indicated. conversely, if the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is below its carrying amount, a loss (which could be material) would be recognized to reduce the carrying amount to the estimated fair value. the carrying value of equity for each reporting unit is determined from an allocation based upon risk weighted assets. adverse changes in the economic environment, declining operations of the reporting unit, or other factors could result in a decline in the estimated implied fair value of goodwill.
the company completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of october 1, 2021, by performing a qualitative assessment of goodwill at the reporting unit level to determine whether any indicators of impairment existed. in performing the qualitative assessment, the company evaluated events and circumstances since the last impairment analysis, recent operating performance including reporting unit performance, changes in market capitalization, regulatory actions and assessments, changes in the business climate, company-specific factors, and trends in the banking industry. after assessing the totality of the events and circumstances, the company determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the corporate bank, consumer bank, and wealth management reporting units exceed their respective carrying values. therefore, a quantitative impairment test was deemed unnecessary. refer to note 9 "intangible assets" to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of goodwill.
specific factors as of the date of filing the financial statements that could negatively impact the assumptions used in assessing goodwill for impairment include: a protracted decline in the company's market capitalization; adverse business trends resulting from litigation and/or regulatory actions; higher loan losses; forecasts of high unemployment levels; future increased minimum regulatory capital requirements above current thresholds (refer to note 12 "regulatory capital requirements and restrictions" to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of current minimum regulatory requirements); future federal rules and regulations (e.g., such as those resulting from the dodd-frank act); and/or a significant protraction in the current level of interest rates.
other identifiable intangible assets, relationship intangible assets, agency commercial real estate licenses, core deposit intangibles and purchased credit card relationships, are reviewed at least annually (usually in the fourth quarter) for events or circumstances which could impact the recoverability of the intangible asset. these events could include loss of customer relationships, loss of core deposits, significant losses of credit card accounts and/or balances, increased competition or adverse changes in the economy. to the extent an other identifiable intangible asset is deemed unrecoverable, an impairment loss would table of contents be recorded to reduce the carrying amount. these events or circumstances, if they occur, could be material to regions' operating results for any particular reporting period but the potential impact cannot be reasonably estimated. as of december 31, 2021, the company's review indicated there was no impairment in the value of the intangible assets.
residential mortgage servicing rights regions has elected to measure and report its residential msrs using the fair value method. although sales of residential msrs do occur, residential msrs do not trade in an active market with readily observable market prices and the exact terms and conditions of sales may not be readily available, and are therefore level 3 valuations in the fair value hierarchy previously discussed in the "fair value measurements" section. specific characteristics of the underlying loans greatly impact the estimated value of the related residential msrs. as a result, regions stratifies its residential mortgage servicing portfolio on the basis of certain risk characteristics, including loan type and contractual note rate, and values its residential msrs using discounted cash flow modeling techniques. these techniques require management to make estimates regarding future net servicing cash flows, taking into consideration historical and forecasted residential mortgage loan prepayment rates, discount rates, escrow balances and servicing costs. changes in interest rates, prepayment speeds or other factors impact the fair value of residential msrs which impacts earnings. the carrying value of residential msrs was $418 million at december 31, 2021. based on a hypothetical sensitivity analysis, regions estimates that a reduction in benchmark interest rates of 25 basis points and 50 basis points would reduce the december 31, 2021 fair value of residential msrs by approximately 6 percent ($24 million) and 12 percent ($52 million), respectively. conversely, 25 basis point and 50 basis point increases in these rates would increase the december 31, 2021 fair value of residential msrs by approximately 5 percent ($21 million) and 9 percent ($38 million), respectively. regions also estimates that an increase in servicing costs of approximately $10 per loan, or 16 percent, would result in a decline in the value of the residential msrs by approximately $12 million.
the pro forma fair value analyses presented above demonstrates the sensitivity of fair values to hypothetical changes in primary mortgage rates and servicing costs. this sensitivity analysis does not reflect an expected outcome. refer to note 6 "servicing of financial assets" to the consolidated financial statements for additional disclosure on residential mortgage servicing rights.
income taxes accrued income taxes are reported as a component of either other assets or other liabilities, as appropriate, in the consolidated balance sheets and reflect management's estimate of income taxes to be paid or received.
deferred income taxes represent the amount of future income taxes to be paid or received and are accounted for using the asset and liability method. the net balance is reported as a component of either other assets or other liabilities, as appropriate, in the consolidated balance sheets. the company determines the realization of deferred tax assets by considering all positive and negative evidence available, including the impact of recent operating results, future reversals of taxable temporary differences, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards and tax planning strategies. in projecting future taxable income, the company utilizes forecasted pre-tax earnings, adjusts for the estimated book-tax differences and incorporates assumptions, including the amounts of income allocable to taxing jurisdictions. these assumptions require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates the company uses to manage the underlying businesses. the realization of the deferred tax assets could be reduced in the future if these estimates are significantly different than forecasted. for a detailed discussion of realization of deferred tax assets, refer to the "income taxes" section found later in this report.
the company is subject to income tax in the u.s. and multiple state and local jurisdictions. the tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction may be interpreted differently in certain situations, which could result in a range of outcomes. thus, the company is required to exercise judgment regarding the application of these tax laws and regulations. the company will evaluate and recognize tax liabilities related to any tax uncertainties. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is different from the current estimate of the tax liabilities.
the company's estimate of accrued income taxes, deferred income taxes and income tax expense can also change in any period as a result of new legislative or judicial guidance impacting tax positions, as well as changes in income tax rates. any changes, if they occur, can be significant to the company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. see note 19 "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements for further details.
operating results net interest income and net interest margin net interest income is regions' principal source of income and is one of the most important elements of regions' ability to meet its overall performance goals. net interest income (taxable-equivalent basis) increased by $16 million in 2021 compared to 2020. the increase in net interest income was driven primarily by higher hedge-related income, lower funding costs, a larger securities portfolio, the acquisition of enerbank and increased ppp income. while ppp loan balances declined during the year, the fees related to loan forgiveness increased as the loan forgiveness process continued throughout 2021.
table of contents in 2021, interest rates remained near historic lows. regions' asset yields were impacted by the low interest rate environment. in particular, the investment securities portfolio which contains significant residential fixed-rate exposure, declined in yield to 1.86 percent in 2021 from 2.34 percent in 2020. the yield decreased primarily due to reinvestment at lower yields, addition of new securities at lower yields, and higher premium amortization. the increase in premium amortization was driven by higher recognized premium from securities purchases combined with increased prepayment speeds.
the loan portfolio yield declined to 4.11 percent in 2021 from 4.15 percent in 2020. the company's loan yields are primarily influenced by short-term interest rates such as 30-day libor, which averaged 0.10 percent in 2021 compared to 0.52 percent in 2020. notably the hedging program, which protects against lower short-term rates, contributed interest income of $426 million for all of 2021 compared to $260 million in 2020. this equates to a benefit of 0.50 percent to loan yields in 2021 compared to 0.30 percent in 2020. additionally, continued reinvestment of fixed-rate loans at lower long-term interest rates throughout 2021 contributed to the yield decrease.
the company's funding costs also declined in 2021 to 0.12 percent as compared to 0.31 percent in 2020. deposit costs decreased to 5 basis points for 2021 compared to 16 basis points for 2020 due primarily to continued lower interest rates and active deposit cost management, coupled with a higher non-interest-bearing balance mix. the average long-term borrowing balance of $2.8 billion in 2021 was lower than 2020 due to the redemption of parent and bank senior notes, as well as early termination of fhlb secured funding sources. while the interest expense declined, the rate on these borrowings increased 96 basis points, primarily attributable to the remixing out of lower-cost fhlb funding. see the "borrowed funds" section and note 11 "borrowed funds" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
net interest margin decreased to 2.85 percent in 2021 from 3.21 percent in 2020. the decline was primarily driven by continued elevated liquidity in higher cash levels. cash reduced net interest margin by 54 basis points in 2021 compared to 18 basis points in 2020.
see also the "market risk-interest rate risk" section in management's discussion and analysis for additional information.
table of contents table 2 "consolidated average daily balances and yield/rate analysis" presents a detail of net interest income (on a taxable-equivalent basis), the net interest margin, and the net interest spread.
table 2-consolidated average daily balances and yield/rate analysis year ended december 31
2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2020                                                                                         2019
average                      income/                    yield/rate(1)                        average                      income/                    yield/rate(1)                        average                      income/                    yield/rate(1)
balance                      expense                                                         balance                      expense                                                         balance                      expense
(dollars in millions; yields on taxable-equivalent basis)
assets earning assets:
federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell                    $3                           $-                           0.14      %                        $-                           $-                              -      %                        $-                           $-                              -      %
debt securities (2)                                                                   28,604                          533                           1.86                           24,837                          582                           2.34                           24,274                          643                           2.65
loans held for sale                                                                    1,219                           37                           3.06                              932                           28                           2.95                              450                           17                           3.75
loans, net of unearned income (3)(4)                                                  84,802                        3,496                           4.11                           87,813                        3,658                           4.15                           83,248                        3,919                           4.69
interest-bearing deposits in other banks                                              22,810                           30                           0.13                            7,688                            9                           0.13                              666                           16                           2.41
other earning assets(5)                                                                1,289                           29                           2.23                            1,382                           33                           2.37                            1,536                           54                           3.49
total earning assets                                                                 138,727                        4,125                           2.97                          122,652                        4,310                           3.50                          110,174                        4,649                           4.21
unrealized gains/(losses) on securities available for sale, net (2)                      623                                                                                          935                                                                                          (5)
allowance for loan losses                                                            (1,795)                                                                                      (1,944)                                                                                        (857)
cash and due from banks                                                                2,027                                                                                        2,047                                                                                        1,895
other non-earning assets                                                              14,687                                                                                       14,405                                                                                       13,903
$154,269                                                                                     $138,095                                                                                     $125,110
liabilities and shareholders' equity interest-bearing liabilities:
savings                                                                              $13,867                           19                           0.13                          $10,325                           14                           0.14                           $8,719                           14                           0.16
interest-bearing checking                                                             25,128                            8                           0.03                           21,522                           35                           0.16                           18,772                          125                           0.67
money market                                                                          30,615                            8                           0.03                           27,877                           51                           0.18                           24,637                          167                           0.68
time deposits                                                                          5,253                           29                           0.56                            6,432                           76                           1.18                            7,632                          123                           1.61
other deposits                                                                             2                            -                           1.20                              252                            4                           1.58                              784                           18                           2.26
total interest-bearing deposits (6)                                                   74,865                           64                           0.09                           66,408                          180                           0.27                           60,544                          447                           0.74
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase                12                            -                           0.19                               46                            1                           1.18                              227                            5                           2.28
other short-term borrowings                                                                -                            -                              -                              797                            9                           1.13                            2,014                           48                           2.35
long-term borrowings                                                                   2,823                          103                           3.63                            6,601                          178                           2.67                           10,126                          351                           3.43
total interest-bearing liabilities                                                    77,700                          167                           0.21                           73,852                          368                           0.50                           72,911                          851                           1.17
non-interest-bearing deposits(5)                                                      55,838                            -                              -                           44,386                            -                              -                           33,869                            -                              -
total funding sources                                                                133,538                          167                           0.12                          118,238                          368                           0.31                          106,780                          851                           0.79
net interest spread (2)                                                                                                                             2.75                                                                                         3.00                                                                                         3.04
other liabilities                                                                      2,525                                                                                        2,469                                                                                        2,245
shareholders' equity                                                                  18,201                                                                                       17,382                                                                                       16,082
noncontrolling interest                                                                    5                                                                                            6                                                                                            3
$154,269                                                                                     $138,095                                                                                     $125,110
net interest income/margin on a taxable-equivalent basis (7)                                                       $3,958                           2.85      %                                                 $3,942                           3.21      %                                                 $3,798                           3.45      %
_______
(1)amounts have been calculated using whole dollar values.
(2)debt securities are included on an amortized cost basis with yield and net interest margin calculated accordingly.
(3)loans, net of unearned income include non-accrual loans for all periods presented.
(4)interest income includes net loan fees of $152 million, $75 million and $7 million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(5)due to the impact of interest-bearing deposits in other banks on the balance sheet in 2021, other earning assets and interest-bearing deposits in other banks for prior periods have been revised to reflect the 2021 presentation.
(6)total deposit costs may be calculated by dividing total interest expense on deposits by the sum of interest-bearing deposits and non-interest-bearing deposits. the rates for total deposit costs equal 0.05%, 0.16% and 0.47% for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(7)the computation of taxable-equivalent net interest income is based on the statutory federal income tax rate of 21%, adjusted for applicable state income taxes net of the related federal tax benefit.
table of contents table 3 "volume and yield/rate variances" provides additional information with which to analyze the changes in net interest income.
table 3- volume and yield/rate variances
2021 compared to 2020                                                             2020 compared to 2019
change due to                                                                     change due to volume                       yield/                       net                     volume                       yield/                       net rate                                                                              rate
(taxable-equivalent basis-in millions)
interest income on:
debt securities                                                                      $80                       $(129)                      $(49)                       $15                        $(76)                      $(61)
loans held for sale                                                                    8                            1                          9                        15                          (4)        11
loans, including fees                                                              (126)                         (36)                      (162)                       206                        (467)                      (261)
interest-bearing deposits in other banks                                              21                            -                         21                        21                         (28)                        (7)
other earning assets                                                                 (2)                          (2)                        (4)                       (5)                         (16)                       (21)
total earning assets                                                                (19)                        (166)                      (185)                       252                        (591)                      (339)
interest expense on:
savings                                                                                5                            -                          5                         2                          (2)                          -
interest-bearing checking                                                              5                         (32)                       (27)                        16                        (106)                       (90)
money market                                                                           4                         (47)                       (43)                        19                        (135)                      (116)
time deposits                                                                       (12)                         (35)                       (47)                      (17)                         (30)                       (47)
other deposits                                                                       (3)                          (1)                        (4)                      (10)                          (4)                       (14)
total interest-bearing deposits                                                      (1)                        (115)                      (116)                        10                        (277)                      (267)
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase             -                          (1)                        (1)                       (2)                          (2)                        (4)
other short-term borrowings                                                         (11)                            2                        (9)                      (21)                         (18)                       (39)
long-term borrowings                                                               (124)                           49                       (75)                     (106)                         (67)                      (173)
total interest-bearing liabilities                                                 (136)                         (65)                      (201)                     (119)                        (364)                      (483)
increase (decrease) in net interest income                                          $117                       $(101)                        $16                      $371                       $(227)                       $144
______
notes:
•the change in interest not due solely to volume or yield/rate has been allocated to the volume column and yield/rate column in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.
•the computation of taxable-equivalent net interest income is based on the statutory federal income tax rate of 21%, adjusted for applicable state income taxes net of the related federal tax benefit.
the mix of earning assets can affect the interest rate spread. regions' primary types of earning assets are loans and investment securities. certain types of earning assets have historically generated larger spreads; for example, loans typically generate larger spreads than other assets, such as securities, federal funds sold or securities purchased under agreements to resell. average earning assets in 2021 totaled $138.7 billion, an increase of $16.1 billion as compared to the prior year, primarily due to increases in interest-bearing deposits in other banks. see the "cash and cash equivalents" and "loans" sections for further details.
average loans as a percentage of average earning assets were 61 percent and 72 percent in 2021 and 2020, respectively. the remaining categories of earning assets are shown in table 2 "consolidated average daily balances and yield/rate analysis". the proportion of average earning assets to average total assets, which was 90 percent in 2021 and 89 percent in 2020, measures the effectiveness of management's efforts to invest available funds into the most profitable earning vehicles. funding for regions' earning assets comes from interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing sources. another significant factor affecting the net interest margin is the percentage of earning assets funded by interest-bearing liabilities. the percentage of average earning assets funded by average interest-bearing liabilities was 56 percent in 2021 and 60 percent in 2020.
table of contents provision for (benefit from) credit losses the provision for (benefit from) credit losses is used to maintain the allowance for loan losses and the reserve for unfunded credit losses at a level that in management's judgment is appropriate to absorb expected credit losses over the contractual life of the loan and credit commitment portfolio at the balance sheet date. during 2021, the benefit from credit losses totaled $524 million and net charge-offs were $204 million. this compares to a provision for credit losses of $1.3 billion and net charge-offs of $512 million in 2020.
for further discussion and analysis of the total allowance for credit losses, see the "allowance for credit losses" and "risk management" sections found later in this report. see also note 5 "allowance for credit losses" to the consolidated financial statements.
non-interest income table 4-non-interest income year ended december 31                                    change 2021 vs. 2020
2021                                                                                                                  2020                        2019                  amount                         percent
(dollars in millions)
service charges on deposit accounts                                                   $648                        $621                        $729                    $27                             4.3    %
card and atm fees                                                                      499                         438                         455                     61                            13.9    %
capital markets income                                                                 331                         275                         178                     56                            20.4    %
investment management and trust fee income                                             278                         253                         243                     25                             9.9    %
mortgage income                                                                        242                         333                         163                   (91)                          (27.3)    %
investment services fee income                                                         104                          84                          79                     20                            23.8    %
commercial credit fee income                                                            91                          77                          73                     14                            18.2    %
bank-owned life insurance                                                               82                          95                          78                   (13)                          (13.7)    %
market valuation adjustments on employee benefit assets- other                          20                          12                          11                      8                            66.7    %
gain on equity investment(1)                                                             3                          50                           -                   (47)                          (94.0)    %
securities gains (losses), net                                                           3                           4                        (28)                    (1)                          (25.0)    %
market valuation adjustments on employee benefit assets- defined benefit                 -                           -                           5                      -                                   nm other miscellaneous income                                                             223                         151                         130                     72                            47.7    %
$2,524                      $2,393                      $2,116                   $131                             5.5    %
_______
nm - not meaningful
(1) the 2021 amount is a gain on the sale of an equity investment, whereas the 2020 amount is a valuation gain on the investment that was sold in the first quarter 2021.
service charges on deposit accounts service charges on deposit accounts include non-sufficient fund and overdraft fees, corporate analysis service charges, overdraft protection fees and other customer transaction-related service charges. the increase in 2021 compared to 2020 was the result of elevated spending in 2021 as the pace of economic activity accelerated through the year. while service charges revenue improved, changes to customer spending behaviors as a result of the pandemic, combined with future changes to overdraft and non-sufficient funds policies, are expected to keep service charges below pre-pandemic levels. see the "executive overview" section for details on expectations for service charges income in 2022.
card and atm fees card and atm fees include the combined amounts of credit card/bank card income and debit card and atm related revenue. the increase in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily driven by increased debit card spending and transaction volume.
capital markets income capital markets income primarily relates to capital raising activities that includes securities underwriting and placement, loan syndication, as well as foreign exchange, derivatives, m&a and other advisory services. the increase in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to increases in revenue derived from loan syndications, securities underwriting and placement, m&a advisory services, and fees generated from the placement of permanent financing for real estate. see the "executive overview" section for details on expectations of capital markets income in 2022.
table of contents investment management and trust fee income investment management and trust fee income represents income from asset management services provided to individuals, businesses and institutions. the increase in 2021 compared to 2020 was due to favorable market conditions and an increase in sales.
mortgage income mortgage income is generated through the origination and servicing of residential mortgage loans for long-term investors and sales of residential mortgage loans in the secondary market. the decrease in mortgage income in 2021 compared to 2020 was due to a decline in loan refinance production and sales income from the record levels experienced in 2020. losses on mortgage servicing rights and related economic hedges also contributed to the decline. see note 6 "servicing of financial assets" to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
investment services fee income investment services fee income represents income earned from investment advisory services. investment services fee income increased during 2021 compared to 2020 due primarily to stronger financial advisor production and favorable market conditions.
commercial credit fee income commercial credit fee income includes letters of credit fees and unused commercial commitment fees. commercial credit fee income increased during 2021 compared 2020 primarily due to an increase in fees on unused commercial lines of credit. while line utilization at year-end had risen from the inflection point reached in the second quarter of 2021, overall line utilization remained below pre-pandemic levels.
bank-owned life insurance bank-owned life insurance income primarily represents income earned from the appreciation of the cash surrender value of insurance contracts held and the proceeds of insurance benefits. bank-owned life insurance decreased in 2021 compared to 2020 due to a continued decline in crediting rates, as well as a gain associated with a policy exchange completed during the fourth quarter of 2020, which did not repeat in 2021. an individual boli claim benefit recognized in 2021 partially offset the year-over-year decrease.
securities gains (losses), net net securities gains (losses) primarily result from the company's asset/liability management process. see table 6 "debt securities" section and note 3 "debt securities" to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
market value adjustments on employee benefit assets market value adjustments on employee benefit assets, both defined benefit and other, are the reflection of market value variations related to assets held for certain employee benefits. the adjustments are offset in salaries and benefits.
other miscellaneous income other miscellaneous income includes net revenue from affordable housing, income from sbic investments, valuation adjustments to equity investments (other than the item listed separately in table 4 above), commercial loan and leasing related income, fees from safe deposit boxes, check fees and other miscellaneous income. net revenue from affordable housing includes actual gains and losses resulting from the sale of affordable housing investments, cash distributions from the investments and any related impairment charges. other miscellaneous income increased in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to increases in commercial loan and leasing related income generated from the 2020 acquisition of ascentium, sbic income and increases in the values of certain other equity investments.
table of contents non-interest expense table 5-non-interest expense year ended december 31                                    change 2021 vs. 2020
2021                                                                                             2020                        2019                  amount                         percent
(dollars in millions)
salaries and employee benefits                                 $2,205                      $2,100                      $1,916                   $105                             5.0    %
equipment and software expense                                    365                         348                         325                     17                             4.9    %
net occupancy expense                                             303                         313                         321                   (10)                           (3.2)    %
outside services                                                  156                         170                         189                   (14)                           (8.2)    %
marketing                                                         106                          94                          97                     12                            12.8    %
professional, legal and regulatory expenses                        98                          89                          95                      9                            10.1    %
credit/checkcard expenses                                          62                          50                          68                     12                            24.0    %
fdic insurance assessments                                         45                          48                          48                    (3)                           (6.3)    %
visa class b shares expense                                        22                          24                          14                    (2)                           (8.3)    %
loss on early extinguishment of debt                               20                          22                          16                    (2)                           (9.1)    %
branch consolidation, property and equipment charges                5                          31                          25                   (26)                          (83.9)    %
provision (credit) for unfunded credit losses(1)                    -                           -                         (6)                      -                                   nm other miscellaneous expenses                                      360                         354                         381                      6                             1.7    %
$3,747                      $3,643                      $3,489                   $104                             2.9    %
_______
(1)upon adoption of cecl on january 1, 2020, the provision for credit losses presented within net interest income after provision for credit losses is the sum of the provision for loan losses and the provision for unfunded credit commitments. prior to the adoption of cecl, the provision for unfunded commitments was included in other non-interest expense.
salaries and employee benefits salaries and employee benefits consist of salaries, incentive compensation, long-term incentives, payroll taxes, and other employee benefits such as 401(k), pension, and medical, life and disability insurance, as well as, expenses from liabilities held for employee benefit purposes. salaries and employee benefits increased during 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to higher variable-based and incentive compensation associated with elevated fee income and better than expected credit performance. also contributing to the increase for 2021 was an increase in 401(k) and other benefits expenses as a result of positive market valuation adjustments. full-time equivalent headcount increased to 19,626 at december 31, 2021 from 19,406 at december 31, 2020, reflecting additions of approximately 620 associates from acquisitions in the fourth quarter of 2021 which were offset by declines in headcount throughout 2021 as a result of the continuing impact of the company's efficiency initiatives implemented as part of its strategic priorities.
outside services outside services consists of expenses related to routine services provided by third parties, such as contract labor, servicing costs, data processing, loan pricing and research, data license purchases, data subscriptions, and check printing. outside services decreased in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to regions exiting a third party lending relationship.
marketing marketing consists of advertising, market research, and public relations expenses. marketing increased in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to costs incurred for advertising.
professional, legal and regulatory expenses professional legal and regulatory expenses consist of amounts related to legal, consulting, other professional fees and regulatory charges. professional, legal and regulatory expenses increased in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to professional fees incurred related to the acquisitions in the fourth quarter of 2021.
credit/checkcard expenses credit/checkcard expenses include credit and checkcard fraud and expenses. credit/checkcard expenses increased in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to an increase in debit card fraud.
table of contents loss on early extinguishment of debt in both 2020 and 2021, regions redeemed or terminated early certain outstanding borrowings and incurred pre-tax charges associated with these transactions. see note 11 "borrowed funds" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
branch consolidation, property and equipment charges branch consolidation, property and equipment charges include valuation adjustments related to owned branches when the decision to close them is made. accelerated depreciation and lease write-off charges are recorded for leased branches through and at the actual branch close date. branch consolidation, property and equipment charges also include costs related to occupancy optimization initiatives.
other miscellaneous expenses other miscellaneous expenses include expenses related to communications, postage, supplies, certain credit-related costs, foreclosed property expenses, mortgage repurchase costs, operational losses and other costs (benefits) related to employee benefit plans.
income taxes the company's income tax expense for the year ended 2021 was $694 million compared to income tax expense of $220 million for the same period in 2020, resulting in effective tax rates of 21.6% percent and 16.8% percent, respectively. the effective tax rate is higher in 2021 due primarily to a consistent level of permanent income tax preferences having a proportionally lower impact on higher 2021 pre-tax income.
the effective tax rate is affected by many factors including, but not limited to, the level of pre-tax income, the mix of income between various tax jurisdictions with differing tax rates, enacted tax legislation, net tax benefits related to affordable housing investments, bank-owned life insurance income, tax-exempt interest and nondeductible expenses. in addition, the effective tax rate is affected by items that may occur in any given period but are not consistent from period-to-period, such as the termination of certain leveraged leases, share-based payments, valuation allowance changes and changes to unrecognized tax benefits. accordingly, the comparability of the effective tax rate between periods may be impacted.
at december 31, 2021, the company reported a net deferred tax liability of $306 million compared to a net deferred liability of $505 million at december 31, 2020. the decrease in the net deferred tax liability was due principally to the decrease in unrealized gains in available for sale securities and derivative instruments, which was partially offset by a decrease in the deferred tax asset related to the allowance.
the company continually assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets based on an evaluative process that considers all available positive and negative evidence. a valuation allowance is recognized for a deferred tax asset if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. in determining whether a valuation allowance is necessary, regions considers the level of taxable income in prior years to the extent that carrybacks are permitted under current tax laws, as well as estimates of future pre-tax and taxable income and tax planning strategies that would, if necessary, be implemented.
based on this evaluative process, the company established a valuation allowance in the amount of $29 million at december 31, 2021 and $31 million at december 31, 2020 because the company believes that a portion of state net operating loss carryforwards will not be utilized. since regions expects to realize the remaining federal and state deferred tax assets, no valuation allowance was deemed necessary against these deferred tax assets at december 31, 2021. see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" and note 19 "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about income taxes.
balance sheet analysis the following sections provide expanded discussion of significant changes in certain line items in asset, liability, and shareholders' equity categories.
cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2021, cash and cash equivalents totaled $29.4 billion compared to $18.0 billion at december 31, 2020. the increase was due primarily to an increase in cash on deposit with the frb. significant deposit growth was primarily driven by pandemic-related deposit inflows resulting in higher consumer account balances, and new account growth during 2021 contributed to elevated liquidity sources for the company. regions deployed some excess liquidity as opportunities existed given market interest rates, primarily through securities purchases and long-term borrowing extinguishment activities. see the "borrowed funds" and "securities" sections for further details. the remaining excess liquidity is held at the frb. see the "liquidity" and "deposits" sections for more information.
table of contents debt securities debt securities available for sale, which constitute the majority of the securities portfolio, are an important tool used to manage interest rate sensitivity and provide a primary source of liquidity for the company. regions maintains a highly rated securities portfolio consisting primarily of agency mortgage-backed securities. regions' investment policy emphasizes credit quality and liquidity. debt securities rated in the highest category by nationally recognized rating agencies and debt securities backed by the u.s. government and government sponsored agencies, both on a direct and indirect basis, represented approximately 95 percent of the investment portfolio at december 31, 2021. all other debt securities rated below aaa, not backed by the u.s. government or government sponsored agencies, or which are not rated represented approximately 5 percent of total debt securities at december 31, 2021. the "market risk-interest rate risk" and "liquidity risk" sections, found later in this report, further explain regions' interest rate and liquidity risk management practices.
the average life of the debt securities portfolio at december 31, 2021 was estimated to be 4.93 years, with a duration of approximately 4.25 years. these metrics compare with an estimated average life of 4.59 years, with a duration of approximately 4.0 years for the portfolio at december 31, 2020.
the increase in debt securities from year-end 2020 was primarily the result of the purchase of approximately $2.0 billion in u.s treasury securities, mortgage-backed securities and corporate and other debt securities during the second quarter of 2021, which was partially offset by decreases in market valuation driven by changes in interest rates.
see note 3 "debt securities" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
table 6 "debt securities" details the carrying values of debt securities, including both available for sale and held to maturity.
table 6-debt securities
2021                                                                                          2020
(in millions)
u.s. treasury securities                                    $1,132                        $183
federal agency securities                                       92                         105
obligations of states and political subdivisions                 4                           -
mortgage-backed securities:
residential agency                                          19,319                      19,611
residential non-agency                                           1                           1
commercial agency                                            6,915                       6,586
commercial non-agency                                          536                         586
corporate and other debt securities                          1,381                       1,204
$29,380                     $28,276
table of contents table 7 "relative contractual maturities" details the contractual maturities of debt securities, including held to maturity and available for sale, and the related weighted-average yields.
table 7- relative contractual maturities debt securities maturing as of december 31, 2021
within one                         after one but                   after five but                     after ten                       total year                                 within five                       within ten                         years years                            years
(dollars in millions)
u.s. treasury securities                                 $104                                 $320                             $700                             $8                        $1,132
federal agency securities                                7                                       -                                -                             85                            92
obligations of states and political subdivisions         -                                       -                                -                              4                             4
mortgage-backed securities:
residential agency                                       -                                     135                              962                         18,222                        19,319
residential non-agency                                   -                                       -                                1                              -                             1
commercial agency                                        74                                  2,119                            4,085                            637                         6,915
commercial non-agency                                    -                                       -                                -                            536                           536
corporate and other debt securities                      217                                   984                              160                             20                         1,381
$402                               $3,558                           $5,908                        $19,512                       $29,380
weighted-average yield (1)                               2.28        %                        2.18      %                      2.00      %                    1.88     %                    1.95   %
_________
(1)the weighted-average yields are calculated on the basis of the yield to maturity based on the carrying value of each debt security. the yields presented in table 2 are calculated based on the amortized cost of each debt security and yields earned throughout each year. yields are calculated based on whole dollar amounts.
loans held for sale at december 31, 2021, loans held for sale totaled $1.0 billion, consisting of $680 million of residential real estate mortgage loans, $257 million of commercial loans, $53 million of consumer and other performing loans, and $13 million of non-performing loans. at december 31, 2020, loans held for sale totaled $1.9 billion, consisting of $1.4 billion of residential real estate mortgage loans, $460 million of commercial mortgage and other loans, and $6 million of non-performing loans. in the fourth quarter of 2020, regions made the decision to sell a certain portfolio of $239 million commercial and industrial loans, which were reclassified to held for sale as of december 31, 2020. on june 1, 2021, regions made the decision not to sell the respective loans, therefore the remaining balance of approximately $193 million was reclassified back into the held for investment portfolio. the levels of residential real estate and commercial mortgage loans held for sale that are part of the company's mortgage originations to be sold fluctuate depending on the timing of origination and sale to third parties.
loans general loans, net of unearned income, represented 60 percent of interest-earning assets as of december 31, 2021, compared to 64 percent as of december 31, 2020. lending at regions is generally organized along three portfolio segments: commercial loans (including commercial and industrial, and owner-occupied commercial real estate mortgage and construction loans), investor real estate loans (commercial real estate mortgage and construction loans) and consumer loans (residential first mortgage, home equity lines and loans, consumer credit card, other consumer-exit portfolios, and other consumer loans).
table of contents table 8 illustrates a year-over-year comparison of loans, net of unearned income, by portfolio segment and class as of december 31, 2021 and 2020 and table 9 provides information on selected loan maturities as of december 31, 2021:
table 8-loan portfolio
2021                                                                                                             2020
(in millions, net of unearned income)
commercial and industrial                                    $43,758                                   $42,870
commercial real estate mortgage-owner-occupied                 5,287                                     5,405
commercial real estate construction-owner-occupied               264                                       300
total commercial                                              49,309                                    48,575
commercial investor real estate mortgage                       5,441                                     5,394
commercial investor real estate construction                   1,586                                     1,869
total investor real estate                                     7,027                                     7,263
residential first mortgage                                    17,512                                    16,575
home equity lines                                              3,744                                     4,539
home equity loans                                              2,510                                     2,713
consumer credit card                                           1,184                                     1,213
other consumer-exit portfolios                                 1,071                                     2,035
other consumer                                                 5,427                                     2,353
total consumer                                                31,448                                    29,428
$87,784                                   $85,266
table 9- loan maturities loans maturing as of december 31, 2021
within                     after one                             after five                   after 15 years                       total one year                    but within                    but within 15 years five years
(in millions)
commercial and industrial                                   $6,439                      $29,187                              $6,900                             $1,232                        $43,758
commercial real estate mortgage-owner-occupied                 353                        1,825                               2,937                                172                          5,287
commercial real estate construction-owner-occupied              14                           63                                 152                                 35          264
total commercial                                             6,806                       31,075                               9,989                              1,439                         49,309
commercial investor real estate mortgage                     1,974                        3,262                                 205                                  -                          5,441
commercial investor real estate construction                   276                        1,308                                   2                                  -                          1,586
total investor real estate                                   2,250                        4,570                                 207                                  -                          7,027
residential first mortgage                                       8                          172                               3,613                             13,719                         17,512
home equity lines                                              126                        1,110                               2,503                                  5                          3,744
home equity loans                                               13                          176                               2,063                                258                          2,510
consumer credit card                                         1,184                            -                                   -                                  -                          1,184
other consumer-exit portfolios                                  44                          599                                 428                                  -                          1,071
other consumer                                                 212                        2,155                               1,596                              1,464                          5,427
total consumer                                               1,587                        4,212                              10,203                             15,446                         31,448
$10,643                      $39,857                             $20,399                            $16,885                        $87,784
table of contents table 10- loan distribution by rate type the following table shows the distribution of those loans with maturities greater than one year between predetermined and variable interest rate loans as of december 31, 2021:
predetermined                    variablerate (1)
rate
(in millions)
commercial and industrial                                    $12,472                            $24,847
commercial real estate mortgage-owner-occupied                 2,935                              1,999
commercial real estate construction-owner-occupied               168                                 82
total commercial                                              15,575                             26,928
commercial investor real estate mortgage                         262                              3,205
commercial investor real estate construction                       4                              1,306
total investor real estate                                       266                              4,511
residential first mortgage                                    15,758                              1,746
home equity lines                                                  -                              3,618
home equity loans                                              2,497                                  -
other consumer-exit portfolios                                 1,027                                  -
other consumer                                                 4,990                                225
total consumer                                                24,272                              5,589
$40,113                            $37,028
_________
(1)the lending reported in variable rate disclosure is based upon the rate in the underlying lending agreements. for some lending arrangements, regions enters into interest rate swap and floor agreements to manage overall cash flow changes related to interest rate risk exposure on variable rate loans. the agreements effectively modify the company's exposure to interest rate risk by utilizing receive fixed/pay variable interest rate swaps and interest rate floors. the impact of hedging is not considered within this disclosure.
loans, net of unearned income, totaled $87.8 billion at december 31, 2021, an increase of $2.5 billion from year-end 2020 levels. regions manages loan growth with a focus on risk management and risk-adjusted return on capital. loan balances increased year over year in the commercial and consumer portfolio segments but declined within the investor real estate portfolio segment. within the consumer portfolio segment, the year over year balance increase is primarily attributable to $3.1 billion in loans associated with the acquisition of enerbank. see the "executive overview" section for details on expectations of average loan growth in 2022.
portfolio characteristics the following sections describe the composition of the portfolio segments and classes disclosed in table 8, explain changes in balances from the 2020 year-end, and highlight the related risk characteristics. regions believes that its loan portfolio is well diversified by product, client, and geography throughout its footprint. however, the loan portfolio may be exposed to certain concentrations of credit risk which exist in relation to individual borrowers or groups of borrowers, certain types of collateral, certain types of industries, certain loan products, or certain regions of the country. see note 4 "loans" and note 5 "allowance for credit losses" to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
commercial the commercial portfolio segment includes commercial and industrial loans to commercial customers for use in normal business operations to finance working capital needs, equipment purchases and other expansion projects. commercial and industrial loans increased $888 million or 2 percent since year-end 2020. the december 31, 2021 balance includes $748 million of ppp loans, a decrease of $2.9 billion compared to year-end 2020. while line utilization levels remain well below pre-pandemic levels, utilization levels slightly increased by the end of the year compared to the inflection point reached in the second quarter of 2021. excluding ppp lending balances, commercial loan balances increased since year-end 2020 driven by growth in financial services, wholesale goods, utilities, and transportation and warehousing.
commercial also includes owner-occupied commercial real estate mortgage loans to operating businesses, which are loans for long-term financing on land and buildings, and are repaid by cash generated by business operations. owner-occupied commercial real estate construction loans are made to commercial businesses for the development of land or construction of a building where the repayment is derived from revenues generated from the business of the borrower.
over half of the company's total loans are included in the commercial portfolio segment. these balances are spread across numerous industries, as noted in the table below. the company manages the related risks to this portfolio by setting certain lending limits for each significant industry.
table of contents the following table provides detail of regions' commercial portfolio balances in selected industries as of december 31:
table 11-commercial industry exposure
2021
loans                unfunded commitments                total exposure
(in millions)
administrative, support, waste and repair                      $1,489                         $1,141                          $2,630
agriculture                                                       336                            253                             589
educational services                                            2,975                            948                           3,923
energy                                                          1,361                          2,678                           4,039
financial services                                              5,582                          5,933                          11,515
government and public sector                                    2,845                            526                           3,371
healthcare                                                      3,918                          2,270                           6,188
information                                                     1,929                          1,233                           3,162
manufacturing                                                   4,629                          4,270                           8,899
professional, scientific and technical services                 2,235                          1,409                           3,644
real estate (1)                                                 7,343                          7,720                          15,063
religious, leisure, personal and non-profit services            1,733                            730                           2,463
restaurant, accommodation and lodging                           1,658                            433                           2,091
retail trade                                                    2,247                          2,307                           4,554
transportation and warehousing                                  3,030                          1,538                           4,568
utilities                                                       2,131                          2,895                           5,026
wholesale goods                                                 3,756                          3,189                           6,945
other (2)                                                         112                          2,425                           2,537
total commercial                                              $49,309                        $41,898                         $91,207
2020 (3)
loans                unfunded commitments                total exposure
(in millions)
administrative, support, waste and repair                      $1,605                         $1,017                          $2,622
agriculture                                                       424                            332                             756
educational services                                            3,055                            852                           3,907
energy                                                          1,676                          2,337                           4,013
financial services                                              4,416                          4,905                           9,321
government and public sector                                    2,907                            621                           3,528
healthcare                                                      4,141                          2,468                           6,609
information                                                     1,699                          1,096                           2,795
manufacturing                                                   4,555                          4,216                           8,771
professional, scientific and technical services                 2,467                          1,594                           4,061
real estate (1)                                                 7,285                          7,456                          14,741
religious, leisure, personal and non-profit services            1,966                            810                           2,776
restaurant, accommodation and lodging                           2,196                            341                           2,537
retail trade                                                    2,578                          2,178                           4,756
transportation and warehousing                                  2,731                          1,415                           4,146
utilities                                                       1,829                          2,758                           4,587
wholesale goods                                                 3,050                          3,303                           6,353
other (2)                                                         (5)                          1,774                           1,769
total commercial                                              $48,575                        $39,473                         $88,048
_______
(1)"real estate" includes reits, which are unsecured commercial and industrial products that are real estate related.
(2)"other" contains balances related to non-classifiable and invalid business industry codes offset by payments in process and fee accounts that are not available at the loan level.
(3)as customers' businesses evolve (e.g. up or down the vertical manufacturing chain), regions may need to change the assigned business industry code used to define the customer relationship. when these changes occur, regions does not recast the customer history for prior periods into the new classification because the business industry code used in the prior period was deemed appropriate. as a result, year over year changes may be impacted.
table of contents investor real estate loans for real estate development are repaid through cash flows related to the operation, sale or refinance of the property. this portfolio segment includes extensions of credit to real estate developers or investors where repayment is dependent on the sale of real estate or income generated from the real estate collateral. a portion of regions' investor real estate portfolio segment consists of loans secured by residential product types (land, single-family and condominium loans) within regions' markets. additionally, this category includes loans made to finance income-producing properties such as apartment buildings, office and industrial buildings, and retail shopping centers. total investor real estate loans decreased $236 million in comparison to 2020 year-end balances.
residential first mortgage residential first mortgage loans represent loans to consumers to finance a residence. these loans are typically financed over a 15 to 30 year term and, in most cases, are extended to borrowers to finance their primary residence. these loans increased $937 million in comparison to 2020 year-end balances. the increase in residential first mortgage loans was primarily driven by strong originations due to continued historically low market interest rates. approximately $6.0 billion in new loan originations were retained on the balance sheet through the year ended december 31, 2021.
home equity lines home equity lines are secured by a first or second mortgage on the borrower's residence and allow customers to borrow against the equity in their homes. home equity lines decreased by $795 million in comparison to 2020 year-end balances continuing the pace of decline experienced in the past several years as payoffs and paydowns outpaced production. substantially all of this portfolio was originated through regions' branch network.
beginning in december 2016, new home equity lines of credit have a 10-year draw period and a 20-year repayment term. during the 10-year draw period customers do not have an interest-only payment option, except on a very limited basis. from may 2009 to december 2016, home equity lines of credit had a 10-year draw period and a 10-year repayment term. prior to may 2009, the predominant structure was a 20-year draw period with a balloon payment upon maturity. the term "balloon payment" means there are no principal payments required until the balloon payment is due for interest-only lines of credit.
the following table presents information regarding the future principal payment reset dates for the company's home equity lines of credit as of december 31, 2021. the balances presented are based on maturity date for lines with a balloon payment and draw period expiration date for lines that convert to a repayment period.
table 12-home equity lines of credit - future principal payment resets first lien                    % of total                second lien                    % of total                    total
(dollars in millions)
2022        $122                          3.27     %                 $101                          2.68     %                 $223
2023          90                          2.40                         67                          1.79                        157
2024         130                          3.47                         92                          2.46                        222
2025         130                          3.47                        139                          3.73                        269
2026         179                          4.79                        185                          4.93                        364
2027-2032       1,433                         38.27                      1,067                         28.49                      2,500
2032-2036           2                          0.04                          2                          0.06                          4
thereafter           3                          0.09                          2                          0.06                          5
total      $2,089                         55.80     %               $1,655                         44.20     %               $3,744
home equity loans home equity loans are also secured by a first or second mortgage on the borrower's residence, are primarily originated as amortizing loans, and allow customers to borrow against the equity in their homes. home equity loans decreased by $203 million in comparison to 2020 year-end balances. substantially all of this portfolio was originated through regions' branch network.
other consumer credit quality data the company calculates an estimate of the current value of property secured as collateral for both residential first mortgage and home equity lending products ("current ltv"). the estimate is based on home price indices compiled by a third party. the third party data indicates trends for msas. regions uses the third party valuation trends from the msas in the company's footprint in its estimate. the trend data is applied to the loan portfolios taking into account the age of the most recent valuation and geographic area.
table of contents the following table presents current ltv data for components of the residential first mortgage, home equity lines and home equity loans classes of the consumer portfolio segment. current ltv data for some loans in the portfolio is not available due to mergers and systems integrations. the amounts in the table represent the entire loan balance. for purposes of the table below, if the loan balance exceeds the current estimated collateral the entire balance is included in the "above 100%" category, regardless of the amount of collateral available to partially offset the shortfall.
table 13-estimated current loan to value ranges december 31, 2021
residential                                          home equity lines of credit                                           home equity loans first mortgage
1st lien                     2nd lien                                1st lien                       2nd lien
(in millions)
estimated current ltv:
above 100%                             $5                                $1                           $-                                      $2                           $1
above 80% - 100%                    1,667                                 6         8                                                         16                            4
80% and below                      15,564                             2,053                           1,588                                2,305                          167
data not available                    276                                29         59                                                        11                            4
$17,512                            $2,089                           $1,655                              $2,334                         $176
december 31, 2020
residential                                          home equity lines of credit                                           home equity loans first mortgage
1st lien                     2nd lien                                1st lien                       2nd lien
(in millions)
estimated current ltv:
above 100%                            $20                                $4                                  $2                               $5                           $4
above 80% - 100%                    2,510                                32         82                                                        22                           12
80% and below                      13,790                             2,417                               1,888                            2,452                          207
data not available                    255                                32         82                                                         7                            4
$16,575                            $2,485                              $2,054                           $2,486                         $227
consumer credit card consumer credit card lending represents primarily open-ended variable interest rate consumer credit card loans. these balances decreased $29 million from year-end 2020.
other consumer-exit portfolios other consumer-exit portfolios includes lending initiatives through third parties consisting of loans made through automotive dealerships and other point of sale lending. regions ceased originating new loans related to these businesses prior to 2020 and therefore the portfolio balance has decreased $1.0 billion from year-end 2020.
other consumer other consumer loans primarily include indirect and direct consumer loans, overdrafts and other revolving loans. other consumer loans increased $3.1 billion from year-end 2020 primarily due to the company's acquisition of enerbank in the fourth quarter of 2021.
regions considers factors such as periodic updates of fico scores, unemployment, home prices, and geography as credit quality indicators for consumer loans. fico scores are obtained at origination and refreshed fico scores are obtained by the company quarterly for most consumer loans. for more information on credit quality indicators refer to note 5 "allowance for credit losses".
allowance the allowance consists of two components: the allowance for loan losses and the reserve for unfunded credit commitments. unfunded credit commitments includes items such as letters of credit, financial guarantees and binding unfunded loan commitments.
the allowance totaled $1.6 billion as of december 31, 2021, compared to $2.3 billion at december 31, 2020, which represents management's best estimate of expected losses over the life of the loan and credit commitment portfolios. key drivers of the change in the allowance are presented in table 14 below for the quarters within and the years ended december table of contents
31, 2021, and 2020 to illustrate categories of changes in the allowance under cecl. while many of these items overlap regarding impact, they are included in the category most relevant.
table 14- allowance changes three months ended december 31, 2021                  september 30, 2021                 june 30, 2021                march 31, 2021
(in millions)
allowance for credit losses, beginning balance                     $1,499                             $1,684                          $2,068                        $2,293
initial allowance on acquired pcd loans                                 9                                  -                               -                             -
net charge-offs                                                      (44)                               (30)                            (47)                          (83)
provision (credit) over net charge-offs:
economic outlook and adjustments                                     (51)                               (91)                           (265)                         (130)
changes in portfolio credit quality/uncertainty                      (19)                               (66)                            (67)                          (14)
changes in specific reserves                                         (19)                               (21)                            (36)                          (17)
other portfolio changes (1)                                            40           23                                  31                            19
initial provision impact of non-pcd acquired loans(2)                 159                                  -                               -                             -
total provision over (less than) net charge-offs                       66                              (185)                           (384)                         (225)
allowance for credit losses, ending balance                        $1,574                             $1,499                          $1,684                        $2,068
three months ended december 31, 2020                  september 30, 2020                 june 30, 2020                march 31, 2020
(in millions)
allowance for credit losses, beginning balance (as adjusted for change in accounting guidance on january 1, 2020) (3)                $2,425                             $2,425                          $1,665                        $1,415
initial allowance on acquired pcd loans                                                                                                   -                                  -                              60                             -
net charge-offs                                                                                                                        (94)                              (113)                           (182)                         (123)
provision (credit) over net charge-offs:
economic outlook and adjustments                                                                                                      (137)                               (22)                             287                           223
changes in portfolio credit quality/uncertainty                                                                                         147           115                                                  382                            42
changes in specific reserves                                                                                                            (5)           52                                                  (10)                            36
other portfolio changes (1)                                                                                                            (43)                               (32)                             147                            72
initial provision impact of non-pcd acquired loans(2)                                                                                     -                                  -                              76                             -
total provision over (less than) net charge-offs                                                                                      (132)                                  -                             700                           250
allowance for credit losses, ending balance                                                                                          $2,293                             $2,425                          $2,425                        $1,665
twelve months ended december 31, 2021                    twelve months ended december 31, 2020
(in millions)
allowance for credit losses at january 1 (as adjusted for change in accounting guidance) (1)                            $2,293                                                   $1,415
initial allowance on acquired pcd loans                                                                                      9                                                       60
net charge-offs                                                                                                          (204)                                                    (512)
provision over net charge-offs:
economic outlook and adjustments                                                                                         (537)                                                      351
changes in portfolio credit quality/uncertainty                                                                          (166)                                                      686
changes in specific reserves                                                                                              (93)                                                       73
other portfolio changes (1)                                                                                                113                                                      144
initial provision impact of non-pcd acquired loans(2)                                                                      159                                                       76
total provision over (less than) net charge-offs                                                                         (728)                                                      818
allowance for credit losses at december 31                                                                              $1,574                                                   $2,293
_________
(1)this line item includes the net impact of portfolio growth, portfolio run-off, pay-downs and changes in the mix of total outstanding loans. this line does not include ppp loans of $748 million, $1.5 billion, $2.9 billion, $4.3 billion, $3.6 billion, $4.6 billion and $4.5 billion as of december 31, 2021, september 30, 2021, june 30, 2021, march 31, 2021, december 31, 2020, september 30, 2020, and june 30, 2020 respectively, which are fully backed by the u.s. government and have an immaterial associated allowance.
(2)the balance for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021 includes $145 million related to the initial allowance for non-pcd loans acquired as a part of the fourth quarter 2021 enerbank acquisition. the balance for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020 includes $64 million related to the initial allowance for non-pcd loans acquired as part of the second quarter 2020 ascentium acquisition.
(3)regions adopted the cecl accounting guidance on january 1, 2020 and recorded the cumulative effect of the change in accounting guidance as a reduction to retained earnings and an increase to deferred tax assets. see note 1 for additional details.
table of contents credit metrics are monitored throughout the quarter in order to understand external macro-views, trends and industry outlooks, as well as regions' internal specific views of credit metrics and trends. the fourth quarter of 2021 exhibited positive credit performance inclusive of the increased loans from regions' fourth quarter acquisition of enerbank. while total net charge-offs did increase $14 million, commercial and investor real estate criticized balances decreased approximately $149 million and classified balances decreased $41 million compared to the third quarter of 2021. non-performing loans, excluding held for sale, and non-performing assets decreased approximately $79 million and $72 million, respectively, compared to the third quarter of 2021.
regions' purchase of enerbank included approximately $3.1 billion in loans that are included in regions' other consumer loan portfolio, of which approximately 6% were considered to be pcd. purchased loans that have experienced a more than insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination are considered to be credit deteriorated. the enerbank acquisition resulted in $168 million in additional allowance in the fourth quarter, of which $159 million was recorded through the provision for credit losses and the remaining $9 million was for acquired pcd loans and did not impact the provision for credit losses. see the "enerbank acquisition" section for more information.
regions' december 2021 forecast was generally improved compared to the september 2021 forecast with continued increases in hpi and stable gdp growth; however a significant level of uncertainty remains. regions' economic forecast utilized in the december 31, 2021 allowance estimate considered top-line real gdp growth, business investment in equipment and machinery, further vaccine distribution and ample liquidity. additionally, mortgage ltvs are holding up well, but the rate of house price appreciation has begun to slow and continued moderation is expected through the forecast horizon. ongoing supply chain bottlenecks, labor supply constraints, inflationary pressures and covid-19 variants provide uncertainty. refer to the economic environment in regions' banking markets within the "executive overview" section for more information. furthermore, regions benchmarks its internal forecast with external forecasts and external data available.
the table below reflects a range of macroeconomic factors utilized in the base forecast over the two-year r&s forecast period as of december 31, 2021. the unemployment rate is the most significant macroeconomic factor among the cecl models. unemployment rates in the fourth quarter and the forecasted periods remained normalized.
table 15- macroeconomic factors in the forecast pre-r&amp;s period                                                                                                                                                                                                   base r&amp;s forecast december 31, 2021
4q2021                                                               1q2022                     2q2022                     3q2022                     4q2022                     1q2023                     2q2023                     3q2023                     4q2023
real gdp, annualized % change                   6.4        %                    4.0   %                    4.2   %                    4.0   %                    3.4   %                    2.6   %                    2.2   %                    2.1   %                    2.2   %
unemployment rate                               4.4        %                    3.9   %                    3.8   %                    3.7   %                    3.7   %                    3.6   %                    3.6   %                    3.5   %                    3.5   %
hpi, year-over-year % change                   16.7        %                   14.0   %                    9.6   %                    6.0   %                    4.7   %                    4.7   %                    4.7   %                    4.5   %                    4.2   %
s&amp;p 500                                            4,570                      4,643                      4,697                      4,760                      4,833                      4,892                      4,940                      4,987                      5,036
the continued improvement in the economic outlook and positive credit performance during the quarter (described above) were significant drivers of the modeled decreases in the allowance, excluding the impact of enerbank.
while regions' quantitative allowance methodologies strive to reflect all risk factors, any estimate involves assumptions and uncertainties resulting in some level of imprecision. the qualitative framework has a general imprecision component which is meant to acknowledge that model and forecast errors are inherent in any modeling estimate. the december 31, 2021 general imprecision allowance was reduced compared to the third quarter of 2021, but continues to reflect management's caution with respect to the modeled reductions in the allowance given uncertainties such as concerns about new covid-19 variants, lingering supply chain issues and inflation.
based on the overall analysis performed, management deemed an allowance of $1.6 billion to be appropriate to absorb expected credit losses in the loan and credit commitment portfolios as of december 31, 2021.
table of contents details regarding the allowance and net charge-offs, including an analysis of activity from the previous year's totals, are included in table 16 "allowance for credit losses". net charge-offs decreased $308 million year-over-year, primarily driven by a decline in net charge-offs in the commercial and industrial portfolio as a result of larger individual charge-offs during 2020 coupled with more recoveries in 2021. additionally, the consumer real estate-related portfolios experienced net recoveries during 2021 and the other consumer-exit portfolios had less charge-offs in 2021 as those portfolios continue to wind down. as noted, economic trends such as interest rates, unemployment, volatility in commodity prices, collateral valuations and inflationary pressure will impact the future levels of net charge-offs and may result in volatility of certain credit metrics during 2022 and beyond. see the "executive overview" section for details on expectations for net charge-offs in 2022.
table 16-allowance for credit losses
2021                                                                                                                               2020                      2019
(dollars in millions)
allowance for loan losses at january 1                                                             $2,167                      $869                      $840
cumulative change in accounting guidance (1)                                                            -                       438                         -
allowance for loan losses, january 1 (as adjusted for change in accounting guidance) (1)            2,167                     1,307                       840
loans charged-off:
commercial and industrial                                                                             124                       358                       138
commercial real estate mortgage-owner-occupied                                                          3                        10                        11
commercial real estate construction-owner-occupied                                                      1                         -                         1
commercial investor real estate mortgage                                                               20                         1                         1
commercial investor real estate construction                                                            -                         -                         -
residential first mortgage                                                                              2                         6                         4
home equity lines                                                                                       6                        12                        21
home equity loans                                                                                       1                         3                         5
consumer credit card                                                                                   43                        58                        67
other consumer- exit portfolios                                                                        31                        61                        84
other consumer                                                                                         97                       104                       111
328                                                                                                                             613                       443
recoveries of loans previously charged-off:
commercial and industrial                                                                              56                        38                        24
commercial real estate mortgage-owner-occupied                                                          3                         5                         5
commercial real estate construction-owner-occupied                                                      -                         -                         -
commercial investor real estate mortgage                                                                3                         3                         3
commercial investor real estate construction                                                            -                         -                         1
residential first mortgage                                                                              5                         3                         3
home equity lines                                                                                      14                        12                        12
home equity loans                                                                                       4                         3                         4
consumer credit card                                                                                   11                        10                         9
other consumer- exit portfolios                                                                         5                         9                        12
other consumer                                                                                         23                        18                        12
124                                                                                                                             101                        85
net charge-offs (recoveries):
commercial and industrial                                                                              68                       320                       114
commercial real estate mortgage-owner-occupied                                                          -                         5                         6
commercial real estate construction-owner-occupied                                                      1                         -                         1
commercial investor real estate mortgage                                                               17                       (2)                       (2)
commercial investor real estate construction                                                            -                         -                       (1)
residential first mortgage                                                                            (3)                         3                         1
home equity lines                                                                                     (8)                         -                         9
home equity loans                                                                                     (3)                         -                         1
consumer credit card                                                                                   32                        48                        58
other consumer- exit portfolios                                                                        26                        52                        72
other consumer                                                                                         74                        86                        99
204                                                                                                                             512                       358
provision for loan losses                                                                           (493)                     1,312                       387
initial allowance on acquired pcd loans                                                                 9                        60                         -
allowance for loan losses at december 31                                                            1,479                     2,167                       869

2021                                                                                                                                             2020                        2019
(dollars in millions)
reserve for unfunded credit commitments at january 1                                                             $126                         $45                         $51
cumulative change in accounting guidance (1)                                                                        -                          63                           -
reserve for unfunded credit commitments, as adjusted for change in accounting guidance                            126                         108                          51
provision (credit) for unfunded credit losses                                                                    (31)                          18                         (6)
reserve for unfunded credit commitments at december 31                                                            $95                        $126                         $45
allowance for credit losses at december 31                                                                     $1,574                      $2,293                        $914
loans, net of unearned income, outstanding at end of period                                                   $87,784                     $85,266                     $82,963
average loans, net of unearned income, outstanding for the period                                             $84,802                     $87,813                     $83,248
net loan charge-offs (recoveries) as a % of average loans, annualized commercial and industrial                                                                                        0.16   %                    0.71   %                    0.28   %
commercial real estate mortgage-owner-occupied                                                                      -   %                    0.09   %                    0.09   %
commercial real estate construction-owner-occupied                                                               0.42   %                    0.27   %                       -   %
total commercial                                                                                                 0.14   %                    0.64   %                    0.26   %
commercial investor real estate mortgage                                                                         0.30   %                  (0.03)   %                  (0.04)   %
commercial investor real estate construction                                                                        -   %                       -   %                  (0.05)   %
total investor real estate                                                                                       0.23   %                  (0.03)   %                  (0.04)   %
residential first mortgage                                                                                     (0.02)   %                    0.02   %                    0.01   %
home equity- lines of credit                                                                                   (0.20)   %                  (0.01)   %                    0.15   %
home equity- closed end                                                                                        (0.11)   %                    0.01   %                    0.05   %
consumer credit card                                                                                             2.83   %                    3.84   %                    4.44   %
other consumer- exit portfolios                                                                                  1.70   %                    1.86   %                    1.69   %
other consumer                                                                                                   2.41   %                    3.26   %                    4.74   %
total                                                                                                            0.24   %                    0.58   %                    0.43   %
ratios:
allowance for credit losses at end of period to loans, net of unearned income                                    1.79   %                    2.69   %                    1.10   %
allowance for loan losses to loans, net of unearned income                                                       1.69   %                    2.54   %                    1.05   %
allowance for credit losses at end of period to non-performing loans, excluding loans held for sale               349   %                     308   %                     180   %
allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans, excluding loans held for sale                                  328   %                     291   %                     171   %
_______
(1)regions adopted the cecl accounting guidance on january 1, 2020 and recorded the cumulative effect of the change in accounting guidance as a reduction to retained earnings and an increase to deferred tax assets. see note 1 for additional details.
allocation of the allowance for credit losses by portfolio segment and class is summarized as follows:
table 17-allowance allocation
2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2020
loan balance                allowance allocation(1)                         allowance to loans %(2)                  loan balance                allowance allocation(1)                         allowance to loans %(2)
(dollars in millions)
commercial and industrial                                    $43,758                                $613                                             1.4         %                $42,870                              $1,027                                             2.4         %
commercial real estate mortgage-owner-occupied                 5,287                                 118                                             2.2                            5,405                                 242                                             4.5
commercial real estate construction-owner-occupied               264                                   9                                             3.5                              300                                  24                                             8.0
total commercial                                              49,309                                 740                                             1.5                           48,575                               1,293                                             2.7
commercial investor real estate mortgage                       5,441                                  77                                             1.4                            5,394                                 167                                             3.1
commercial investor real estate construction                   1,586                                  10                                             0.6                            1,869                                  30                                             1.6
total investor real estate                                     7,027                                  87                                             1.2                            7,263                                 197                                             2.7
residential first mortgage                                    17,512                                 122                                             0.7                           16,575                                 155                                             0.9
home equity lines                                              3,744                                  83                                             2.2                            4,539                                 122                                             2.7
home equity loans                                              2,510                                  28                                             1.1                            2,713                                  33                                             1.2
consumer credit card                                           1,184                                 120                                            10.2                            1,213                                 161                                            13.3
other consumer-exit portfolios                                 1,071                                  64                                             6.0                            2,035                                 124                                             6.1
other consumer                                                 5,427                                 330                                             6.1                            2,353                                 208                                             8.9
total consumer                                                31,448                                 747                                             2.4                           29,428                                 803                                             2.7
total                                                        $87,784                              $1,574                                             1.8         %                $85,266                              $2,293                                             2.7         %

_____
(1)regions adopted the cecl accounting guidance on january 1, 2020 and recorded the cumulative effect of the change in accounting guidance as a reduction to retained earnings and an increase to deferred tax assets. the allowance allocation after january 1, 2020 is the allowance for credit losses compared to the allowance for loan losses prior to january 1, 2020. see note 1 for additional details.
(2)amounts have been calculated using whole dollar values.
troubled debt restructurings (tdrs)
tdrs are modified loans in which a concession is provided to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty. as provided initially in the cares act passed into law on march 27, 2020 and subsequently extended through the consolidated appropriations act signed into law on december 27, 2020, certain loan modifications related to the covid-19 pandemic beginning march 1, 2020 through the earlier of 60 days after the end of the pandemic or january 1, 2022 are eligible for relief from tdr classification. regions elected this provision of both acts; therefore, modified loans that met the required guidelines for relief are not considered tdrs and are excluded from the disclosures below.
under regions' covid-19 deferral and forbearance programs, customer payments are deferred for a period of time, typically 90 days. upon expiration of the deferral period, customers may apply for additional relief or resume making payments on their loans. repayment plans for the deferrals differ depending on the loan type and repayment ability of the borrower. the cares act relief precluded the majority of these modifications from being classified as tdrs as of december 31, 2021.
residential first mortgage, home equity, consumer credit card and other consumer tdrs are consumer loans modified under the cap. commercial and investor real estate loan modifications are not the result of a formal program, but represent situations where modifications were offered as a workout alternative. renewals of classified commercial and investor real estate loans are considered to be tdrs, even if no reduction in interest rate is offered, if the existing terms are considered to be below market. insignificant modifications are not considered tdrs. more detailed information is included in note 5 "allowance for credit losses" to the consolidated financial statements. the following table summarizes the loan balance and related allowance for accruing and non-accruing tdrs for the periods ending december 31:
table 18-troubled debt restructurings
2021                                                                                                                                                          2020
loan                 allowance for                    loan                 allowance for balance                 credit losses                 balance                 credit losses
(in millions)
accruing:
commercial                                                            $81                          $4                       $77                          $6
investor real estate                                                    1                           -                        44                           1
residential first mortgage                                            220                          31                       188                          23
home equity lines                                                      28                           3                        35                           5
home equity loans                                                      58                           8                        78                           8
consumer credit card                                                    -                           -                         1                           -
other consumer                                                          4                           -                         4                           -
392                                                                                                46                       427                          43
non-accrual status or 90 days past due and still accruing:
commercial                                                             87                          14                       124                          18
residential first mortgage                                             31                           5                        42                           6
home equity lines                                                       2                           -                         2                           -
home equity loans                                                       6                           1                         7                          $1
126                                                                                                20                       175                          25
total tdrs - loans                                                   $518                         $66                      $602                         $68
tdrs- held for sale                                                     -                           -                         1                           -
total tdrs                                                           $518                         $66                      $603                         $68
table of contents the following table provides an analysis of the changes in commercial and investor real estate tdrs. tdrs with subsequent restructurings that meet the definition of a tdr are only reported as tdr additions in the period they were first modified. other than resolutions such as charge-offs, foreclosures, payments, sales and transfers to held for sale, regions may remove loans from tdr classification if the following conditions are met: the borrower's financial condition improves such that the borrower is no longer in financial difficulty, the loan has not had any forgiveness of principal or interest, the loan has not been restructured as an "a" note/"b" note, the loan has been reported as a tdr over one fiscal year-end and the loan is subsequently refinanced or restructured at market terms such that it qualifies as a new loan.
for the consumer portfolio, changes in tdrs are primarily due to additions from cap modifications and outflows from payments and charge-offs. given the types of concessions currently being granted under the cap as detailed in note 5 "allowance for credit losses" to the consolidated financial statements, regions does not expect that the market interest rate condition will be widely achieved. therefore, regions expects consumer loans modified through cap to continue to be identified as tdrs for the remaining term of the loan.
table 19-analysis of changes in commercial and investor real estate tdrs
2021                                                                                                                                                    2020
commercial                   investor                 commercial                   investor real estate                                           real estate
(in millions)
balance, beginning of year                                       $201                        $44                       $245                        $33
additions                                                         115                         71                        252                         40
charge-offs                                                      (12)                          -                       (67)                          -
other activity, inclusive of payments and removals(1)           (136)                      (114)                      (229)                       (29)
balance, end of year                                             $168                         $1                       $201                        $44
_________
(1)the majority of this category consists of payments and sales. it also includes normal amortization/accretion of loan basis adjustments, loans transferred to held for sale, removals and reclassifications between portfolio segments. additionally, it includes $16 million of commercial loans and $41 million of investor real estate loans refinanced or restructured as new loans and removed from tdr classification during 2021. during 2020, $21 million of commercial loans and $12 million of investor real estate loans were refinanced or restructured as new loans and removed from tdr classification.
table of contents non-performing assets the following table presents non-performing assets as of december 31:
table 20-non-performing assets
2021                                                                                                                                                                      2020
(dollars in millions)
non-performing loans:
commercial and industrial                                                                                                              $305                          $418
commercial real estate mortgage-owner-occupied                                                                                           52                            97
commercial real estate construction-owner-occupied                                                                                       11                             9
total commercial                                                                                                                        368                           524
commercial investor real estate mortgage                                                                                                  3                           114
total investor real estate                                                                                                                3                           114
residential first mortgage                                                                                                               33                            53
home equity lines                                                                                                                        40                            46
home equity loans                                                                                                                         7                             8
total consumer                                                                                                                           80                           107
total non-performing loans, excluding loans held for sale                                                                               451                           745
non-performing loans held for sale                                                                                                       13                             6
total non-performing loans(1)                                                                                                           464                           751
foreclosed properties                                                                                                                    10                            25
total non-performing assets(1)                                                                                                         $474                          $776
accruing loans 90 days past due:
commercial and industrial                                                                                                                $5                            $7
commercial real estate mortgage-owner-occupied                                                                                            1                             1
total commercial                                                                                                                          6                             8
residential first mortgage(2)                                                                                                            74                            99
home equity lines                                                                                                                        21                            19
home equity loans                                                                                                                        12                            13
consumer credit card                                                                                                                     12                            14
other consumer-exit portfolios                                                                                                            2                             4
other consumer                                                                                                                           13                             7
total consumer                                                                                                                          134                           156
$140                          $164
non-performing loans(1) to loans and non-performing loans held for sale                                                                0.53    %                     0.88    %
non-performing assets(1) to loans, foreclosed properties, non-marketable investments, and non-performing loans held for sale           0.54    %                     0.91    %
_________
(1)excludes accruing loans 90 days past due.
(2)excludes residential first mortgage loans that are 100% guaranteed by the fha and all guaranteed loans sold to the gnma where regions has the right but not the obligation to repurchase. total 90 days or more past due guaranteed loans excluded were $49 million at december 31, 2021 and $57 million at december 31, 2020.
non-performing loans decreased during 2021 primarily driven by improvements in retail, energy, restaurant, accommodation, and lodging, as well as, administrative, support,and waste repair.
economic trends such as interest rates, unemployment, inflation, volatility in commodity prices, and collateral valuations will impact the future level of non-performing assets. circumstances related to individually large credits could also result in volatility.
table of contents the following table provides an analysis of non-accrual loans (excluding loans held for sale) by portfolio segment:
table 21- analysis of non-accrual loans non-accrual loans, excluding loans held for sale for the year ended december 31, 2021
commercial                                  investor                        consumer(1)                                            total real estate
(in millions)
balance at beginning of year                     $524                                      $114                               $107                                             $745
additions                                         417          4                                         3                                         424
net payments/other activity                     (291)                                       (1)                               (30)                                            (322)
return to accrual                               (141)                                       (1)                               -                                               (142)
charge-offs on non-accrual loans(2)             (114)                                      (19)                               -                                               (133)
transfers to held for sale(3)                    (25)                                      (94)                               -                                               (119)
transfers to real estate owned                    (2)                                         -                               -                                                 (2)
balance at end of year                           $368                                        $3                               $80                                              $451
non-accrual loans, excluding loans held for sale for the year ended december 31, 2020
commercial                        investor                                  consumer(1)                                            total real estate
(in millions)
balance at beginning of year                     $431                               $2                                        $74                                              $507
additions                                         797          121                                       35                                        953
net payments/other activity                     (261)                               (8)                                       (2)                                             (271)
return to accrual                                (85)                               -                                         -                                                (85)
charge-offs on non-accrual loans(2)             (321)                               -                                         -                                               (321)
transfers to held for sale(3)                    (19)                               (1)                                       -                                                (20)
transfers to real estate owned                    (4)                               -                                         -                                                 (4)
sales                                            (14)                               -                                         -                                                (14)
balance at end of year                           $524                               $114                                      $107                                             $745
________
(1)all net activity within the consumer portfolio segment other than sales and transfers to held for sale (including related charge-offs) is included as a single net number within the net payments/other activity line.
(2)includes charge-offs on loans on non-accrual status and charge-offs taken upon sale and transfer of non-accrual loans to held for sale.
(3)transfers to held for sale are shown net of charge-offs of $7 million recorded upon transfer for both years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
goodwill goodwill totaled $5.7 billion at december 31, 2021 and $5.2 billion at december 31, 2020. refer to the "critical accounting policies" section earlier in this report for detailed discussions of the company's methodology for testing goodwill for impairment. refer to note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" and note 9 "intangible assets" to the consolidated financial statements for the methodologies and assumptions used in the goodwill impairment analysis. additionally, see the "enerbank" and "sabal" sections for details on goodwill recorded as a result of these acquisitions.
deposits regions competes with other banking and financial services companies for a share of the deposit market. regions' ability to compete in the deposit market depends heavily on the pricing of its deposits and how effectively the company meets customers' needs. regions employs various means to meet those needs and enhance competitiveness, such as providing a high level of customer service, competitive pricing and convenient branch locations and hours for its customers. regions also serves customers through providing centralized, high-quality banking services and the company's digital channels and contact center.
deposits are regions' primary source of funds, providing funding for 94 percent of average earning assets in 2021 and 90 percent of average earning assets in 2020. table 22 "deposits" details year-over-year deposit balance growth on a period-ending basis. total deposits at december 31, 2021 increased approximately $16.6 billion compared to year-end 2020 levels across all categories.
deposit costs decreased to 5 basis points for 2021, compared to 16 basis points for 2020. the rate paid on interest-bearing deposits decreased to 9 basis points in 2021 compared to 27 basis points for 2020. the decrease in the rate paid on interest-bearing deposits during 2021 is largely due to the continued decline of short-term interest rates. low deposit costs are driven primarily by the composition of the company's deposit base, which includes a significant amount of low-cost and relatively small account balance consumer deposits. the deposit base composition is a key component of the company's franchise value.
table of contents the following table summarizes deposits by category as of december 31:
table 22-deposits
2021                                                                            2020
(in millions)
non-interest-bearing demand                $58,369                       $51,289
interest-bearing checking                   28,018                        24,484
savings                                     15,134                        11,635
money market-domestic                       31,408                        29,719
time deposits                                6,143                         5,341
corporate treasury time deposits                 -                            11
$139,072                      $122,479
non-interest-bearing demand deposits increased $7.1 billion to $58.4 billion at year-end 2021 due primarily to pandemic-related deposit inflows which impacted customer liquidity levels resulting in increased consumer customer deposit balances combined with new account growth. to a lesser degree, growth in non-interest-bearing demand deposits is due to an increase in deposits from business customers who continued to retain excess liquidity. non-interest-bearing demand deposits accounted for approximately 42 percent of total deposits for both 2021 and 2020.
interest-bearing checking deposits increased $3.5 billion to $28.0 billion and accounted for approximately 20 percent of total deposits for both 2021 and 2020. savings accounts increased $3.5 billion to $15.1 billion at year-end 2021 and accounted for 11 percent of total deposits at year-end 2021 compared to 9 percent at year-end 2020. money market accounts increased $1.7 billion to $31.4 billion at year-end 2021 and accounted for approximately 23 percent of total deposits at year-end 2021 compared to 24 percent at year-end 2020. as discussed above, the increase in interest-bearing checking, savings, and money market balances is due to continued excess liquidity as a result of the pandemic combined with new account growth.
included in time deposits are certificates of deposit and individual retirement accounts. time deposits increased $802 million to $6.1 billion at year-end 2021. in connection with the enerbank acquisition, the company acquired $2.8 billion of deposits including an immaterial deposit premium associated with the purchase, the majority of which were time deposits. see the "enerbank acquisition" section for more information. the increase associated with enerbank was partially offset by maturities in the existing portfolio and continued under-utilization of time deposit accounts due to continued lower interest rates in 2021. time deposits accounted for 4 percent of total deposits in both 2021 and 2020.
the amount of estimated uninsured deposits at december 31, 2021 and 2020, totaled $56.2 billion and $50.6 billion, respectively. the estimate of uninsured deposits was based upon methodologies used in the company's call report. time deposit accounts with balances of $250,000 or more totaled $571 million and $696 million at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the following table shows scheduled maturities of estimated uninsured time deposits as of december 31, 2021:
table 23-maturity of uninsured time deposits
2021
(in millions)
uninsured time deposits, maturing in:
3 months or less                                    $124
over 3 through 6 months                              109
over 6 through 12 months                             108
over 12 months                                       145
$486
borrowed funds total long-term borrowings decreased approximately $1.2 billion to $2.4 billion at december 31, 2021. throughout 2021, regions redeemed four classes of senior notes totaling $1.6 billion in their entirety. in 2021, regions also redeemed $97 million in note securitizations. the issuance of $650 million of parent senior notes due 2028 was a partial offset to the redemptions.
see note 11 "borrowed funds" to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of both short-term and long-term borrowings.
table of contents ratings table 24 "credit ratings" reflects the debt ratings information of regions financial corporation and regions bank by standard and poor's ("s&p"), moody's, fitch and dominion bond rating service morningstar ("dbrs") as of december 31, 2021.
table 24-credit ratings as of december 31, 2021
s&amp;p        moody's        fitch          dbrs regions financial corporation senior unsecured debt               bbb+           baa2(1)        bbb+           al subordinated debt                   bbb            baa2(1)        bbb            bbbh regions bank short-term                          a-2            p-1            f1             r-il long-term bank deposits             n/a            a2(1)          a-             a senior unsecured debt               a-             baa2(1)        bbb+           a subordinated debt                   bbb+           baa2(1)        bbb            al outlook                             stable         u/r            positive       positive
_________
n/a - not applicable.
u/r - outlook changed from stable to under review.
(1) indicates rating was under review for upgrade as of december 31, 2021. the ratings were subsequently upgraded in february of 2022.
on july 13, 2021, fitch upgraded regions' outlook from stable to positive citing improved credit quality and returns relative to peers. on november 22, 2021, dbrs upgraded regions' outlook from stable to positive based on the company's diversified and strong franchise and balance sheet. on november 23, 2021, moody's placed select ratings and the outlook for regions and regions bank on review for upgrade. additionally, moody's changed the outlook for regions and regions bank from stable to under review.
subsequent to year-end, moody's upgraded the senior unsecured and subordinated debt ratings of regions financial corporation to baa1 from baa2 and changed the outlook to stable from under review. additionally, regions bank's senior unsecured and subordinated debt ratings were upgraded to baa1 from baa2, and its long-term bank deposits rating was upgraded to a1 from a2. the upgrades reflect both the company's improved core profitability and asset risk profile, as well as the strength of the company's funding and liquidity position.
in general, ratings agencies base their ratings on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix, probability of government support, and level and quality of earnings. any downgrade in credit ratings by one or more ratings agencies may impact regions in several ways, including, but not limited to, regions' access to the capital markets or short-term funding, borrowing cost and capacity, collateral requirements, and acceptability of its letters of credit, thereby potentially adversely impacting regions' financial condition and liquidity. see the "risk factors" section of this annual report on form 10-k for more information.
a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and the ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. additional information on the credit rating ranking within the overall classification system is located on the website of each credit rating agency.
shareholders' equity shareholders' equity was $18.3 billion at december 31, 2021 as compared to $18.1 billion at december 31, 2020. during 2021, net income increased shareholders' equity by $2.5 billion, cash dividends on common stock and cash dividends on preferred stock reduced shareholders' equity by $620 million and $108 million, respectively. changes in aoci decreased shareholders' equity by $1.0 billion, primarily due to the net change in unrealized gains (losses) on securities available for sale and derivative instruments as a result of changes in market interest rates during 2021. the derivative instruments are hedges designed to protect net interest income in a low short-term interest rate environment, such as the one that currently exists. during the second quarter of 2021, the company issued series e preferred stock, which increased shareholders' equity by $390 million. during the second quarter of 2021, the company also redeemed all of the outstanding shares of its series a preferred stock, which decreased shareholders' equity by $500 million. common stock repurchased during 2021 reduced shareholders' equity $467 million. these shares were immediately retired and therefore are not included in treasury stock.
see note 14 "shareholders' equity and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
table of contents regulatory requirements capital rules regions and regions bank are required to comply with regulatory capital requirements established by federal and state banking agencies. these regulatory capital requirements involve quantitative measures of the company's assets, liabilities and selected off-balance sheet items, and also qualitative judgments by the regulators. failure to meet minimum capital requirements can subject the company to a series of increasingly restrictive regulatory actions. under the basel iii rules, regions is designated as a standardized approach bank. regions is a "category iv" institution under the frb's rules for tailoring enhanced prudential standards.
in the third quarter of 2020, the federal banking agencies finalized a rule related to the impact of cecl on regulatory capital requirements. the rule allows an addback to regulatory capital for the impacts of cecl for a two-year period. at the end of the two years, the impact is then phased-in over the following three years. the addback is calculated as the impact of initial adoption, adjusted for 25 percent of subsequent changes in the allowance. at december 31, 2021, the impact of the addback on cet1 was approximately $408 million or approximately 36 basis points. the phase-in will be approximately $100 million per year beginning in the first quarter of 2022. assuming the same level of risk-weighted assets as of december 31, 2021, the phase-in will lower the cet1 ratio by approximately 10 basis points per year.
during the third quarter of 2020, and in connection with the results of its supervisory stress test released in june 2020, the federal reserve finalized regions' scb requirement for the fourth quarter of 2020 through the third quarter of 2021 at 3.0 percent. the 3.0 percent requirement represented the amount of capital degradation under the supervisory severely adverse scenario, inclusive of four quarters of planned common stock dividends. in the second quarter of 2021, regions received the results of the company's voluntary participation in 2021 ccar. the frb communicated that the company exceeded all minimum capital levels under the supervisory stress test and the company's scb for the fourth quarter of 2021 through the third quarter of 2022 is floored at 2.5 percent.
see the "executive overview" section for details on expectations of a range for cet1 during 2022.
additional discussion of the basel iii rules, their applicability to regions, recent proposals and final rules issued by the federal banking agencies and recent laws enacted that impact regulatory requirements is included in the "supervision and regulation" subsection of the "business" section. additional discussion and a tabular presentation of the applicable holding company and bank regulatory capital requirements.is included in note 12 "regulatory capital requirements and restrictions" to the consolidated financial statements. discussion of the final rule to provide relief for the initial capital decrease at adoption of cecl is included in the "risk factors" section.
liquidity regions maintains a robust liquidity management framework designed to effectively manage liquidity risk in accordance with sound risk management principals and regulatory expectations. the framework establishes sustainable processes and tools to effectively identify, measure, mitigate, monitor, and report liquidity risks beginning with regions' liquidity management policy and the liquidity risk appetite statements approved by the board. processes within the liquidity management framework include, but are not limited to, liquidity risk governance, cash management, liquidity stress testing, liquidity risk limits, contingency funding plans, and collateral management. while the framework is designed to comply with liquidity regulations, the processes are further tailored to be commensurate with regions' operating model and risk profile.
see the "supervision and regulation-liquidity regulation" subsection of the "business" section, the "risk factors" section and the "liquidity" section for more information.
risk management regions is exposed to various risks as part of the normal course of operations. the exposure to risk requires sound risk management practices that comprise an integrated and comprehensive set of programs and processes that apply to the entire company. accordingly, regions has established a risk management framework to manage risks and provide reasonable assurance of the achievement of the company's strategic objectives.
the primary risk exposures identified and managed through the company's risk management framework are market risk, liquidity risk, credit risk, operational risk, legal risk, compliance risk, reputational risk and strategic risk.
•market risk is the risk to the company's financial condition resulting from adverse movements in market rates or prices, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates or equity prices.
•liquidity risk is the potential that the company will be unable to meet its obligations as they come due because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding (referred to as "funding liquidity risk") or the potential that the company cannot easily unwind or offset specific exposures without significantly lowering market prices because of inadequate market depth or market disruptions (referred to as "market liquidity risk").
•credit risk is the risk that arises from the potential that a borrower or counterparty will fail to perform on an obligation.

•operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, and systems or from external events.
•legal risk is defined as the risk associated with the failure to meet regions' legal obligations from legislative, regulatory, or contractual perspectives.
•compliance risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from violations of laws, rules, or regulations, or from non-conformance with prescribed practices, internal policies and procedures, or ethical standards.
•reputational risk is the potential that negative publicity regarding the company's business practices, whether true or not, will cause a decline in the customer base, costly litigation, or revenue reductions.
•strategic risk is the risk to current or projected financial condition and resilience from adverse business decisions, poor implementation of business decisions, or lack of responsiveness to changes in the banking industry and operating environment.
several of these primary risk exposures are expanded upon further within the remaining sections of management's discussion and analysis.
regions' risk management framework outlines the company's approach for managing risk that includes the following four components:
•collaborative risk culture - a strong, collaborative risk culture is fundamental to the company's core values and operating principles. it ensures focus on risk in all activities and encourages the necessary mindset and behavior to enable effective risk management and promote sound risk-taking within the bounds of the company's risk appetite. the company's risk culture requires that risks be promptly identified, escalated, and challenged; thereby, benefiting the overall performance of the company. sustaining a collaborative risk culture is critical to the company's success and is a clear expectation of executive management and the board.
•sound risk appetite - the company's risk appetite statements define the types and levels of risk the company is willing to take to achieve its objectives.
•sustainable risk processes - effective risk management requires sustainable processes and tools to effectively identify, measure, mitigate, monitor, and report risk.
•responsible risk governance - governance serves as the foundation for comprehensive management of risks facing the company. it outlines clear responsibility and accountability for managing, monitoring, escalating, and reporting both existing and emerging risks.
clearly defined roles and responsibilities are critical to the effective management of risk and are central to the four components of the company's approach to risk management. regions utilizes the three lines of defense concept to clearly designate risk management activities within the company.
•1st line of defense activities provide for the identification, acceptance and ownership of risks.
•2nd line of defense activities provide for objective oversight of the company's risk-taking activities and assessment of the company's aggregate risk levels.
•3rd line of defense activities provide for independent reviews and assessments of risk management practices across the company.
the board provides the highest level of risk management governance. the principal risk management functions of the board are to oversee processes for evaluating the adequacy of internal controls, risk management, financial reporting and compliance with laws and regulations. the board has designated an audit committee of outside directors to focus on oversight of management's establishment and maintenance of appropriate disclosure controls and procedures over financial reporting. see the "financial disclosures and internal controls" section of management's discussion and analysis for additional information. the board has also designated a risk committee of outside directors to focus on regions' overall risk profile. the risk committee annually approves an enterprise risk appetite statement that reflects core business principles and strategic vision by including quantitative limits and qualitative statements that are organized by risk type. this statement is designed to be a high-level document that sets the tone for the board's risk appetite, which is the maximum amount of risk the company is willing to accept in pursuit of its business objectives. by establishing boundaries around risk taking and business decisions, and by incorporating the needs and goals of its shareholders, regulators, customers and other stakeholders, the company's risk appetite is aligned with its strategic priorities and goals.
the risk management group, led by the company's chief risk officer, ensures the consistent application of regions' risk management approach within the structure of the company's operating, capital and strategic plans. the primary activities of the risk management group include:
•interpreting internal and external signals that point to possible risk issues for the company;

•identifying risks and determining which company areas and/or products will be affected;
•ensuring there are mechanisms in place to specifically determine how risks will affect the company as a whole and the individual area and or product;
•assisting business groups in analyzing trends and ensuring company areas have appropriate risk identification and mitigation processes in place; and
•reviewing the limits, parameters, policies, and procedures in place to ensure the continued appropriateness of risk controls.
as part of its ongoing assessment process, the risk management group makes recommendations to management and the risk committee of the board regarding adjustments to these controls as conditions or risk tolerances change. in addition, the internal audit division provides an independent assessment of the company's internal control structure and related systems and processes.
management, with the assistance of the risk management group, follows a formal process for identifying, measuring and documenting key risks facing each business group and determining how those risks can be controlled or mitigated, as well as how the controls can be monitored to ensure they are effective. the risk committee receives reports from management to ensure operations are within the limits established by the enterprise risk appetite statement.
some of the more significant processes used by management to manage and control risks are described in the remainder of this report. external factors beyond management's control may result in losses despite the risk management group's efforts.
market risk-interest rate risk regions' primary market risk is interest rate risk. this includes uncertainty with respect to absolute interest rate levels as well as relative interest rate levels, which are impacted by both the shape and the slope of the various yield curves that affect the financial products and services that the company offers. to quantify this risk, regions measures the change in its net interest income in various interest rate scenarios compared to a base case scenario. net interest income sensitivity to market rate movements is a useful short-term indicator of regions' interest rate risk.
sensitivity measurement-financial simulation models are regions' primary tools used to measure interest rate exposure. using a wide range of sophisticated simulation techniques provides management with extensive information on the potential impact to net interest income caused by changes in interest rates. models are structured to simulate cash flows and accrual characteristics of regions' balance sheet. assumptions are made about the direction and volatility of interest rates, the slope of the yield curve, and the changing composition of the balance sheet that results from both strategic plans and from customer behavior. among the assumptions are expectations of balance sheet growth and composition, the pricing and maturity characteristics of existing business and the characteristics of future business. interest rate-related risks are expressly considered, such as pricing spreads, the pricing of deposit accounts, prepayments and other option risks. regions considers these factors, as well as the degree of certainty or uncertainty surrounding their future behavior.
the primary objective of asset/liability management at regions is to coordinate balance sheet composition with interest rate risk management to sustain reasonable and stable net interest income throughout various interest rate cycles. in computing interest rate sensitivity for measurement, regions compares a set of alternative interest rate scenarios to the results of a base case scenario derived using "market forward rates." the standard set of interest rate scenarios includes the traditional instantaneous parallel rate shifts of plus 100 and 200 basis points. given low market rates by historical standards, the company focuses on a falling rate shock scenario where all rates fall to levels consistent with historical 12-month average rate minimums. in addition to parallel curve shifts, multiple curve steepening and flattening scenarios are contemplated. regions includes simulations of gradual interest rate movements phased in over a six-month period that may more realistically mimic the speed of potential interest rate movements.
exposure to interest rate movements-as of december 31, 2021, regions was asset sensitive to both gradual and instantaneous parallel yield curve shifts as compared to the base case for the 12-month measurement horizon ending december 2022.
the fourth quarter of 2021 continued the trend of balance sheet growth in low-cost deposits and cash balances held with the federal reserve observed throughout 2021. retention of these balance sheet liquidity inflows is uncertain and some amount of the recent deposit growth may be more rate sensitive under a rising rate scenario. therefore, additional sensitivity analysis focused on pandemic-related "surge" deposit pricing behavior and retention is outlined in table 25.
the estimated exposure associated with the rising and falling rate scenarios in the table below reflects the combined impacts of movements in short-term and long-term interest rates. currently, net interest income is projected to benefit from rising short-term interest rates (i.e. asset sensitive profile). an increase or reduction in short-term interest rates (such as the fed funds rate, the rate of interest on excess reserves and 1 month libor) will drive the yield on assets and liabilities contractually tied to such rates higher or lower. under either environment, it is expected that changes in funding costs and table of contents balance sheet hedging income will only somewhat offset the change in asset yields. further, the 12-month interest rate sensitivity will increase throughout 2022 driven by receive fixed hedge maturities that begin in the third quarter of 2022. importantly, the potential to retain "surge" deposits with lower than expected repricing behavior represents an opportunity for further net interest income growth in the increasing rate scenario as well.
net interest income remains exposed to intermediate yield curve tenors. while this was a headwind to net interest income during the pandemic, it represents a tailwind to net interest income growth as the yield curve rises, or steepens. an increase in intermediate and long-term interest rates (such as intermediate to longer-term u.s. treasuries, swap and mortgage rates) will drive yields higher on certain fixed rate, newly originated or renewed loans, increase prospective yields on certain investment portfolio purchases, and reduce amortization of premium expense on existing securities in the investment portfolio. the opposite is true in an environment where intermediate and long-term interest rates fall. approximately 70% of fixed rate asset production is at the 5-year tenor point or shorter.
the interest rate sensitivity analysis presented below in table 25 is informed by a variety of assumptions and estimates regarding the progression of the balance sheet in both the baseline scenario as well as the scenarios of instantaneous and gradual shifts in the yield curve. though there are many assumptions which affect the estimates for net interest income, those pertaining to deposit pricing, deposit mix and overall balance sheet composition are particularly impactful. given the uncertainties associated with the prolonged period of low interest rates and industry liquidity, management evaluates the impact to its sensitivity analysis of these key assumptions. sensitivity calculations are hypothetical and should not be considered to be predictive of future results.
the company's baseline balance sheet assumptions include management's best estimate for balance sheet growth in the coming 12 months. however, the behavior of pandemic-related "surge" deposits under a rising rate scenario is uncertain. since year-end 2019, the last period-end free from the effects of covid-19, deposit balances have increased by approximately $39 billion, exclusive of deposits acquired in the enerbank acquisition, and approximately $25 billion of the increase was determined to be attributable to pandemic-related surge deposits. therefore, table 25 includes two balance sheet scenarios to help inform a potential range of outcomes. the first is an opportunity scenario, and assumes that these deposits behave more like stable, legacy balances, which is consistent with historical disclosures. the second scenario assumes that these depositors will be more sensitive to rate, requiring a higher interest rate in order to hold their balances with the bank. for this scenario, the projected "surge" deposit balance is approximately $25 billion. these deposits, including non-interest bearing products, are attributed with an approximate 70% repricing beta in rising rate scenarios. importantly, the impact to net interest income under a changing rate environment is the same whether the "surge" deposit balances are held at a higher beta or the balances attrite and the funding is replaced with wholesale sources. given the evolving nature of the environment, estimates have been conservatively derived. should the balances remain with the company longer or demonstrate less sensitivity to interest rates, there is potential for upside (e.g. the opportunity scenario). the disclosure in table 25 does not prescribe a view as to the longevity of surge deposits on the balance sheet.
the behavior of deposit pricing in response to changes in interest rate levels is largely informed by analyses of prior rate cycles. in the base case scenario and falling rate scenarios in table 25, interest-bearing deposit rates remain in the single digits. the deposit beta model is dynamic across both interest rate level and time. currently, the scenario one gradual +100 basis point shock outlined in the table below includes an approximate 20% to 25% interest-bearing deposit beta for legacy deposits. again, the "surge" deposit interest-bearing deposit beta is bookended in each scenario, assuming legacy betas and a 75% beta, respectively. deposit pricing outperformance or underperformance of 5% in that scenario would increase or decrease net interest income by approximately $31 million, respectively.
in rising rate scenarios only, management assumes that the mix of legacy deposits will change versus the base case as informed by analyses of prior rate cycles. management assumes that in rising rate scenarios, some shift from non-interest bearing to interest-bearing products will occur. the magnitude of the shift is rate dependent and equates to approximately $3 billion over 12 months in the gradual +100 basis point scenario in table 25.
the table below summarizes regions' positioning over the next 12 months in various parallel yield curve shifts (i.e., including all yield curve tenors). the scenarios are inclusive of all interest rate hedging activities. more information regarding hedges is disclosed in table 26 and its accompanying description. importantly, outstanding receive-fixed cash flow hedges begin to mature in september 2022. the hedge maturity profile will begin to add asset sensitivity at a time when markets currently expect the fomc to increase short-term interest rates.
table of contents table 25-interest rate sensitivity scenario one: estimated annual changein net interest incomedecember 31, 2021(1)(2)(3)                  scenario two: estimated annual change in net interest income december 31, 2021(1)(2)(4)
(in millions)
gradual change in interest rates
+ 200 basis points                                                                                  $482                                                                                                    $225
+ 100 basis points                                                                                   263                                                                                                     134
- 100 basis points (floored)(5)                                                                    (134)                                                                                                   (134)
instantaneous change in interest rates
+ 200 basis points                                                                                  $613                                                                                                    $297
+ 100 basis points                                                                                   350                                                                                                     192
- 100 basis points (floored)(5)                                                                    (154)                                                                                                   (154)
________
(1)disclosed interest rate sensitivity levels represent the 12-month forward looking net interest income changes as compared to market forward rate cases and include expected balance sheet growth and remixing.
(2)all cash flow hedges transacted are now fully reflected within the measurement horizon (see table 27 for additional information regarding hedge start and maturity dates).
(3)scenario assumes all deposits (including "surge" deposits) perform consistently with historical experiences.
(4)scenario accounts for uncertainty in "surge" deposit balances. assumes an approximate 70% beta on "surge" balances (approximately $25 billion projected "surge" deposit balance).
(5)the -100 basis point (floored) scenario represents a rate shock where all rates are floored at 12-month average historical lows.
regions has established scenarios by which yield curve tenors will fall to a consistent level. the shock magnitude for each tenor, when compared to market forward rates, equates to the lesser of the shock scenario amount, or a rate equal to the historical 12-month average minimum. for example, the 10 year treasury yield falls to 81 basis points. further, the scenarios presented do not allow for negative rates. the falling rate scenarios in table 25 above quantify the expected impact for both gradual and instantaneous shocks under this environment.
interest rate movements may also have an impact on the value of regions' securities portfolio, which can directly impact the carrying value of shareholders' equity. regions from time to time may hedge these price movements with derivatives (as discussed below).
derivatives-regions uses financial derivative instruments for management of interest rate sensitivity. alco, which consists of members of regions' senior management team, in its oversight role for the management of interest rate sensitivity, approves the use of derivatives in balance sheet hedging strategies. derivatives are also used to offset the risks associated with customer derivatives, which include interest rate, credit and foreign exchange risks. the most common derivatives regions employs are forward rate contracts, eurodollar futures contracts, interest rate swaps, options on interest rate swaps, interest rate caps and floors, and forward sale commitments.
forward rate contracts are commitments to buy or sell financial instruments at a future date at a specified price or yield. a eurodollar futures contract is a future on a eurodollar deposit. eurodollar futures contracts subject regions to market risk associated with changes in interest rates. because futures contracts are cash settled daily, there is minimal credit risk associated with eurodollar futures. interest rate swaps are contractual agreements typically entered into to exchange fixed for variable (or vice versa) streams of interest payments. the notional principal is not exchanged but is used as a reference for the size of interest settlements. interest rate options are contracts that allow the buyer to purchase or sell a financial instrument at a predetermined price and time. forward sale commitments are contractual obligations to sell market instruments at a future date for an already agreed-upon price. foreign currency contracts involve the exchange of one currency for another on a specified date and at a specified rate. these contracts are executed on behalf of the company's customers and are used by customers to manage fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. the company is subject to the credit risk that another party will fail to perform.
regions has made use of interest rate swaps and floors in balance sheet hedging strategies to effectively convert a portion of its fixed-rate funding position to a variable-rate position, to effectively convert a portion of its fixed-rate debt securities available for sale portfolio to a variable-rate position, and to effectively convert a portion of its variable-rate loan portfolios to fixed-rate. regions also uses derivatives to economically manage interest rate and pricing risk associated with its mortgage origination business. in the period of time that elapses between the origination and sale of mortgage loans, changes in interest rates have the potential to cause a decline in the value of the loans in this held-for-sale portfolio. futures contracts and forward sale commitments are used to protect the value of the loan pipeline and loans held for sale from changes in interest rates and pricing.
table of contents the following table presents additional information about hedging interest rate derivatives used by regions to manage interest rate risk:
table 26-hedging derivatives by interest rate risk management strategy december 31, 2021
notional                                       weighted-average (1)
amount maturity (years)                    receive rate                         pay rate
(dollars in millions)
derivatives in fair value hedging relationships:
receive variable/pay fixed - debt securities available for sale            $6,500                                                                    1.0                                              0.8    %            0.8   %
receive fixed/pay variable - borrowed funds                                 1,400                                                                    4.8                                              0.6                 0.1
derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships:
receive fixed/pay variable - floating-rate loans                           20,650                                                                    1.8                                              0.8                 0.1
total derivatives designated as hedging instruments                       $28,550
_________
(1)variable rate indexes on hedge contracts reference a combination of short-term libor benchmarks, primarily 1 month libor.
during the fourth quarter of 2021, $6.5 billion of forward-starting, receive variable/pay fixed fair value hedges of debt securities available for sale were executed. these forward-starting fair value hedges begin in september 2022 and mature in december 2022 which adds interest rate exposure at the end of the third quarter of 2022. also in the fourth quarter of 2021, the company replaced $3.5 billion in interest rate floor cash flow hedge notional with similar maturity receive fixed/pay variable cash flow hedge notional. additionally, $2.5 billion in receive fixed/pay variable cash flow hedge notional was terminated and replaced to shorten a portion of future hedge exposure and $150 million in receive fixed/pay variable cash flow hedge notional was added in lieu of securities portfolio reinvestment.
the following table presents the average asset hedge notional amounts that are active during each of the quarterly periods in 2022 and later annual periods. in the fourth quarter of 2022, $9.4 billion in receive fixed/pay variable swaps will mature, of which $2.0 billion mature on october 1, 2022, and all asset hedge notional amounts mature prior to the end of 2025.
table 27-schedule of average notional for asset hedging derivatives average active notional amount quarters ended (1)                                                                                          years ended
3/31/2022                  6/30/2022                        9/30/2022                 12/31/2022                    2023   2024                    2025
(in millions)
asset hedging relationships:
receive fixed/pay variable swaps             $20,533                    $20,650                      $20,650                    $16,988                  $9,345                  $6,484                  $1,445
receive variable/pay fixed swaps             -                          -                              1,060                      5,299                  -                       -                       -
net receive fixed/pay variable swaps         $20,533                    $20,650                      $19,590                    $11,689                  $9,345                  $6,484                  $1,445
_________
(1)all cash flow hedges are reflected within the 12-month measurement horizon and included in income sensitivity levels as disclosed in table 25.
regions manages the credit risk of these instruments in much the same way as it manages credit risk of the loan portfolios by establishing credit limits for each counterparty and through collateral agreements for dealer transactions. for non-dealer transactions, the need for collateral is evaluated on an individual transaction basis and is primarily dependent on the financial strength of the counterparty. credit risk is also reduced significantly by entering into legally enforceable master netting agreements. when there is more than one transaction with a counterparty and there is a legally enforceable master netting agreement in place, the exposure represents the net of the gain and loss positions with and collateral received from and/or posted to that counterparty. all hedging interest rate swap derivatives traded by regions are subject to mandatory clearing. the counterparty risk for cleared trades effectively moves from the executing broker to the clearinghouse allowing regions to benefit from the risk mitigation controls in place at the respective clearinghouse. the "credit risk" section in this report contains more information on the management of credit risk.
regions also uses derivatives to meet the needs of its customers. interest rate swaps, interest rate options and foreign exchange forwards are the most common derivatives sold to customers. other derivative instruments with similar characteristics table of contents are used to hedge market risk and minimize volatility associated with this portfolio. instruments used to service customers are held in the trading account, with changes in value recorded in the consolidated statements of income.
the primary objective of regions' hedging strategies is to mitigate the impact of interest rate changes, from an economic perspective, on net interest income and other financing income and the net present value of its balance sheet. the overall effectiveness of these hedging strategies is subject to market conditions, the quality of regions' execution, the accuracy of its valuation assumptions, counterparty credit risk and changes in interest rates.
see note 20 "derivative financial instruments and hedging activities" to the consolidated financial statements for a tabular summary of regions' year-end derivatives positions and further discussion.
regions accounts for residential msrs at fair market value with any changes to fair value being recorded within mortgage income. regions enters into derivative transactions to economically mitigate the impact of market value fluctuations related to residential msrs. derivative instruments entered into in the future could be materially different from the current risk profile of regions' current portfolio.
libor transition on march 5, 2021, the fca announced that libor will not be available for use after december 31, 2021. further, existing contracts referencing 1-week or 2-month usd libor settings must be remediated no later than december 31, 2021. regions successfully remediated contracts referencing 1-week or 2-month usd libor prior to december 31, 2021. additionally, regions ceased origination of all new libor-based lending prior to december 31, 2021. existing contracts referencing all other usd libor settings must be remediated no later than june 30, 2023. regions holds instruments that may be impacted by the discontinuance of libor, including loans, investments, derivative products, floating-rate obligations, and other financial instruments that use libor as a benchmark rate. however, regions' libor exposure is primarily in settings other than 1-week or 2-month usd libor. the company has established a libor transition program, which includes dedicated leadership and staff, with all relevant business lines and support groups engaged. as part of this program, the company continues to identify, assess, and monitor risks associated with the discontinuation of libor. steps to mitigate risks associated with the transition are being overseen by regions' executive libor steering committee. regions is following industry efforts to develop alternative reference rates and is operationally ready to offer new benchmarks as they are adopted by regulatory agencies and industry groups.
regions has taken proactive steps to facilitate the transition on behalf of customers, which include:
•the adoption and ongoing implementation of fallback provisions that provide for the determination of replacement rates for libor-linked financial products.
•the adoption of new products linked to alternative reference rates, such as adjustable-rate mortgages, consistent with guidance provided by the u.s. regulators, arrc, and gses.
•the discontinuation of libor-based commercial lending prior to december 31, 2021, consistent with regulatory guidelines. the company has already made preparations to provide multiple alternative rates based on market competition and demand. regions has participated in, evaluated, or made preparations to lend with a number of other indexes, including sofr, bsby, and ameribor.
regions continues to evaluate its financial and operational infrastructure in its effort to transition all financial and strategic processes, systems, and models to reference rates other than libor. regions has also implemented processes to educate all client-facing associates and coordinate communications with customers regarding the transition.
as of december 31, 2021, regions had approximately $34.2 billion of total outstanding commercial and investor real estate loans and approximately $930 million of total consumer loans that reference libor. regions also has securities within its investment portfolio of $317 million that reference libor. furthermore, as of december 31, 2021. regions' series b and c preferred stock had total carrying values of $433 million and $490 million, respectively and reference libor when their dividend rate begins to float after 2023.
in the third quarter of 2020, regions adopted temporary accounting relief for affected transactions that reference libor. see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements for details.
market risk-prepayment risk regions, like most financial institutions, is subject to changing prepayment speeds on mortgage-related assets under different interest rate environments. prepayment risk is a significant risk to earnings and specifically to net interest income. for example, mortgage loans and other financial assets may be prepaid by a borrower, so that the borrower may refinance its obligations at lower rates. as loans and other financial assets prepay in a falling rate environment, regions must reinvest these funds in lower-yielding assets. prepayments of assets carrying higher rates reduce regions' interest income and overall asset yields. conversely, in a rising rate environment, these assets will prepay at a slower rate, resulting in opportunity cost by not having the cash flow to reinvest at higher rates. prepayment risk can also impact the value of securities and the carrying value table of contents of equity. regions' greatest exposures to prepayment risks primarily rest in its mortgage-backed securities portfolio, the mortgage fixed-rate loan portfolio and the residential msr, all of which tend to be sensitive to interest rate movements. each of these assets is also exposed to prepayment risk due to factors which are not necessarily the result of interest rates, but rather due to changes in policies or programs related, either directly or indirectly, to the u.s. government's governance over certain lending and financing within the mortgage market. such policies can work to either encourage or discourage financing dynamics and represent a risk that is extremely difficult to forecast and may be the result of non-economic factors. the company attempts to monitor and manage such exposures within reasonable expectations while acknowledging all such risks cannot be foreseen or avoided. further, regions has prepayment risk that would be reflected in non-interest income in the form of servicing income on the residential msrs. regions actively monitors prepayment exposure as part of its overall net interest income forecasting and interest rate risk management.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity is an important factor in the financial condition of regions and affects regions' ability to meet the needs of the company and its customers. regions' goal in liquidity management is to maintain liquidity sources and reserves sufficient to satisfy the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers, under normal and stressed conditions. accordingly, regions maintains a variety of liquidity sources to fund its obligations, as further described below. furthermore, regions performs specific procedures, including scenario analyses and stress testing to evaluate and maintain appropriate levels of available liquidity in alignment with liquidity risk.
regions' operation of its business provides a generally balanced liquidity base which is comprised of customer assets, consisting principally of loans, and funding provided by customer deposits and borrowed funds. maturities in the loan portfolio provide a steady flow of funds, and are supplemented by regions' relatively steady deposit base. see note 4 "loans", note 10 "deposits", and note 11 "borrowed funds" to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
the securities portfolio also serves as a primary source and storehouse of liquidity. proceeds from maturities and principal and interest payments of securities provide a continual flow of funds available for cash needs (see note 3 "debt securities" to the consolidated financial statements). furthermore, the highly liquid nature of the portfolio (for example, the agency guaranteed mbs portfolio) can be readily used as a source of cash through various secured borrowing arrangements. cash reserves, liquid assets and secured borrowing capabilities (including borrowing capacity at the fhlb, as discussed below) aid in the management of liquidity in normal and stressed conditions, and/or meeting the need of contingent events such as obligations related to potential litigation (see note 23 "commitments, contingencies and guarantees" to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of the company's funding requirements.) liquidity needs can also be met by borrowing funds in national money markets, though regions does maintain limits on short-term unsecured funding due to the volatility that can affect such markets.
the balance with the frb is the primary component of the balance sheet line item, "interest-bearing deposits in other banks." at december 31, 2021, regions had approximately $28.1 billion in cash on deposit with the frb and other depository institutions, an increase from approximately $16.4 billion at december 31, 2020, due to the significant increase in deposits associated with government programs offered in relation to covid-19. the average balance held with the frb was approximately $22.8 billion and $7.7 billion during 2021 and 2020, respectively. refer to the "cash and cash equivalents" section for more information.
regions' borrowing availability with the frb as of december 31, 2021, based on assets pledged as collateral on that date, was $13.3 billion.
regions' financing arrangement with the fhlb adds additional flexibility in managing the company's liquidity position. as of december 31, 2021, regions had no fhlb borrowings and its total borrowing capacity from the fhlb totaled approximately $16.2 billion. fhlb borrowing capacity is contingent on the amount of collateral pledged to the fhlb. regions bank pledged certain eligible securities and loans as collateral for the outstanding fhlb advances. additionally, investment in fhlb stock is required in relation to the level of outstanding borrowings. the fhlb has been and is expected to continue to be a reliable and economical source of funding. refer to note 7 "other earning assets" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regions maintains a shelf registration statement with the sec that can be utilized by regions to issue various debt and/or equity securities. additionally, regions' board has authorized regions bank to issue up to $10 billion in aggregate principal amount of bank notes outstanding at any one time. refer to note 11 "borrowed funds" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regions may, from time to time, consider opportunistically retiring outstanding issued securities, including subordinated debt in privately negotiated or open market transactions for cash or common shares. regulatory approval would be required for retirement of some instruments. see note 14 "shareholders' equity and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
table of contents in addition to the liquidity sources and obligations discussed above, the company also has other contractual obligations, which include unused commitments to extend credit, property leases, employee benefit obligations, and commitments to fund low income housing tax partnerships. see note 23 "commitments, contingencies and guarantees", note 13 "leases", note 17 "employee benefit plans", and note 2 "variable interest entities" to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding these obligations.
regions' liquidity policy requires the holding company to maintain cash sufficient to cover the greater of (1) 18 months of debt service and other cash needs or (2) a minimum cash balance of $500 million. cash and cash equivalents at the holding company totaled $1.5 billion at december 31, 2021. overall liquidity risk limits are established by the board through its risk appetite statement and liquidity policy. the company's board, lroc and alco regularly review compliance with the established limits.
credit risk regions' objective regarding credit risk is to maintain a credit portfolio that provides for stable credit costs with acceptable volatility through an economic cycle. regions has various processes to manage credit risk as described below. in order to assess the risk profile of the loan portfolio, regions considers risk factors within the loan portfolio segments and classes, the current u.s. economic environment and that of its primary banking markets, as well as counterparty risk. see the "portfolio characteristics" section found earlier in this report for further information regarding the risk characteristics of each loan type. see further discussion of the current u.s. economic environment in the "economic environment in regions' banking markets" section and counterparty risk below.
management process credit risk is managed by maintaining a sound credit risk culture, throughout all lines of defense, which ensures that the levels and types of risk taken are aligned with regions' credit risk appetite. the credit quality of borrowers and counterparties has a significant impact on regions' earnings; however, the nature of the risk differs by each of the defined businesses which engage in multiple forms of commercial, investor real estate and consumer lending. regions categorizes the credit risks it faces by asset quality, counterparty exposure, and diversification levels which provides a structure to assess credit risk and guides credit decision-making. credit policies, another key component of regions' culture, are designed and adjusted, as needed, to promote sound credit risk management. these policies guide lending activities in a manner consistent with regions' strategy and provide a framework for achieving asset quality and earnings objectives.
effective credit risk management requires coordinated identification, measurement, mitigation, monitoring and reporting of credit risk exposure, credit quality, and emerging risk trends. accordingly, regions has implemented a credit risk governance structure that provides oversight from the board to the organizational units in order to maintain open channels of communication.
occasionally, borrowers and counterparties do not fulfill their obligations and regions must take steps to mitigate and manage losses. teams are in place to appropriately identify and manage nonperforming loans, collections, loan modifications, and loss mitigation efforts. regions maintains an allowance for credit losses that management considers adequate to absorb expected losses in the portfolio.
for a discussion of the process and methodology used to calculate the allowance for credit losses refer to the "critical accounting estimates and related policies" section found earlier in this report, note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" and note 5 "allowance for credit losses" to the consolidated financial statements. details regarding the allowance for credit losses, including an analysis of activity from the previous year's total, are included in table 16 "allowance for credit losses". also, refer to table 17 "allowance allocation" for details pertaining to management's allocation of the allowance to each loan category.
responsibility and accountability for effectively managing all risks, including credit risk, in the various business units lies with the first line of defense. risk management, in the second line of defense, oversees, assesses and effectively challenges the risk-taking activities of the first line of defense. finally, credit risk review provides ongoing oversight, as a third line of defense function, of the credit portfolios to ensure regions' activities, and controls, are appropriate for the size, complexity and risk profile of the company.
counterparty risk counterparty risk is the risk that the counterparty to a transaction or contract could be unable or unwilling to fulfill its contractual or legal obligations. exposure may be to a financial institution (such as a commercial bank, an insurance company, a broker dealer, etc.) or a corporate client.
regions has a centralized approach to approval, management, and monitoring of counterparty exposure. the counterparty risk management group is responsible for the independent credit risk management of financial institution counterparties and their affiliates. market risk management is responsible for the measurement and stress testing of counterparty exposures. the corporate and commercial credit groups are responsible for the independent credit risk table of contents management of client side counterparties.
financial institution exposure may result from a variety of transaction types generated in one or more departments of the company. aggregate exposure limits are established to manage the exposure generated by various areas of the company. counterparty client credit risk arises when regions sells a risk management product to hedge risks in the client's business. exposures to counterparties are aggregated across departments and regularly reported to senior management.
information security risk regions faces information security risks, such as evolving and adaptive cyber-attacks that are conducted regularly against financial institutions in attempts to compromise or disable information systems. such attempts have increased in recent years, and the trend is expected to continue for a number of reasons, including increases in technology-based products and services used by us and our customers, the growing use of mobile, cloud, and other emerging technologies, and the increasing sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, nation-states, activists and other external parties or fraud on the part of employees.
regions devotes significant financial and non-financial resources to identify and mitigate threats to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of its information systems. regions regularly assesses the threats and vulnerabilities to its environment so it can update and maintain its systems and controls to effectively mitigate these risks. layered security controls are designed to complement each other to protect customer information and transactions. regions regularly tests its control environment utilizing practices such as penetration testing and more targeted assessments to ensure its controls are working as expected. regions will continue to commit the resources necessary to mitigate these growing cyber risks, as well as continue to develop and enhance controls, processes and technology to respond to evolving disruptive technology and to protect its systems from attacks or unauthorized access. in addition, regions maintains a strong commitment to a comprehensive risk management program that includes due diligence and oversight of third-party relationships with vendors.
as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, regions has experienced a modest increase in cyber events, such as phishing attempts and malicious traffic from outside the u.s. however, the company's layered control environment has effectively detected and prevented any material impact related to these events.
regions' system of internal controls also incorporates an organization-wide protocol for the appropriate reporting and escalation of information security matters to management and the board, to ensure effective and efficient resolution and, if necessary, disclosure of any matters. the board is actively engaged in the oversight of regions' continuous efforts to reinforce and enhance its operational resilience and receives education to ensure that their oversight efforts accommodate for the ever-evolving information security threat landscape. the board monitors regions' information management risk policies and practices primarily through its risk committee, which oversees areas of operational risk such as information technology activities; risks associated with development, infrastructure, and cybersecurity; approval and oversight of internal and third-party information security risk assessments, strategies, policies and programs; and disaster recovery, business continuity, and incident response plans. additionally, the board's audit committee regularly reviews regions' cybersecurity practices, mainly by receiving reports on the cybersecurity management program prepared by the chief information security officer, risk management, and internal audit. the board annually reviews the information security program and, through its various committees, is briefed at least quarterly on information security matters.
regions participates in information sharing organizations such as fs-isac to gather and share information with peer banks and other financial institutions to better prepare and protect its information systems from attack. fs-isac is a nonprofit organization whose objective is to protect the financial services sector against cyber and physical threats and risk. it acts as a trusted third party that provides anonymity to allow members to submit threat, vulnerability and incident information in a non-attributable and trusted manner so information that would normally not be shared is instead made available to other members for the greater good of the membership. in addition to fs-isac, regions is a member of bits. bits serves the financial community and its members by providing industry best practices on a variety of security and fraud topics.
regions has contracts with vendors to provide denial of service mitigation. these vendors have also committed the necessary resources to support regions in the event of a cyber event. even though regions devotes significant resources to combat cyber security risks, there is no guarantee that these measures will provide absolute security. as an additional security measure, regions has engaged a computer forensics firm and an industry-leading consulting firm on retainer in case of a cyber event. regions has also developed and maintains robust business continuity and disaster recovery plans that it could implement in the event of a cyber event to mitigate the effects of any such event and minimize necessary recovery time. some of regions' financial risk exposure with respect to data breaches may be offset by applicable insurance.
even when regions successfully prevents cyber-attacks to its own network, the company may still incur losses that result from customers' account information being obtained through breaches of retailers' networks that enable customer transactions. the related fraud losses, as well as the costs of re-issuing new cards, may impact regions' financial results. in addition, regions also relies on some vendors to provide certain business infrastructure components, and although regions actively assesses and monitors the information security capabilities of these vendors, regions' reliance on them may also increase exposure to information security risk.
table of contents in the event of a cyber-attack or other data breach, regions may be required to incur significant expenses, including with respect to remediation costs, costs of implementing additional preventative measures, addressing any reputational harm and addressing any related regulatory inquiries or civil litigation arising from the event.
acquisitions ascentium on april 1, 2020, regions completed its acquisition of an equipment finance company ascentium capital, llc. the acquisition gives regions the ability to increase business loans and leases to small business customers using ascentium's tech-enabled same-day credit decision and funding capabilities.
as a result of the acquisition regions recorded approximately $2.4 billion of assets and assumed $1.9 billion of liabilities. of the total assets acquired, $1.9 billion were loans and leases that are included in regions' commercial and industrial loan portfolio. of the liabilities assumed, $1.8 billion were long-term borrowings. regions subsequently repaid a significant portion of the borrowings, which were extinguished as of december 31, 2021.
of the loans acquired, a portion were determined to be credit deteriorated on the date of purchase. purchased loans that have experienced a more than insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination are considered to be credit deteriorated. pcd loans are initially recorded at purchase price less the alll recognized at acquisition. subsequent credit loss activity is recorded within the provision for credit losses.
regions recorded pcd loans of $873 million as a result of the acquisition, which was reflective of a nominal discount. regions recorded an alll related to these loans of $60 million, which was included in the total acquired asset value as part of the acquisition. the non-credit discount related to ascentium's pcd loans and the fair value mark on non-pcd loans which were immaterial.
in conjunction with the acquisition, regions recognized goodwill of $348 million and other intangible assets. intangible assets, comprised of trademarks, customer lists and other intangibles, were immaterial. intangible assets will be amortized over the expected useful life of each recognized asset.
enerbank on october 1, 2021, regions completed its acquisition of home improvement lender enerbank. the acquisition of enerbank allows regions to provide customers with home improvement financing solutions using enerbank's loan programs and digital solutions to support a wide range of home improvement needs.
as a result of the acquisition, regions recorded approximately $3.3 billion of assets of which $3.1 billion were loans that are included in regions' other consumer loan portfolio. regions also assumed $2.8 billion of liabilities, consisting almost entirely of time deposits that the company expects will attrite over time. the premiums recorded related to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities were immaterial.
fair value estimates are considered preliminary as of december 31, 2021. fair value estimates, including loans, intangible assets and goodwill, are subject to change for up to one year after the acquisition date as additional information becomes available.
regions recorded pcd loans of $198 million as a result of the acquisition. regions recorded an immaterial alll related to these loans, which was included in the total acquired asset value as part of the acquisition.
in conjunction with the acquisition, regions recognized goodwill of $361 million and other intangible assets of $176 million. the other intangible assets were primarily comprised of customer relationship intangibles and will be amortized over the expected useful life of each recognized asset.
sabal on december 1, 2021, regions completed its acquisition of sabal, a financial services firm that leverages technology to facilitate off-balance-sheet lending in the small balance commercial real estate market.
as a result of the acquisition, regions recorded approximately $360 million of assets, which included loans held for sale totaling $82 million, as well as a commercial mortgage servicing asset and securities that were immaterial. regions also assumed $114 million of liabilities, consisting primarily of borrowings that were paid off following closing.
in conjunction with the acquisition, regions recognized goodwill of $146 million and other intangible assets that were immaterial.
fair value estimates are considered preliminary as of december 31, 2021. fair value estimates, including acquired assets and goodwill, are subject to change for up to one year after the acquisition date as additional information becomes available.
table of contents financial disclosure and internal controls regions maintains internal controls over financial reporting, which generally include those controls relating to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap. regions' process for evaluating internal controls over financial reporting starts with understanding the risks facing each of its functions and areas, how those risks are controlled or mitigated, and how management monitors those controls to ensure that they are in place and effective. these risks, control procedures and monitoring tools are documented in a standard format. this format not only documents the internal control structures over all significant accounts, but also places responsibility on management for establishing feedback mechanisms to ensure that controls are effective.
regions also has processes to ensure appropriate disclosure controls and procedures are maintained. these controls and procedures as defined by the sec are generally designed to ensure that financial and non-financial information required to be disclosed in reports filed with the sec is reported within the time periods specified in the sec's rules and forms, and that such information is communicated to management, including the ceo and cfo, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
regions' disclosure review committee, which includes representatives from the legal, tax, finance, risk management, accounting, investor relations, and treasury departments, meets quarterly to review recent internal and external events to determine whether all appropriate disclosures have been made in reports filed with the sec. in addition, the ceo and cfo meet quarterly with the sec filings review committee, which includes senior representatives from accounting, legal, risk management, treasury, and the business groups. the sec filings review committee provides a forum in which senior executives disclose to the ceo and cfo any known significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in regions' internal controls over financial reporting, and provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements and other contents of the company's form 10-k and 10-q filings are accurate, complete, and timely. as part of this process, certifications of internal control effectiveness are obtained from regions' associates who are responsible for maintaining and monitoring effective internal controls over financial reporting. these certifications are reviewed and presented to the ceo and cfo as support of the company's assessment of internal controls over financial reporting. the form 10-k is presented to the audit committee of the board of directors for approval, and the forms 10-q are reviewed by the audit committee. financial results and other financial information are also reviewed with the audit committee on a quarterly basis.
as required by sections 302 and 906 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, the ceo and the cfo review and make certifications regarding the accuracy of regions' periodic public reports filed with the sec, as well as the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. with the assistance of the financial review committees noted in the previous paragraph, regions continually assesses and monitors disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, and makes refinements as necessary.
comparison of 2020 with 2019
refer to the "2020 results" and "operating results" sections of management's discussion and analysis of the annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, for comparisons of 2020 with 2019.
