item 1a. risk factors risk factors in the normal course of our business activities, we are exposed to a variety of risks. the following is a discussion of material risk factors applicable to us. additional information about our risk management framework is included under "risk management" in management's discussion and analysis in this form 10-k. additional risks beyond those described in our management's discussion and analysis or in the following discussion may apply to our activities or operations as currently conducted, or as we may conduct them in the future, or in the markets in which we operate or may in the future operate.
strategic risks consummation of our planned acquisition of the bbh investor services business is subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other closing conditions, the failure or delay of which may prevent or delay the consummation of the acquisition.
on september 7, 2021, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement with bbh to acquire the bbh investor services business, including its custody, accounting, fund administration, global markets and technology services for $3.5 billion in cash, subject to customary adjustments. the transaction is subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals and the satisfaction or waiver of other closing conditions. the regulatory review is taking longer than we initially anticipated. we cannot provide any assurance that all necessary regulatory approvals will be obtained, as to the timing of such regulatory approvals, or that the challenging political and regulatory environment will not make such reviews longer and more uncertain, nor can we provide any assurance that all of the other closing conditions will be satisfied or waived. the failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or the failure to satisfy some or delay in obtaining, all of the other required conditions could delay the completion of the acquisition for a significant period of time, require it to be modified, or prevent it from occurring.
even if we successfully consummate our planned acquisition of the bbh investor services business, we may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of the transaction or the benefits may take longer to realize than expected.
our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the planned acquisition will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate the bbh investor services business into our business and realize anticipated growth opportunities and cost synergies. the integration of the bbh investor services business into our business will be a complex, costly and time-consuming process, is subject to delay or change, and our management may face significant challenges in implementing that integration, including, without limitation, challenges related to:
•retaining the business and revenue from the bbh investor services business's current clients, many of which have the right to consent to transfer their business to state street or to transition their business to another provider on short notice;
•integrating the bbh investor services business's software solutions, including its infomediary communication platform, with our existing products and services and cross-selling our comprehensive suite of products and services, including state street alpha, to clients of the bbh investor services business;
•achieving the anticipated cost and revenue synergies from the combination of the bbh investor services business with state street;
•managing systems, operational and business complexities and costs associated with combining two different global securities servicing platforms, including maintaining service consistency, information security, business continuity and compliance, and controlling operational risks associated with large-scale technology conversions; and
•transitioning the bbh investor services business's senior management team of investment service partners into roles within our larger company and retaining other key employees of the bbh investor services business.
any delay or failure in achieving any of the foregoing could materially adversely impact the expected benefits of the acquisition.
state street corporation | 23
we are subject to intense competition in all aspects of our business, which could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our profitability.
the markets in which we operate across all facets of our business are both highly competitive and global. these markets are changing as a result of new and evolving laws and regulations applicable to financial services institutions. regulatory-driven market changes cannot always be anticipated, and may adversely affect the demand for, and profitability of, the products and services that we offer. in addition, new market entrants and competitors may address or influence changes in the markets more rapidly than we do, may have materially greater resources to invest in infrastructure and product development than we do, or may provide clients with a more attractive or cost-efficient offering of products and services, adversely affecting our business. our efforts to develop and market new products, particularly in the "fintech" sector including through state street digital and state street alpha, may position us in new markets with pre-existing competitors with strong market position. we have also experienced, and anticipate that we will continue to experience, significant pricing pressure in many of our core businesses, particularly our custodial and investment management services. this pricing pressure has and may continue to impact our revenue growth and operational margins and may limit the positive impact of new client demand and growth in auc/a. many of our businesses compete with other domestic and international banks and financial services companies, such as custody banks, investment advisors, broker/dealers, outsourcing companies, information providers, data analytics and processing companies. further consolidation within the financial services industry could also pose challenges to us in the markets we serve, including potentially increased downward pricing pressure across our businesses.
some of our competitors, including our competitors in core services, have substantially greater capital resources than we do, are not subject to as stringent capital or other regulatory requirements as we are, or may not be as constrained as we are by these requirements due to the relative size of our balance sheet. in some of our businesses, we are service providers to significant competitors. these competitors are in some instances significant clients, and the retention of these clients involves additional risks, such as the avoidance of actual or perceived conflicts of interest and the maintenance of high levels of service quality and intra-company confidentiality. the ability of a competitor to offer comparable or improved products or services at a lower price would likely negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our profitability. many of our core services are subject to contracts that have relatively short terms or may be terminated by our client after a short notice period. in addition, pricing pressures as a result of the activities of competitors, client pricing reviews, and rebids, as well as the introduction of new products, may result in a reduction in the prices we can charge for our products and services.
we are subject to variability in our assets under custody and/or administration and assets under management, and in our financial results, due to the significant size of our relationship with many of our institutional clients, and are also subject to significant pricing pressure due to trends in the market for custodial services and the considerable market influence exerted by those clients.
our clients include institutional investors, such as mutual funds, collective investment funds, ucits, hedge funds and other investment pools, corporate and public retirement plans, insurance companies, foundations, endowments and investment managers. in both our asset servicing and asset management businesses, we endeavor to attract institutional investors controlling large and diverse pools of assets, as those clients typically have the opportunity to benefit from the full range of our expertise and service offerings. due to the large pools of assets controlled by these clients, the loss or gain of one client, or even a portion of the assets controlled by one client, or a client's decision to in-source certain services that we provide, could have a significant effect on our auc/a or our aum, as applicable, in the relevant period. loss of all or a portion of the servicing of a client's assets can occur for a variety of reasons. for example, as a result of a decision to diversify providers, one of our large asset servicing clients has advised us it expects to move a significant portion of its etf assets currently with state street to one or more other providers, pending necessary approvals. the transition is expected to begin in 2022, but will principally occur in 2023 and 2024. for the year ended december 31, 2021, the fee revenue associated with the transitioning assets represented approximately 1.9% of our total fee revenue. our aum or auc/a are also affected by decisions by institutional owners to favor or disfavor certain investment instruments or categories. similarly, if one or more clients change the asset class in which a significant portion of assets are invested (e.g., by shifting investments from emerging markets to the u.s.), those changes could have a significant effect on our results of operations in the relevant period, as our fee rates often change based on the type of asset classes we are servicing or managing. as our fee revenue is significantly impacted by our levels of auc/a and aum, changes in levels of different asset classes could have a corresponding significant effect on our results of operations in the relevant period. large institutional clients also, by their nature, are often able to exert considerable market influence, and state street corporation | 24
this, combined with strong competitive forces in the markets for our services, has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant pressure to reduce the fees we charge for our services in both our asset servicing and asset management lines of business. our strategy of focusing our efforts on the segments of the market for investor services represented by very large asset managers and asset owners causes us to be particularly impacted by this industry trend. many of these large clients are also under competitive and regulatory pressures that are driving them to manage the expenses that they and their investment products incur more aggressively, which in turn exacerbates their pressures on our fees.
development and completion of new products and services, including state street digital or state street alpha, may impose costs on us, involve dependencies on third parties and may expose us to increased operational and model risk.
our financial performance depends, in part, on our ability to develop and market new and innovative services and to adopt or develop new technologies that differentiate our products or provide cost efficiencies, while avoiding increased related expenses. this dependency is exacerbated in the current "fintech" environment, where financial institutions are investing significantly in evaluating new technologies, such as distributed ledger technology ("blockchain"), and developing potentially industry-changing products, services and standards. for example, in 2018, we acquired crd, and are leveraging the capabilities acquired to create state street alpha by combining with offerings from our investment servicing business line. similarly, in 2021, we established state street digital to focus on the development of digital assets and technologies. the introduction of new products and services can require significant time and resources, including regulatory approvals and the development and implementation of technical data management, control and model validation requirements and effective security and resiliency elements. new products and services, such as state street digital and state street alpha, often also involve dependencies on third parties to, among other things, access innovative technologies, develop new distribution channels or form collaborative product and service offerings, and can require complex strategic alliances and joint venture relationships. substantial risks and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, strategic alliances and joint ventures, including rapid technological change in the industry, our ability to access technical, data and other information from our clients, significant and ongoing investments required to bring new products and services to market in a timely manner at competitive prices, sharing of benefits in those relationships, conflicts with existing business partners and clients, protection of intellectual property, the competition for employees with the necessary expertise and experience and sales and other materials that fully and accurately describe the product or service and its underlying risks and are compliant with applicable regulations. new products or services may fail to operate or perform as expected and may not be suitable for the intended client or may not produce anticipated efficiencies, savings or benefits for either the client or us. our failure to manage these risks and uncertainties also exposes us to enhanced risk of operational lapses, which may result in the recognition of financial statement liabilities. regulatory and internal control requirements, capital requirements, competitive alternatives, vendor relationships and shifting market preferences may also determine if such initiatives can be brought to market in a manner that is timely and attractive to our clients. failure to successfully manage all of the above risks in the development and implementation of new products or services, including completion of state street alpha, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation, consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
our business may be negatively affected by our failure to update and maintain our technology infrastructure.
in order to maintain and grow our business, we must make strategic decisions about our current and future business plans and effectively execute upon those plans. strategic initiatives that we are currently developing or executing against include cost initiatives, enhancements and efficiencies to our operational processes, improvements to existing and new service offerings, targeting for sales growth certain segments of the markets for investor services and asset management, and enhancements to existing and development of new information technology and other systems. implementing strategic programs and creating cost efficiencies involves certain strategic, technological and operational risks. many features of our present initiatives include investment in systems integration and new technologies and also the development of new, and the evolution of existing, methods and tools to accelerate the pace of innovation, the introduction of new services and enhancements to the resiliency of our systems and operations. these initiatives also may result in increased or unanticipated costs or earnings volatility, may take longer than anticipated to implement and may result in increases in operating losses, inadvertent data disclosures or other operating errors. in implementing these programs, we may have material dependencies on third parties. the transition to new operating processes and technology infrastructure may also cause disruptions in our relationships with clients and employees or loss of institutional understanding and may present other state street corporation | 25
unanticipated technical or operational hurdles. in addition, the relocation to or expansion of servicing activities and other operations in different geographic regions or vendors may entail client, regulatory and other third party data use, storage and security challenges, as well as other regulatory compliance, business continuity and other considerations. as a result, we may not achieve some or all of the anticipated cost savings or other benefits and may experience unanticipated challenges from clients, regulators or other parties or reputational harm. in addition, some systems development initiatives may not have access to significant resources or management attention and, consequently, may be delayed or unsuccessful. many of our systems require enhancements to meet the requirements of evolving regulation, to enhance security and resiliency and decommission obsolete technologies, to permit us to optimize our use of capital or to reduce the risk of operating error. in addition, the implementation of our state street alpha platform and integration of crd requires substantial systems development and expense. we may not have the resources to pursue all of these objectives simultaneously.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to create significant risks and uncertainties for our business.
the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as our regulatory capital and liquidity ratios and other regulatory requirements in the united states and internationally, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic, the effectiveness of our work from home arrangements and staffing levels in operational facilities, challenges associated with our return to office plans such as maintaining a safe office environment and integrating and engaging at-home and in-office staff, the impact of market participants on which we rely, actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic and the impact of equity market valuations and extended sales and implementation cycles for some clients on our service and management fee revenue.
while global economic pressures related to the covid-19 pandemic have moderated, the pandemic continues to create economic uncertainty which may lead to negative future impacts to the global economy, cause fluctuations in equity market valuations, decrease liquidity in fixed income markets, or create volatility and disruption in financial markets. any such impacts may lead to renewed outsized demands on our transaction processing capabilities in our asset servicing business and volatility in our foreign exchange and asset management businesses. new market and economic uncertainty could also increase the risks inherent in our activities as a credit provider to investment pools and other institutional investors and cause us to increase our provision for credit losses. in addition, our and other market participants' reliance upon work from home capabilities in light of the pandemic, and the potential inability to maintain critical staff in our operational facilities, including facilities in the united states, the united kingdom, germany, china, india and poland, present risks associated with our and local infrastructure, increasingly restrictive local regulations, illness, quarantine, the sustainability of a work from home environment and increased risk of cybersecurity attacks. any material or extended disruption of our ability to deliver services or meet our responsibilities in the settlement of securities or other market activities is likely to result in operating losses, loss of revenue or penalties under our service contracts which may have a material adverse impact on our results of operation and financial condition. new pressures on the global economy are also arising from ongoing disruptions to global supply chains and material shifts in employment trends and may drive negative impacts on our business. in particular, trends related to staff retention have created heightened concerns around talent management. our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key people. the unintended loss of services of key personnel and other staff could have a material adverse impact on our business because of loss of skills, knowledge of our markets, operations and clients, years of industry experience, sufficient talent to meet client demand and growth and the difficulty of replacing talent in the current market conditions. in addition, as we have moved business into emerging markets (e.g., china, india, and poland), increased turnover and salary competition in these locations may lead to heightened risk and costs.
acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures pose risks for our business.
as part of our business strategy, we acquire complementary businesses and technologies, enter into strategic alliances and joint ventures and divest portions of our business. we undertake transactions of varying sizes to, among other reasons, expand our geographic footprint, access new clients, distribution channels, technologies or services, develop closer or more collaborative relationships with our business partners, efficiently deploy capital or leverage cost savings or other business or financial opportunities. we may not achieve the expected benefits of these transactions, which could result in increased costs, lowered revenues, ineffective deployment of capital, regulatory concerns, exit costs or diminished competitive position or reputation.
transactions of this nature also involve a number of risks and financial, accounting, tax, regulatory, strategic, managerial, operational, cultural and employment challenges, which could adversely state street corporation | 26
affect our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. for example, the businesses that we acquire or our strategic alliances or joint ventures may under-perform relative to the price paid or the resources committed by us; we may not achieve anticipated revenue growth or cost savings; or we may otherwise be adversely affected by acquisition-related charges. the intellectual property of an acquired business may be an important component of the value that we agree to pay for it. however, such acquisitions are subject to the risks that the acquired business may not own the intellectual property that we believe we are acquiring, that the intellectual property is dependent on licenses from third parties, that the acquired business infringes on the intellectual property rights of others, that the technology does not have the acceptance in the marketplace that we anticipated or that the technology requires significant investment to remain competitive. similarly, such acquisitions present risks on our ability to retain the acquired talent, which may be essential to achieve our objectives in the acquisition. the integration of an acquired business's information technology infrastructure into ours has in the past and may in the future also expose us to additional security and resiliency risks. further, past acquisitions have resulted in the recognition of goodwill and other significant intangible assets in our consolidated statement of condition. for example, we recorded goodwill and intangible assets of approximately $2.46 billion associated with our acquisition of crd in 2018. these assets are not eligible for inclusion in regulatory capital under applicable requirements. in addition, we may be required to record impairment in our consolidated statement of income in future periods if we determine that the value of these assets has declined.
through our acquisitions or joint ventures, we may also assume unknown or undisclosed business, operational, tax, regulatory and other liabilities, fail to properly assess known contingent liabilities or assume businesses with internal control deficiencies. while in most of our transactions we seek to mitigate these risks through, among other things, due diligence, indemnification provisions or insurance, these or other risk-mitigating provisions we put in place may not be sufficient to address these liabilities and contingencies and involve credit and execution risks associated with successfully seeking recourse from a third party, such as the seller or an insurance provider. other major financial services firms have paid significant penalties to resolve government investigations into matters conducted in significant part by acquired entities.
various regulatory approvals or consents, formal or informal, are generally required prior to closing of these transactions, which may include approvals, non-objections or regulatory exceptions from the federal reserve and other domestic and non-u.s. regulatory authorities. these regulatory authorities may impose conditions on the completion of the acquisition or require changes to its terms that materially affect the terms of the transaction or our ability to capture some of the opportunities presented by the transaction, or may not approve the transaction. any such conditions, or any associated regulatory delays, could limit the benefits of the transaction. acquisitions or joint ventures we announce may not be completed if we do not receive the required regulatory approvals, if regulatory approvals are significantly delayed or if other closing conditions are not satisfied.
the integration and the retention and development of the benefits of our acquisitions result in risks to our business and other uncertainties.
in recent years, we have undertaken several acquisitions, including our 2018 acquisition of crd and our 2016 acquisition of the general electric asset management business. our planned acquisition of the bbh investors services business is pending regulatory review. the integration of acquisitions presents risks that differ from the risks associated with our ongoing operations. integration activities are complicated and time consuming and can involve significant unforeseen costs. we may not be able to effectively assimilate services, technologies, key personnel or businesses of acquired companies into our business or service offerings as anticipated, and we may not achieve related revenue growth or cost savings. we also face the risk of being unable to retain, or cross-sell our products or services to, the clients of acquired companies or joint ventures and the risk of being unable to cross-sell acquired products or services to our existing clients. in particular, some clients, including significant clients, of an acquired business may have the right to transition their business to other providers on short notice for convenience, fiduciary or other reasons and may take the opportunity of the acquisition or market, commercial, relationship, service satisfaction or other developments following the acquisition to terminate, reduce or renegotiate the fees or other terms of our relationship. any such client losses, reductions or renegotiations likely will reduce the expected benefits of the acquisition, including revenues, cross-selling opportunities and market share, cause impairment to goodwill and other intangibles or result in reputational harm, which effects could be material, and we may not have recourse against the seller of the business or the client. the risk of client loss is even greater where the client is a competitor of ours. acquisitions of technology firms can involve extensive information technology integration, with associated risk of defects, security breaches and resiliency lapses and product enhancement and development activities, the state street corporation | 27
costs of which can be difficult to estimate, as well as heightened cultural and compliance concerns in integrating an unregulated firm into a bank regulatory environment. acquisitions of investment servicing businesses entail information technology systems conversions, which involve operational risks, as well as fiduciary and other risks associated with client retention. acquisitions of asset management businesses similarly involve fiduciary and similar risks associated with client retention, distribution channels and additional servicing opportunities. joint ventures involve all of these risks, as well as risks associated with shared control and decision-making (even in majority-owned situations), minority rights and exit rights, which can delay, challenge or foreclose execution on material opportunities or initiatives, create regulatory risks and limit divestment opportunities.
with any acquisition, the integration of the operations and resources of the businesses could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of our and the acquired company's ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures or policies that could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, business partners or employees, maintain regulatory compliance or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. integration efforts may also divert management attention and resources.
competition for qualified members of our workforce is intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain the personnel we need to support our business.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. competition for labor in most activities in which we engage can be intense, including for both individuals identified as key talent and for other personnel. we may not be able to hire people or retain them, particularly in light of challenges associated with compensation restrictions applicable, or which may become applicable, to banks and some asset managers and that are not applicable to other financial services firms in all jurisdictions or to technology or other firms with which we compete for personnel, generally. this can be particularly constraining when competing for skill sets which are in high demand, such as technology and information security. the unexpected loss of services of personnel in business units, control functions, information technology, operations or other areas could have a material adverse impact on our business and operations because of the loss of skills, knowledge of our markets, operations and clients, years of industry experience and, in some cases, the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. these adverse impacts may be exacerbated by increased costs and expenses driven by the current competitive labor market particularly with regard to the ability to meet compensation expectations, elevated inflationary pressures and increased costs associated with attracting, retaining and engaging personnel. in addition, the loss of personnel, either individually or as a group, could adversely affect our clients' perception of our ability to continue to manage certain types of investment management or servicing mandates to provide other services to them or to maintain a culture of innovation and proficiency.
financial market risks geopolitical and economic conditions and developments could adversely affect us, particularly if we face increased uncertainty and unpredictability in managing our businesses.
global financial markets can suffer from substantial volatility, illiquidity and disruption, particularly as a result of geopolitical disruptions, slower economic growth and a shifting monetary policy stance from key central banks. if such volatility, illiquidity or disruption were to result in an adverse economic environment in the u.s. or internationally or result in a lack of confidence in the financial stability of major developed or emerging markets, such developments could have an adverse effect on our business, as well as the businesses of our clients and our significant counterparties, and could also increase the difficulty and unpredictability of aligning our business strategies, our infrastructure and our operating costs in light of uncertain market and economic conditions. these risks could be compounded by tighter monetary policy conditions, disruptions to free trade and political uncertainty in the u.s. and internationally.
market disruptions can adversely affect our consolidated results of operations if the value of our auc/a or aum decline, while the costs of providing the related services remain constant or increase. they may also result in investor preference trends towards asset classes and markets deemed more secure, such as cash or non-emerging markets, with respect to which our fee rates are often lower. these factors could reduce the profitability of our asset-based fee revenue and could also adversely affect our transaction-based revenue, such as revenues from securities finance and foreign exchange activities, and the volume of transactions that we execute for or with our clients. further, the degree of volatility in foreign exchange rates can affect our foreign exchange trading revenue. in general, increased currency volatility tends to increase our market risk but also increases our opportunity to generate foreign exchange revenue. conversely, periods of lower currency volatility tend to decrease our market risk but also decrease our foreign exchange revenue.
in addition, as our business grows globally and a significant percentage of our revenue is earned (and of our expenses paid) in currencies other than u.s.
state street corporation | 28
dollars, our exposure to foreign currency volatility could affect our levels of consolidated revenue, our consolidated expenses and our consolidated results of operations, as well as the value of our investment in our non-u.s. operations and our non-u.s. investment portfolio holdings. the extent to which changes in the strength of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies affect our consolidated results of operations, including the degree of any offset between increases or decreases to both revenue and expenses, will depend upon the nature and scope of our operations and activities in the relevant jurisdictions during the relevant periods, which may vary from period to period.
as our product offerings expand, in part as we seek to take advantage of perceived opportunities arising under various regulatory reforms and resulting market changes, the degree of our exposure to various market and credit risks will evolve, potentially resulting in greater revenue volatility.
our businesses have significant international operations, and disruptions in european and asian economies could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
economic conditions across the world face continued uncertainty due to among other things, covid-19 pandemic fluctuations, global supply chain challenges, employment pressures in services sectors, increased geopolitical risk in ukraine, and heightened volatility in key emerging market economies. new or continued economic deterioration will renew concerns about sovereign debt sustainability, interdependencies among financial institutions and sovereigns, and political and other risks, particularly as many global central banks begin to withdraw stimulus measures deployed during the peak of the covid-19 pandemic or implement differing monetary policy. continued uncertainty in the external environment has led to increased concern around the near- to medium-term outlook for economic progress in the regions in which we operate, including europe and asia.
in addition, uncertainty around implications of the united kingdom's exit from the e.u., known as brexit, and related developments, present risks which include potential negative impacts to economic activity or to cooperation in the future relationship between the u.k. and e.u. and the resulting consequences for market access for financial services. in order to conform to anticipated restrictions on activity between the e.u. and the u.k. following brexit, we have developed and implemented plans that seek to maintain our servicing and operational capabilities, in all material respects, independent of the final outcome. there can be no assurance, however, that our plans will address effectively, in whole or in part, all potential contingencies associated with brexit or that we may not experience additional costs or inefficiencies associated with our european activities or client dissatisfaction, delays in receiving regulatory approvals or other difficulties in executing our regional strategy.
given the scope of our international operations, economic or market uncertainty, volatility, illiquidity or disruption resulting from these and related factors could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
our investment securities portfolio, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in market factors, including interest rates, credit spreads and credit performance.
our investment securities portfolio represented approximately 37% of our total assets as of december 31, 2021. the gross interest income associated with our investment portfolio represented approximately 10% of our total gross revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021 and has represented as much as 31% of our total gross revenue in the fiscal years since 2007. as such, our consolidated financial condition and results of operations are materially exposed to the risks associated with our investment portfolio, including changes in interest rates, credit spreads, credit performance (including risk of default), credit ratings, our access to liquidity, foreign exchange markets and mark- to-market valuations, and our ability to profitably manage changes in repayment rates of principal with respect to our portfolio securities. the low interest rate environment that has persisted since the financial crisis began in mid-2007 limits our ability to achieve a nim consistent with our prior historical averages. despite market expectations for higher interest rates, risks remain for further volatility. managing reinvestment for both higher and lower rate outcomes will continue to be a challenge. to the extent the federal reserve engages in quantitative tightening activities, the market effects and the associated challenges in managing our investment portfolio, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations, including our capital ratios and share repurchase program, may differ from or be exacerbated by the effects of changes in interest rates and also may be volatile and difficult to predict, presenting even further challenges. in addition, certain regulatory liquidity standards, such as the lcr, require that we maintain minimum levels of hqla in our investment portfolio, which generally generate lower rates of return than other investment assets. this has resulted in increased levels of hqla as a percentage of our investment portfolio and an associated negative impact on our nii and our nim. as a result we may not be able to attain our prior historical levels of nii and nim. for additional information regarding these liquidity requirements, refer to the "liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio" section of "supervision and state street corporation | 29
regulation" in business in this form 10-k. we may enter into derivative transactions to hedge or manage our exposure to interest rate risk, as well as other risks, such as foreign exchange risk and credit risk. derivative instruments that we hold for these or other purposes may not achieve their intended results and could result in unexpected losses or stresses on our liquidity or capital resources.
our investment securities portfolio represents a greater proportion of our consolidated statement of condition and our loan portfolio represents a smaller proportion (approximately 10% of our total assets as of december 31, 2021), in comparison to many other major financial institutions. in some respects, the accounting and regulatory treatment of our investment securities portfolio may be less favorable to us than a more traditional held-for-investment lending portfolio. for example, under the basel iii rule, after-tax changes in the fair value of afs investment securities, such as those which represent a majority of our investment portfolio, are included in tier 1 capital. since loans held for investment are not subject to a fair value accounting framework, changes in the fair value of loans (other than expected credit losses) are not similarly included in the determination of tier 1 capital under the basel iii rule. due to this differing treatment, we may experience increased variability in our tier 1 capital relative to other major financial institutions whose loan-and-lease portfolios represent a larger proportion of their consolidated total assets than ours.
additional risks associated with our investment portfolio include:
•asset class concentration. our investment portfolio continues to have significant concentrations in several classes of securities, including agency residential mbs, commercial mbs and other abs, and securities with concentrated exposure to consumers. these classes and types of securities experienced significant liquidity, valuation and credit quality deterioration during the financial crisis that began in mid-2007. we also hold non-u.s. government securities, non-u.s. mbs and abs with exposures to european countries, whose sovereign-debt markets have experienced increased stress at times since 2011 and may continue to experience stress in the future. for further information, refer to the risk factor titled "our businesses have significant european operations, and disruptions in european economies could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition". further, we hold a portfolio of u.s. state and municipal bonds, the value of which may be affected by the budget deficits that a number of states and municipalities currently face, resulting in risks associated with this portfolio.
•effects of market conditions. if market conditions deteriorate, our investment portfolio could experience a decline in market value, whether due to a decline in liquidity or an increase in the yield required by investors to hold such securities, regardless of our credit view of our portfolio holdings. in addition, in general, deterioration in credit quality, or changes in management's expectations regarding repayment timing or in management's investment intent to hold securities to maturity, in each case with respect to our portfolio holdings, could result in recognition of an allowance for expected credit losses or in impairment. similarly, if a material portion of our investment portfolio were to experience credit deterioration, our capital ratios as calculated pursuant to the basel iii rule could be adversely affected. this risk is greater with portfolios of investment securities that contain credit risk than with holdings of u.s. treasury securities.
•effects of interest rates. our investment portfolio is further subject to changes in both u.s. and non-u.s. (primarily in europe) interest rates, and could be negatively affected by changes in those rates, whether or not expected. this is particularly true in the case of a quicker-than-anticipated increase in interest rates, which would decrease market values in the near-term, or monetary policy that results in persistently low or negative rates of interest on certain investments. the latter has been the case, for example, with respect to ecb monetary policy, including negative interest rates in some jurisdictions, with associated negative effects on our investment portfolio reinvestment, nii and nim. the effect on our nii has been exacerbated by the effects in recent fiscal years of the strong u.s. dollar relative to other currencies, particularly the euro. if european interest rates remain low or decrease and the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to the euro, the negative effects on our nii likely will continue or increase. the overall level of nii can also be impacted by the size of our deposit base, as further increases in interest rates could lead to reduced deposit levels and also lower overall nii. further, a reduction in deposit levels could increase the requirements under the regulatory liquidity standards requiring us to invest a greater proportion of our investment portfolio holdings in hqla that have lower state street corporation | 30
yields than other investable assets. see also, "our business activities expose us to interest rate risk" in this section.
our business activities expose us to interest rate risk.
in our business activities, we assume interest rate risk by investing short-term deposits received from our clients in our investment portfolio of longer- and intermediate-term assets. our nii and nim are affected by among other things, the levels of interest rates in global markets, changes in the relationship between short- and long-term interest rates, the direction and speed of interest rate changes and the asset and liability spreads relative to the currency and geographic mix of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. these factors are influenced, among other things, by a variety of economic and market forces and expectations, including monetary policy and other activities of central banks, such as the federal reserve and ecb, that we do not control. our ability to anticipate changes in these factors or to hedge the related on- and off-balance sheet exposures, and the cost of any such hedging activity, can significantly influence the success of our asset-and-liability management activities and the resulting level of our nii and nim. the impact of changes in interest rates and related factors will depend on the relative duration and fixed- or floating-rate nature of our assets and liabilities. sustained lower interest rates, a flat or inverted yield curve and narrow credit spreads generally have a constraining effect on our nii. in addition, our ability to change deposit rates in response to changes in interest rates and other market and related factors is limited by client relationship considerations. the impact of interest rates on our investment portfolio and consolidated financial results, including accumulated other comprehensive income, can also affect our ability to maintain our capital ratios within our target ranges as well as the amount and timing of our future share repurchases. for additional information about the effects on interest rates on our business, refer to the market risk management section, "asset-and-liability management activities" in our management's discussion and analysis in this form 10-k.
we assume significant credit risk to counterparties, many of which are major financial institutions. these financial institutions and other counterparties may also have substantial financial dependencies with other financial institutions and sovereign entities. these credit exposures and concentrations could expose us to financial loss.
the financial markets are characterized by extensive interdependencies among numerous parties, including banks, central banks, broker/dealers, insurance companies and other financial institutions. these financial institutions also include collective investment funds, such as mutual funds, ucits and hedge funds that share these interdependencies. many financial institutions, including collective investment funds, also hold, or are exposed to, loans, sovereign debt, fixed-income securities, derivatives, counterparty and other forms of credit risk in amounts that are material to their financial condition. as a result of our own business practices and these interdependencies, we and many of our clients have concentrated counterparty exposure to other financial institutions and collective investment funds, particularly large and complex institutions, sovereign issuers, mutual funds, ucits and hedge funds. although we have procedures for monitoring both individual and aggregate counterparty risk, significant individual and aggregate counterparty exposure is inherent in our business, as our focus is on servicing large institutional investors.
in the normal course of our business, we assume concentrated credit risk at the individual obligor, counterparty or group level. such concentrations may be material. our material counterparty exposures change daily, and the counterparties or groups of related counterparties to which our risk exposure is concentrated are also variable during any reported period; our largest exposures tend to be to other financial institutions.
concentration of counterparty exposure presents significant risks to us and to our clients because the failure or perceived weakness of our counterparties (or in some cases of our clients' counterparties) has the potential to expose us to risk of financial loss. changes in market perception of the financial strength of particular financial institutions or sovereign issuers can occur rapidly, are often based on a variety of factors and are difficult to predict.
this was observed during the financial crisis that began in 2007-2008, when economic, market, political and other factors contributed to the perception of many financial institutions and sovereign issuers as being less credit worthy. this led to credit downgrades of numerous large u.s. and non-u.s. financial institutions and several sovereign issuers (which exposure stressed the perceived creditworthiness of financial institutions, many of which invest in, accept collateral in the form of, or value other transactions based on the debt or other securities issued by sovereigns) and substantially reduced value and liquidity in the market for their credit instruments. these or other factors could again contribute to similar consequences or other market risks associated with reduced levels of liquidity. as a result, we may be exposed to increased counterparty risks, either resulting from our role as principal or because of commitments we make in our capacity as agent for some of our clients.
state street corporation | 31
additional areas where we experience exposure to credit risk include:
•short-term credit: the degree of client demand for short-term credit tends to increase during periods of market turbulence, which may expose us to further counterparty-related risks. for example, investors in collective investment vehicles for which we act as a custodian may experience significant redemption activity due to adverse market or economic news. our relationship with our clients and the nature of the settlement process for some types of payments may result in the extension of short-term credit in such circumstances. we also provide committed lines of credit to support such activity. for some types of clients, we provide credit to allow them to leverage their portfolios, which may expose us to potential loss if the client experiences investment losses or other credit difficulties.
•industry and country risks: in addition to our exposure to financial institutions, we are from time to time exposed to concentrated credit risk at an industry or country level. this concentration risk also applies to groups of unrelated counterparties that may have similar investment strategies involving one or more particular industries, regions, or other characteristics. these unrelated counterparties may concurrently experience adverse effects to their performance, liquidity or reputation due to events or other factors affecting such investment strategies. though potentially not material individually (relative to any one such counterparty), our credit exposures to such a group of counterparties could expose us to a single market or political event or a correlated set of events that, in the aggregate, could have a material adverse impact on our business.
•subcustodian risks: our use of unaffiliated subcustodians exposes us to credit risk, in addition to other risks, such as operational risk, dependencies on credit extensions and risks of the legal systems of the jurisdictions in which the subcustodians operate, each of which may be material. our operating model exposes us to risk of unaffiliated sub-custodians to a degree greater than some of our competitors who have banking operations in more jurisdictions than we do. our sub-custodians operate in all jurisdictions in which our clients invest, including emerging and other underdeveloped markets that entail heightened risks. these risks are amplified due to evolving regulatory requirements with respect to our financial exposures in the event those subcustodians are unable to return clients' assets, including, in some regulatory regimes, such as the e.u.'s ucits v directive, requirements that we be responsible for resulting losses suffered by our clients. we may agree to similar or more stringent standards with clients that are not subject to such regulations. our subcustodians are also large, global financial institutions with whom we have other credit exposures. this credit exposure to these financial institutions or subcustodians may limit the financial relationship we may have with these counterparties.
•settlement risks: we are exposed to settlement risks, particularly in our payments and foreign exchange activities. those activities may lead to extension of credit and consequent losses in the event of a counterparty breach or an operational error, including the failure to provide credit. due to our membership in several industry clearing or settlement exchanges, we may be required to guarantee obligations and liabilities, or provide financial support, in the event that other members do not honor their obligations or default. moreover, not all of our counterparty exposure is secured, and even when our exposure is secured, the realizable value of the collateral may have declined by the time we exercise our rights against that collateral. this risk may be particularly acute if we are required to sell the collateral into an illiquid or temporarily-impaired market or with respect to clients protected by sovereign immunity. we are exposed to risk of short-term credit or overdraft of our clients in connection with the process to facilitate settlement of trades and related foreign exchange activities, particularly when contractual settlement has been agreed with our clients. the occurrence of overdrafts at peak volatility could create significant credit exposure to our clients depending upon the value of such clients' collateral at the time.
•securities lending and repurchase agreement indemnification: on behalf of clients enrolled in our securities lending program, we lend securities to banks, broker/dealers and other institutions. in the event of a failure of the borrower to return such securities, we typically agree to indemnify our clients for the amount by which the fair market value of those securities exceeds the proceeds of the disposition of the collateral posted by the borrower in connection with such transaction. we also lend and borrow securities as riskless principal, and in connection with state street corporation | 32
those transactions receive a security interest in securities held by the borrowers in their securities portfolios and advance cash or securities as collateral to securities lenders. borrowers are generally required to provide collateral equal to a contractually agreed percentage equal to or in excess of the fair market value of the loaned securities. as the fair market value of the loaned securities or collateral changes, additional collateral is provided by the borrower or collateral is returned to the borrower. in addition, our agency securities lending clients often purchase securities or other financial instruments from financial counterparties, including broker/dealers, under repurchase arrangements, frequently as a method of reinvesting the cash collateral they receive from lending their securities. under these arrangements, the counterparty is obligated to repurchase these securities or financial instruments from the client at the same price (plus an agreed rate of return) at some point in the future. the value of the collateral is intended to exceed the counterparty's payment obligation, and collateral is adjusted daily to account for shortfall under, or excess over, the agreed-upon collateralization level. as with the securities lending program, we agree to indemnify our clients from any loss that would arise on a default by the counterparty under these repurchase arrangements if the proceeds from the disposition of the securities or other financial assets held as collateral are less than the amount of the repayment obligation by the client's counterparty. in such instances of counterparty default, for both securities lending and repurchase agreements, we, rather than our client, are exposed to the risks associated with collateral value.
•repurchase and resale transactions: we enter into repurchase and resale transactions in eligible securities with sponsored clients and with other ficc members and, pursuant to ficc government securities division rules, submit, novate and net the transactions when specific netting criteria are met. we may sponsor clients to clear their eligible repurchase transactions with ficc, backed by our guarantee to ficc of the prompt and full payment and performance of our sponsored member clients' respective obligations. although we obtain a security interest from our sponsored clients in the collateral that they receive, we are exposed to the associated risks, including insufficiency of the value of collateral.
•stable value arrangements: we enter into stable value wrap derivative contracts with unaffiliated stable value funds that allow a stable value fund to provide book value coverage to its participants. during the 2008 financial crisis, the book value of obligations under many of these contracts exceeded the market value of the underlying portfolio holdings. concerns regarding the portfolio of investments protected by such contracts, or regarding the investment manager overseeing such an investment option, may result in redemption demands from stable value products covered by benefit-responsive contracts at a time when the portfolio's market value is less than its book value, potentially exposing us to risk of loss.
•private equity subscription finance credit facilities: we provide credit facilities to private equity funds. the portfolio consists of capital call lines of credit, the repayment of which is dependent on the receipt of capital calls from the underlying limited partner investors in the funds managed by these firms.
•u.s. municipal obligations remarketing credit facilities: we provide credit facilities in connection with the remarketing of u.s. municipal obligations, potentially exposing us to credit exposure to the municipalities issuing such bonds and contingent liquidity risk.
•leveraged loans: we invest in leveraged loans, both in the u.s. and in europe. we invest in these loans to non-investment grade borrowers through participation in loan syndications in the non-investment grade lending market. we rate these loans as "speculative" under our internal risk-rating framework, and these loans have significant exposure to credit losses relative to higher-rated loans. we are therefore at a higher risk of default with respect to these investments relative to other of our investments activities. in addition, unlike other financial institutions that may have an active role in managing individual loan compliance, our investment in these loans is generally as a passive investor with limited control. as this portfolio becomes more seasoned, our allowance for credit losses related to these loans may increase through additional provisions for credit losses.
•commercial real estate: we finance commercial and multi-family properties, which serve as collateral for our loans. although collateralized, these loans may become under-secured if the value of the collateral was over-estimated or changes. loan state street corporation | 33
payments are dependent on the successful operation and management of the underlying collateral property to generate sufficient cash flow to repay the loan in a timely fashion. a material decline in real estate markets or economic conditions could negatively impact value or property performance, which could adversely impact timely loan repayment, which may result in increased provision for credit losses on loans, and actual losses, either of which would have an adverse impact on our net income.
•unavailability of netting: we are generally not able to net exposures across counterparties that are affiliated entities and may not be able in all circumstances to net exposures to the same legal entity across multiple products. as a consequence, we may incur a loss in relation to one entity or product even though our exposure to an entity's affiliates or across product types is over-collateralized. in some cases, for example in our securities finance and foreign exchange activities, we are able to enter into netting agreements that allow us to net offsetting exposures and payment obligations against one another. in the event we become unable, due to operational constraints, actions by regulators, changes in accounting principles, law or regulation (or related interpretations) or other factors, to net some or all of our offsetting exposures and payment obligations under those agreements, we would be required to gross up our assets and liabilities on our statement of condition and our calculation of rwa, accordingly. this would result in a potentially adverse impact on our regulatory ratios, including lcr, and present increased credit, liquidity, asset-and-liability management and operational risks, some of which could be material.
under currently prevailing regulatory restrictions on credit exposure, we are required to limit our exposures to specific issuers or counterparties or groups of counterparties, including financial institutions and sovereign issuers. these credit exposure restrictions have and may further adversely affect certain of our businesses, may require that we expand our credit exposure to a broader range of issuers and counterparties, including issuers and counterparties that represent increased credit risk, may reduce or foreclose our ability to enter into advantageous transactions or ventures with particular counterparties and may require that we modify our operating models or the policies and practices we use to manage our consolidated statement of condition. the effects of these considerations may increase when evaluated under a stressed environment in stress testing, including ccar. in addition, we are an adherent to the international swaps and derivatives association 2015 universal resolution stay protocol and as such are subject to restrictions against the exercise of rights and remedies against fellow adherents, including other major financial institutions, in the event they or an affiliate of theirs enters into resolution. although our overall business is subject to these factors, several of our activities are particularly sensitive to them including our currency trading business and our securities finance business. for a discussion of regulatory requirements applicable to our counterparty exposures, see "item 1. business-supervision and regulation - enhanced prudential standards".
given the limited number of strong counterparties in the current market, we are not able to mitigate all of our and our clients' counterparty credit risk.
fee revenue represents a significant majority of our consolidated revenue and is subject to decline, among other things, in the event of a reduction in, or changes to, the level or type of investment activity by our clients.
we rely primarily on fee-based services to derive our revenue. this contrasts with commercial banks that may rely more heavily on interest-based sources of revenue, such as loans. during 2021, total fee revenue represented approximately 83% of our total revenue. fee revenue generated by our investment servicing and investment management businesses is augmented by foreign exchange trading services, securities finance and software and processing fee revenue. the level of these fees is influenced by several factors, including the mix and volume of our auc/a and our aum, the value and type of securities positions held (with respect to auc/a) and the volume of our clients' portfolio transactions, and the types of products and services used by our clients. our fee revenue would be negatively affected, potentially materially, by a decline in the market value of client portfolios resulting from a broad market correction, especially in equity markets.
in addition, our clients include institutional investors, such as mutual funds, collective investment funds, ucits, hedge funds and other investment pools, corporate and public retirement plans, insurance companies, foundations, endowments and investment managers. economic, market or other factors that reduce the level or rates of savings in or with those institutions, either through reductions in financial asset valuations or through changes in investor preferences, could materially reduce our fee revenue and have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations.
state street corporation | 34
if we are unable to effectively manage our capital and liquidity, including by continuously attracting deposits and other short-term funding, our consolidated financial condition, including our regulatory capital ratios, our consolidated results of operations and our business prospects, could be adversely affected.
liquidity management, including on an intra-day basis, is critical to the management of our consolidated statement of condition and to our ability to service our client base. we generally use our liquidity to:
•meet clients' demands for return of their deposits;
•extend credit to our clients in connection with our investor services businesses; and
•fund the pool of long- and intermediate-term assets that are included in the investment securities and loan portfolio carried in our consolidated statement of condition.
because the demand for credit by our clients, particularly settlement related extensions of credit, is difficult to predict and control, and may be at its peak at times of disruption in the securities markets, and because the average maturity of our investment securities and loan portfolios is longer than the contractual maturity of our client deposit base, we need to continuously attract, and are dependent on access to, various sources of short-term funding. since the 2008 financial crisis, the level of client deposits held by us has tended to increase during times of market disruption; however, since such deposits are considered to be transitory, we have historically deposited so-called excess deposits with u.s. and non-u.s. central banks and in other highly liquid but low-yielding instruments. these levels of excess client deposits, when they manifest, have increased our nii but have adversely affected our nim.
in managing our liquidity, our primary source of short-term funding is client deposits, which are predominantly transaction-based deposits by institutional investors. our ability to continue to attract these deposits, and other short-term funding sources such as certificates of deposit, is subject to variability based on a number of factors, including volume and volatility in global financial markets, the interest rates that we are prepared to pay for these deposits, the loss or gain of one or more clients, client interest in reducing non-interest bearing deposits, the perception of safety of these deposits or short-term obligations relative to alternative short-term investments available to our clients, including the capital markets, and the classification of certain deposits for regulatory purposes and related discussions we may have from time to time with clients regarding better balancing our clients' cash management needs with our economic and regulatory objectives.
the parent company is a non-operating holding company and generally maintains only limited cash and other liquid resources at any time primarily to meet anticipated near-term obligations. to effectively manage our liquidity we routinely transfer assets among affiliated entities, subsidiaries and branches. internal or external factors, such as regulatory requirements and standards, including resolution planning and restrictions on dividend distributions, influence our liquidity management and may limit our ability to effectively transfer liquidity internally which could, among other things, restrict our ability to fund operations, dividends or stock repurchases or pay interest on debt securities or require us to seek external and potentially more costly capital and impact our liquidity position.
in addition, while not obligations of ours, the investment products that we manage for third parties may be exposed to liquidity risks. these products may be funded on a short-term basis or the clients participating in these products may have a right to the return of cash or assets on limited notice. these business activities include, among others, securities finance collateral pools, money market and other short-term investment funds and liquidity facilities utilized in connection with municipal bond programs. if clients demand a return of their cash or assets, particularly on limited notice, and these investment pools do not have the liquidity to support those demands, we could be forced to sell investment securities held by these asset pools at unfavorable prices, damaging our reputation as a service provider and potentially exposing us to claims related to our management of the pools.
the availability and cost of credit in short-term markets are highly dependent on the markets' perception of our liquidity and creditworthiness. our efforts to monitor and manage our liquidity risk, including on an intra-day basis, may not be successful or sufficient to deal with dramatic or unanticipated changes in the global securities markets or other event-driven reductions in liquidity. as a result of such events, among other things, our cost of funds may increase, thereby reducing our nii, or we may need to dispose of a portion of our investment securities portfolio, which, depending on market conditions, could result in a loss from such sales of investment securities being recorded in our consolidated statement of income.
state street corporation | 35
we may need to raise additional capital or debt in the future, which may not be available to us or may only be available on unfavorable terms.
we may need to raise additional capital or debt in order to maintain our credit ratings, in response to regulatory changes, including capital rules, or for other purposes, including financing acquisitions and joint ventures. for example, in march 2021 and november 2021, we issued additional long-term debt in order to maintain levels to satisfy internal and regulatory requirements, and in september 2021, we issued common stock to finance our acquisition of the bbh investor services business.
however, our ability to access the capital markets, if needed, on a timely basis or at all will depend on a number of factors, such as the state of the financial markets and securities law requirements and standards. in the event of rising interest rates, disruptions in financial markets, negative perceptions of our business or our financial strength, or other factors that would increase our cost of borrowing, we cannot be sure of our ability to raise additional capital or debt, if needed, on terms acceptable to us. any diminished ability to raise additional capital or debt, if needed, could adversely affect our business and our ability to implement our business plan, capital plan and strategic goals, including the financing of acquisitions and joint ventures and our efforts to maintain regulatory compliance.
any downgrades in our credit ratings, or an actual or perceived reduction in our financial strength, could adversely affect our borrowing costs, capital costs and liquidity position and cause reputational harm.
major independent rating agencies publish credit ratings for our debt obligations based on their evaluation of a number of factors, some of which relate to our performance and other corporate developments, including financings, acquisitions and joint ventures, and some of which relate to general industry conditions. we anticipate that the rating agencies will continue to review our ratings regularly based on our consolidated results of operations and developments in our businesses, including regulatory considerations such as resolution planning. one or more of the major independent credit rating agencies have in the past downgraded, and may in the future downgrade, our credit ratings, or have negatively revised their outlook for our credit ratings. the current market and regulatory environment and our exposure to financial institutions and other counterparties, including sovereign entities, increase the risk that we may not maintain our current ratings, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to maintain our current credit ratings. downgrades in our credit ratings may adversely affect our borrowing costs, our capital costs and our ability to raise capital and, in turn, our liquidity. a failure to maintain an acceptable credit rating may also preclude us from being competitive in various products.
additionally, our counterparties, as well as our clients, rely on our financial strength and stability and evaluate the risks of doing business with us. if we experience diminished financial strength or stability, actual or perceived, due to the effects of market or regulatory developments, announced or rumored business developments, consolidated results of operations, a decline in our stock price or a downgrade to our credit rating, our counterparties may be less willing to enter into transactions, secured or unsecured, with us, our clients may reduce or place limits on the level of service we provide to them or seek to transfer the business, in whole or in part, to other service providers or our prospective clients may select other service providers. any, or all of these may have adverse effects on our business and reputation.
the risk that we may be perceived as less creditworthy than other market participants is higher as a result of recent market developments, which include an environment in which the consolidation, and in some instances failure, of financial institutions, including major global financial institutions, has resulted in a smaller number of much larger counterparties and competitors. if our counterparties perceive us to be a less viable counterparty, our ability to enter into financial transactions on terms acceptable to us or our clients, on our or our clients' behalf, will be materially compromised. if our clients reduce their deposits with us or select other service providers for all or a portion of the services we provide to them, our revenues will decrease accordingly.
compliance and regulatory risks our business and capital-related activities, including our ability to return capital to shareholders and repurchase our capital stock, may be adversely affected by our implementation of regulatory capital and liquidity standards that we must meet or as a result of regulatory capital stress testing.
basel iii and dodd-frank act we are required to calculate our risk-based capital ratios under both the basel iii advanced approaches and the basel iii standardized approach, and we are subject to the more stringent of the risk-based capital ratios calculated under the advanced approaches and those calculated under the standardized approach in the assessment of our capital adequacy.
in implementing various aspects of these capital regulations, we are making interpretations of the regulatory intent. the federal reserve may determine that we are not in compliance with the state street corporation | 36
capital rules and may require us to take actions to come into compliance that could adversely affect our business operations, our regulatory capital structure, our capital ratios or our financial performance, or otherwise restrict our growth plans or strategies. in addition, banking regulators could change the basel iii rule or their interpretations as they apply to us, including changes to these standards or interpretations made in regulations implementing provisions of the dodd-frank act, which could adversely affect us and our ability to comply with the basel iii rule.
along with the basel iii rule, banking regulators also introduced additional requirements, such as the slr, lcr and the nsfr, each of which presents compliance risks.
for example, these regulatory requirements could have a material effect on our business activities, including the management and composition of our investment securities portfolio and our ability to extend credit through committed facilities, loans to our clients or our principal securities lending activities as the structure of our balance sheet changes. in addition, further capital and liquidity requirements are being implemented or are under consideration by u.s. and international banking regulators. any of these rules, or any additional regulatory initiatives introduced under the current administration, could have a material effect on our capital and liquidity planning and related activities, including the management and composition of our investment securities portfolio and our ability to extend committed contingent credit facilities to our clients. the full effects of these rules, and of other regulatory initiatives related to capital or liquidity, on us and state street bank are subject to further regulatory guidance, action or rule-making.
systemic importance as a g-sib, we are generally subject to the most stringent provisions under the basel iii rule. for example, we are subject to the federal reserve's rules on the implementation of capital surcharges for u.s. g-sibs, and on tlac, ltd and clean holding company requirements for u.s. g-sibs which we refer to as the "tlac rule". for additional information on these requirements, refer to the "regulatory capital adequacy and liquidity standards" section under "supervision and regulation" in business in this form 10-k.
not all of our competitors have similarly been designated as systemically important nor are all of them subject to the same degree of regulation as a bank or financial holding company, and therefore some of our competitors are not subject to the same additional capital requirements.
supervisory stress testing and capital planning we are required by the federal reserve to conduct periodic stress testing of our business operations and to develop an annual capital plan and are subject to supervisory stress testing, all as part of the federal reserve's stress testing and capital planning processes. the stress testing and capital planning processes, the severity and other characteristics of which may evolve from year-to-year, are used by the federal reserve to evaluate our management of capital and the adequacy of our regulatory capital and to determine the scb that we must maintain above our minimum regulatory capital requirements in order for us to make capital distributions and discretionary bonuses without limitation. the results of the supervisory stress testing process are difficult to predict due, among other things, to the federal reserve's use of proprietary stress models that differ from our internal models. the results of the federal reserve's supervisory stress tests may result in an increase in our scb requirement. the amounts of the planned capital actions in our capital plan in any year, including stock repurchases and dividends, may be substantially reduced from the amounts included in prior capital plans. these reductions may reflect changes in one or more different factors, including our business prospects and related capital needs, our capital position, proposed acquisitions or other uses of capital, the models used in our capital planning process, the supervisory models used by the federal reserve to stress our balance sheet, the federal reserve's hypothetical economic scenarios for the supervisory stress testing process, the federal reserve's stress testing instructions and the federal reserve's supervisory expectations for the capital planning process. any of these potential events could require us, as applicable, to revise our stress-testing or capital-management approaches, resubmit our capital plan or postpone, cancel or alter our planned capital actions. in addition, changes in our business strategy, merger or acquisition activity or uses of capital could result in a change in our capital plan and its associated capital actions, and may require us to resubmit our capital plan to the federal reserve, which could prompt the federal reserve to recalculate our scb requirement. we are also subject to asset quality reviews and stress testing by the ecb and in the future we may be subject to similar reviews and testing by other regulators.
our implementation of capital and liquidity requirements may not be approved or may be objected to by the federal reserve, and the federal reserve may impose capital requirements in excess of our expectations or require us to maintain levels of liquidity that are higher than we may expect and which may adversely affect our consolidated revenues. in the event that our implementation of capital and liquidity requirements under regulatory initiatives or our current capital structure are determined not to conform with current and future state street corporation | 37
capital requirements, our ability to deploy capital in the operation of our business or our ability to distribute capital to shareholders or to repurchase our capital stock may be constrained, and our business may be adversely affected. in addition, we may choose to forgo business opportunities, due to their impact on our capital plan or stress tests, including our scb requirement. likewise, in the event that regulators in other jurisdictions in which we have banking subsidiaries determine that our capital or liquidity levels do not conform with current and future regulatory requirements, our ability to deploy capital, our levels of liquidity or our business operations in those jurisdictions may be adversely affected.
for additional information about the above matters, refer to "regulatory capital adequacy and liquidity standards" section under "supervision and regulation" in business and "capital" section under "financial condition" in our management's discussion and analysis in this form 10-k.
we face extensive and changing government regulation in the u.s. and in non-u.s. jurisdictions in which we operate, which may increase our costs and expose us to risks related to compliance.
most of our businesses are subject to extensive regulation by multiple regulatory bodies, and many of the clients to which we provide services are themselves subject to a broad range of regulatory requirements. these regulations may affect the scope of, and the manner and terms of delivery of, our services. for example, potential changes in the regulation of money market funds have the potential to alter the marketplace for and increase the complexity and costs of providing services to, those funds. as a financial institution with substantial international operations, we are subject to extensive regulation and supervisory oversight, both inside and outside of the u.s. this regulation and supervisory oversight affects, among other things, the scope of our activities and client services, our capital and organizational structure, our ability to fund the operations of our subsidiaries, our lending practices, our dividend policy, our common share repurchase actions, the manner in which we market our services, our acquisition activities and our interactions with foreign regulatory agencies and officials.
in particular, we are registered with the federal reserve as a bank holding company pursuant to the bank holding company act of 1956. the bank holding company act generally limits the activities in which we and our non-banking subsidiaries may engage to managing or controlling banks and to activities considered to be closely related to banking. as a bank holding company that has elected to be treated as a financial holding company under the bank holding company act, we and some of our non-
banking subsidiaries may also engage in a broader range of activities considered to be "financial in nature." financial holding company status may be denied if we and our banking subsidiaries do not remain well capitalized and well managed or fail to comply with community reinvestment act obligations. currently, under the bank holding company act, we may not be able to engage in new activities or acquire shares or control of other businesses.
we are unable to predict what, if any, changes to the regulatory environment may be enacted by congress, both chambers of which are under democratic control, or the presidential administration and what the impact of any such changes will be on our results of operations or financial condition, including increased expenses or changes in the demand for our services or our ability to engage in transactions to expand our business, or on the u.s.-domestic or global economies or financial markets.
moreover, the current presidential administration is expected to make certain changes in the leadership and senior staffs of the federal banking agencies. such changes are likely to impact the rulemaking, supervision, examination and enforcement priorities and policies of the agencies. in addition, changes in key personnel at the agencies that regulate such banking organizations, including the federal banking agencies, may result in differing interpretations of existing rules and guidelines and potentially more stringent enforcement and more severe penalties than previously. the potential impact of any changes in agency personnel, policies, priorities and interpretations on the financial services sector, including us, cannot be predicted at this time.
we expect that our business will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision. several other aspects of the regulatory environment in which we operate, and related risks, are discussed below. additional information is provided under "supervision and regulation" in business in this form 10-k.
resolution planning we are required to periodically submit a plan for rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure commonly referred to as a resolution plan or a living will to the federal reserve and the fdic under section 165(d) of the dodd-frank act. through resolution planning, we seek, in the event of insolvency, to maintain state street bank's role as a key infrastructure provider within the financial system, while minimizing risk to the financial system and maximizing value for the benefit of our stakeholders. significant management attention and resources are devoted in an effort to meet regulatory expectations with respect to resolution planning.
state street corporation | 38
in the event of material financial distress or failure, our preferred resolution strategy is the spoe strategy. our resolution plan, including our implementation of the spoe strategy with a secured support agreement, may result in significant risks, including that: (1) the spoe strategy and the obligations under the related secured support agreement may result in the recapitalization of and/or provision of liquidity to state street bank and our other material entities and the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings by the parent company at an earlier stage of financial stress than might otherwise occur without such mechanisms in place; (2) as an expected effect of the spoe strategy, together with applicable tlac regulatory requirements, our losses will be imposed on parent company shareholders and the holders of long-term debt and other forms of tlac securities currently outstanding or issued in the future by the parent company, as well as on any other parent company creditors, before any of our losses are imposed on the holders of the debt securities of state street bank or certain of the parent company's other operating subsidiaries or any of their depositors or creditors and before u.s. taxpayers are put at risk; (3) there can be no assurance that there would be sufficient recapitalization resources available to ensure that state street bank and our other material entities are adequately capitalized following the triggering of the requirements to provide capital and/or liquidity under the secured support agreement; and (4) there can be no assurance that credit rating agencies, in response to our resolution plan or the secured support agreement, will not downgrade, place on negative watch or change their outlook on our debt credit ratings, generally or on specific debt securities. additional information about the spoe strategy, including related risks, is provided under "recovery and resolution planning" in business in this form 10-k.
systemic importance our qualification in the u.s. as a sifi, and our designation by the financial stability board as a g-sib, to which certain regulatory capital surcharges may apply, subjects us to incrementally higher capital and prudential requirements, increased scrutiny of our activities and potential additional regulatory requirements or heightened regulatory expectations as compared to those applicable to some of the financial institutions with which we compete as a custodian or asset manager. this qualification and designation also has significantly increased, and may continue to increase, our expenses associated with regulatory compliance, including personnel and systems, as well as implementation and related costs to enhance our programs.
global and non-u.s. regulatory requirements the breadth of our business activities, together with the scope of our global operations and varying business practices in relevant jurisdictions, increase the complexity and costs of meeting our regulatory compliance obligations, including in areas that are receiving significant regulatory scrutiny. we are, therefore, subject to related risks of non-compliance, including fines, penalties, lawsuits, regulatory sanctions, difficulties in obtaining governmental approvals, limitations on our business activities or reputational harm, any of which may be significant. for example, the global nature of our client base requires us to comply with complex laws and regulations of multiple jurisdictions relating to economic sanctions and money laundering. in addition, we are required to comply not only with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, but also with the applicable anti-corruption laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate. further, our global operating model requires that we comply with information security, resiliency and outsourcing oversight requirements, including with respect to affiliated entities, of multiple jurisdictions and enable our clients to comply with information security, resiliency and outsourcing oversight requirements imposed upon them. regulatory scrutiny of compliance with these and other laws and regulations is increasing and may, in some respects, impede the implementation of our global operating model that is central to both delivery of client service requirements and cost efficiency. we sometimes face inconsistent laws and regulations across the various jurisdictions in which we operate. the evolving regulatory landscape may interfere with our ability to conduct our operations, with our pursuit of a common global operating model or with our ability to compete effectively with other financial institutions operating in those jurisdictions or which may be subject to different regulatory requirements than apply to us. in particular, non-u.s. regulations and initiatives that may be inconsistent or conflict with current or proposed regulations in the u.s. could create increased compliance and other costs that would adversely affect our business, operations or profitability. geopolitical events also have the potential to increase the complexity and cost of regulatory compliance.
in addition to u.s. regulatory initiatives, we are further affected by non-u.s. regulatory initiatives, including the implementation of the basel prudential framework and the european commission's investment firm review and central securities depositories regulation, as well as proposals for amending the aifm directive and under the capital markets union action plan. recent, proposed or potential regulations in the u.s. and e.u. with respect to short-term wholesale funding, such as repurchase agreements or securities lending, or other non-bank state street corporation | 39
finance activities, could also adversely affect not only our own operations but also the operations of the clients to which we provide services. concerns regarding the liquidity and valuation of prime money market funds and similar products, as well as potential related regulation, may adversely impact the cash management products we offer. in addition, anti-competitive, voting power, governance and other concerns with passive investment strategies continue to be the subject of legislative and regulatory debate which could significantly impact both our asset management business and the clients that we service.
consequences of regulatory environment and compliance risks domestic and international regulatory reform could limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, increase our regulatory capital requirements, alter the risk profile of certain of our core activities and impose additional costs on us, otherwise adversely affect our business, our consolidated results of operations or financial condition and have other negative consequences, including, a reduction of our credit ratings. different countries may respond to the market and economic environment in different and potentially conflicting manners, which could increase the cost of compliance for us.
the evolving regulatory environment, including changes to existing regulations and the introduction of new regulations, may also contribute to decisions we may make to suspend, reduce or withdraw from existing businesses, activities, markets or initiatives. in addition to potential lost revenue associated with any such suspensions, reductions or withdrawals, any such suspensions, reductions or withdrawals may result in significant restructuring or related costs or exposures.
if we do not comply with governmental regulations, we may be subject to fines, penalties, lawsuits, delays, or difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals or restrictions on our business activities or harm to our reputation, which may significantly and adversely affect our business operations and, in turn, our consolidated results of operations. the willingness of regulatory authorities to impose meaningful sanctions, and the level of fines and penalties imposed in connection with regulatory violations, have increased substantially since the 2008 financial crisis. regulatory agencies may, at times, limit our ability to disclose their findings, related actions or remedial measures. similarly, many of our clients are subject to significant regulatory requirements and retain our services in order for us to assist them in complying with those legal requirements. changes in these regulations can significantly affect the services that we are asked to provide, as well as our costs.
adverse publicity and damage to our reputation arising from the failure or perceived failure to comply with legal, regulatory or contractual requirements could affect our ability to attract and retain clients. if we cause clients to fail to comply with any regulatory requirements, we may be liable to them for losses and expenses that they incur. in recent years, regulatory oversight and enforcement have increased substantially, imposing additional costs and increasing the potential risks associated with our operations. if this regulatory trend continues, it could continue to adversely affect our operations and, in turn, our consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
for additional information, see the risk factor "our businesses may be adversely affected by government enforcement and litigation."
we are subject to enhanced external oversight as a result of certain agreements entered into in connection with the resolution of prior regulatory or governmental matters.
in connection with the resolution of certain proceedings relating to our having charged six clients of our transition management business during 2010 and 2011 amounts in excess of the contractual terms, in january 2017, we entered into a deferred prosecution agreement with the department of justice and the united states attorney for the doj under which we agreed to retain an independent compliance and ethics monitor for a term which has now been extended to 2022 (subject to further extension) to, among other things, review and monitor the effectiveness of our compliance controls and business ethics and make related recommendations, and in september 2017, we entered into a settlement agreement with the sec that also requires us to retain an independent ethics and compliance consultant. in connection with the resolution of certain proceedings relating to our announcement in 2015 that we had incorrectly invoiced clients for certain expenses, in may 2021, we entered into a deferred prosecution agreement with the office of the united states attorney for the district of massachusetts under which we agreed to retain an independent compliance monitor for a term of up to two years and comply with other requirements including cooperation with the government. responding to the monitor's requests entails significant cost and management attention and we are, in general, required to implement remediation plans to address any of the monitor's recommendations. these recommendations may require substantial cost and effort to remediate and, even when consistent with our own control enhancement objectives, may reflect differences in approach, timing and cost than we may independently intend. under the deferred prosecution agreements we also have a heightened obligation state street corporation | 40
promptly to report issues involving potential or alleged fraudulent activities to the doj.
as a result of the enhanced inspections and monitoring activities to which we are subject under these agreements, governmental authorities may identify areas in which we may need to take actions, which may be significant, to enhance our regulatory compliance or risk management practices. such remedial actions may entail significant cost, management attention, and systems development and such efforts may affect our ability to expand our business until such remedial actions are completed. these actions may be in addition to remedial measures required by the federal reserve and other financial regulators following examinations as a result of increased prudential expectations regarding our compliance programs, culture and risk management. our failure to implement enhanced compliance and risk management procedures in a manner and in a time frame deemed to be responsive by the applicable regulatory authority could adversely impact our relationship with such regulatory authority and could lead to restrictions on our activities or other sanctions. moreover, the identification of new or additional facts and circumstances suggesting inappropriate or non-compliant conduct, whether identified by us, the monitor or a regulatory authority, in the course of an inspection, or independently by us could lead to new governmental proceedings or the re-opening of matters that were previously resolved. the presence of the monitor, as well as governmental programs rewarding whistleblowing, may also increase the instances of current or former employees alleging that certain practices are inconsistent with our legal or regulatory obligations.
our businesses may be adversely affected by government enforcement and litigation.
the businesses in which we operate are highly-regulated and subject to extensive external scrutiny that may be directed generally to participants in the businesses or markets in which we are involved or may be specifically directed at us, including as a result of whistleblower and qui tam claims. in the course of our business, we are frequently subject to various regulatory, governmental and law enforcement inquiries, investigative demands and subpoenas, and from time to time, our clients, or the government on its own behalf or on behalf of our clients or others, make claims and take legal action relating to, among other things, our performance of our fiduciary, contractual or regulatory responsibilities. often, the announcement of any such matters, or of any settlement of a claim or action, whether it involves us or others in our industry, may spur the initiation of similar claims by other clients or governmental parties. regulatory authorities have, and are likely to continue to, initiate cross industry reviews when a material issue is identified at a financial institution. such inquiries involve costs and management time and may lead to proceedings relating to our own activities.
regardless of the outcome of any governmental enforcement or litigation matter, responding to such matters is time-consuming and expensive and can divert the attention of senior management. governmental enforcement and litigation matters can involve claims for disgorgement, demands for substantial monetary damages, the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, and the imposition of remedial sanctions or other required changes in our business practices, any of which could result in increased expenses, loss of client demand for our products or services, or harm to our reputation. the exposure associated with any proceedings that may be threatened, commenced or filed against us could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations for the period in which we establish a reserve with respect to such potential liability or upon our reputation. in government settlements since the 2008 financial crisis, the fines imposed by authorities have increased substantially and may exceed in some cases the profit earned or harm caused by the regulatory or other breach. for example, in 2021, we paid a $115 million penalty to the office of the united sates attorney for the district of massachusetts to resolve potential criminal claims arising from the invoicing matter. in addition, in connection with the resolution of the transition management matter, we agreed to pay a fine of £22.9 million (approximately $37.8 million) to the u.k. fca in 2014 and fines of $32.3 million to each of the doj and the sec in 2017. as a further example, we paid an aggregate of $575 million in 2016 to resolve a series of investigations and governmental and private claims alleging that our indirect foreign exchange rates prior to 2008 were not adequately disclosed or were otherwise improper. these matters have also resulted in regulatory focus on the manner in which we charge clients and related disclosures. this focus may lead to increased and prolonged governmental inquiries and client, qui tam and whistleblower claims associated with the amount and disclosure of compensation we receive for our products and services.
moreover, u.s. and certain international governmental authorities have increasingly brought criminal actions against financial institutions, and criminal prosecutors have increasingly sought and obtained criminal guilty pleas, deferred prosecution agreements or other criminal sanctions from financial institutions. for example, in 2017 we entered into a deferred prosecution agreement with the u.s. department of justice in connection with the resolution of the transition management matter and in may 2021, we entered into a deferred prosecution agreement with the office of the united states state street corporation | 41
attorney for the district of massachusetts in connection with the invoicing matter and such agreement could increase the likelihood that governmental authorities will seek criminal sanctions against us in pending proceedings or future litigation legal proceedings. see the risk factor "we are subject to various legal proceedings relating to the manner in which we have invoiced certain expenses, and the outcome of such proceedings could materially adversely affect our results of operations, or harm our business or reputation." government authorities may also pursue criminal claims against current or former employees, and these matters can, among other things, involve continuing reputational harm to us. for example, four of our former employees were indicted by u.s. prosecutors on charges of criminal conspiracy in connection with their involvement in the transition management matter. two of these individuals pled guilty, and a third was convicted in 2018.
in many cases, we are required or may choose to report inappropriate or non-compliant conduct to the authorities, and our failure or delay to do so may represent an independent regulatory violation or be treated as an indication of non-cooperation with governmental authorities. even when we promptly report a matter, we may nonetheless experience regulatory fines, liabilities to clients, harm to our reputation or other adverse effects. moreover, our settlement or other resolution of any matter with any one or more regulators or other applicable party may not forestall other regulators or parties in the same or other jurisdictions from pursuing a claim or other action against us with respect to the same or a similar matter.
for more information about current contingencies relating to legal proceedings, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k. the resolution of certain pending or potential legal or regulatory matters could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations for the period in which the relevant matter is resolved or an accrual is determined to be required, on our consolidated financial condition or on our reputation.
in view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of legal and regulatory matters, we cannot provide assurance as to the outcome of any pending or potential matter or, if determined adversely against us, the costs associated with any such matter, particularly where the claimant seeks very large or indeterminate damages or where the matter presents novel legal theories, involves a large number of parties, involves the discretion of governmental authorities in seeking sanctions or negotiated resolution or is at a preliminary stage. we may be unable to accurately estimate our exposure to the risks of legal and regulatory contingencies when we record reserves for probable and estimable loss contingencies. as a result, any reserves we establish may not be sufficient to cover our actual financial exposure. similarly, our estimates of the aggregate range of reasonably possible loss for legal and regulatory contingencies are based upon then-available information and are subject to significant judgment and a variety of assumptions and known and unknown uncertainties. the matters underlying the estimated range will change from time to time, and actual results may vary significantly from the estimate at any time.
our efforts to improve our billing processes and practices are ongoing and may result in the identification of additional billing errors.
in 2015, we determined we had incorrectly invoiced some of our investment servicing clients for certain expenses. at that time, we began the process of remediating these errors, improving our billing processes and controls in the asset servicing business and other businesses, and testing these improved billing processes and controls. we are continuing to standardize, enhance, and, where necessary, replace and enhance controls and invest in new billing infrastructure. the objective of this billing transformation program is to obtain greater billing accuracy and timeliness. because of the scale of our business, identifying and remediating all weaknesses and inefficiencies in our billing processes cannot be implemented concurrently. accordingly, the costs to remediate billing errors which may be discovered in that process, would likely be incurred over a period that we are now unable accurately to determine. as we work through this process, we have discovered and may continue to discover areas where we believe our billing processes need improvement, where we believe we have made billing errors with respect to particular customers and categories of fees and expenses, and where we believe billing arrangements between ourselves and particular customers should be clarified. such discoveries may lead to increased expense and decreased revenues, the need to remediate prior billing errors, government investigations, or litigation that may materially impact our business, financial results and reputation.
state street corporation | 42
any theft, loss, damage to or other misappropriation or inadvertent disclosure of, or inappropriate access to, the confidential information we possess could have an adverse impact on our business and could subject us to regulatory actions, litigation and other adverse effects.
our businesses and relationships with clients are dependent on our ability to maintain the confidentiality of our and our clients' trade secrets and other confidential information (including client transactional and holdings data and personal data about our clients, our clients' clients and our employees). unauthorized access, or failure of our controls with respect to granting access to our systems, has in the past occurred and may in the future occur, resulting in theft, loss, damage to or other misappropriation of such information. in addition, our and our vendors' personnel have in the past and may in the future inadvertently or deliberately disclose client or other confidential information. any theft, loss, damage to other misappropriation or inadvertent disclosure of confidential information could have a material adverse impact on our competitive position, our relationships with our clients and our reputation and could subject us to regulatory inquiries, enforcement and fines, civil litigation and possible financial liability or costs. to the extent any of these events involve personal information, the risks of enhanced regulatory scrutiny and the potential financial liabilities are exacerbated, particularly under data protection regulations such as the gdpr.
our calculations of credit, market and operational risk exposures, total rwa and capital ratios for regulatory purposes depend on data inputs, formulae, models, correlations and assumptions that are subject to change over time, which changes, in addition to our consolidated financial results, could materially impact our risk exposures, our total rwa and our capital ratios from period to period.
to calculate our credit, market and operational risk exposures, our total rwa and our capital ratios for regulatory purposes, the basel iii rule involves the use of current and historical data, including our own loss data and similar information from other industry participants, market volatility measures, interest rates and spreads, asset valuations, credit exposures and the creditworthiness of our counterparties. these calculations also involve the use of quantitative formulae, statistical models, historical correlations and significant assumptions. we refer to the data, formulae, models, correlations and assumptions, as well as our related internal processes, as our "advanced systems." while our advanced systems are generally quantitative in nature, significant components involve the exercise of judgment based on, among other factors, our and the financial services industry's evolving experience. any of these judgments or other elements of our advanced systems may not, individually or collectively, precisely represent or calculate the scenarios, circumstances, outputs or other results for which they are designed or intended. collectively, they represent only our estimate of associated risk.
in addition, our advanced systems are subject to update and periodic revalidation in response to changes in our business activities and our historical experiences, forces and events experienced by the market broadly or by individual financial institutions, changes in regulations and regulatory interpretations and other factors, and are also subject to continuing regulatory review and approval. for example, a significant operational loss experienced by another financial institution, even if we do not experience a related loss, could result in a material change in the output of our advanced systems and a corresponding material change in our risk exposures, our total rwa and our capital ratios compared to prior periods. an operational loss that we experience could also result in a material change in our capital requirements for operational risk under the advanced approaches, depending on the severity of the loss event, its characterization among the seven basel-defined uom, and the stability of the distributional approach for a particular uom. this change in our capital requirements could be without direct correlation to the effects of the loss event or the timing of such effects on our results of operations. due to the influence of changes in our advanced systems, whether resulting from changes in data inputs, regulation or regulatory supervision or interpretation, specific to us or more general market, or individual financial institution-specific, activities or experiences, or other updates or factors, we expect that our advanced systems and our credit, market and operational risk exposures, our total rwa and our capital ratios calculated under the basel iii rule will change, and may be volatile, over time, and that those latter changes or volatility could be material as calculated and measured from period to period.
state street corporation | 43
changes in accounting standards may adversely affect our consolidated financial statements.
new accounting standards, or changes to existing accounting standards, resulting both from initiatives of the fasb as well as changes in the interpretation of existing accounting standards potentially could affect our consolidated results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. these changes can materially affect how we record and report our consolidated results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and other financial information. in some cases, we could elect, or be required, to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the revised treatment of certain transactions or activities, and, in some cases, the revision of our consolidated financial statements for prior periods. for additional information regarding changes in accounting standards, refer to the "recent accounting developments" section of note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
changes in tax laws, rules or regulations, challenges to our tax positions with respect to historical transactions, and changes in the composition of our pre-tax earnings may increase our effective tax rate and thus adversely affect our consolidated financial statements.
our businesses can be directly or indirectly affected by new tax legislation, the expiration of existing tax laws or the interpretation of existing tax laws worldwide. the u.s. federal and state governments, including massachusetts, and jurisdictions around the world continue to review proposals to amend tax laws, rules and regulations applicable to our businesses that could have a negative impact on our capital or after-tax earnings. in the normal course of our business, we are subject to review by u.s. and non-u.s. tax authorities. a review by any such authority could result in an increase in our recorded tax liability. in addition to the aforementioned risks, our effective tax rate is dependent on the nature and geographic composition of our pre-tax earnings and could be negatively affected by changes in these factors.
the market transition away from the use of the london interbank offered rate (libor) and other reference rates affected by reference rate reform as interest rate benchmarks may impose additional costs on us and may expose us to increased operational, model and financial risk.
regulators globally have mandated that banks and other regulated financial institutions stop using the london interbank offered rate (libor - a floating benchmark interest rate for each of five major currencies) for all new financial contracts after december 31, 2021, with certain narrow exceptions. legacy libor contracts which remain outstanding after december 31, 2021 must be remediated by market participants ahead of applicable deadlines using various mechanisms, including amendment, refinancing, implementation of industry protocols and fallback rate provisions, and if applicable, remedial legislation at the state or national level. multiple new alternative reference rates and related conventions have been developed for various financial products and national currencies, including for derivatives contracts, loans and cash products.
our failure or inability to timely plan and implement an effective libor transition program to maintain operational and service continuity and to minimize the economic impact for our clients, ourselves and other stakeholders could negatively impact our business and financial performance. those dependencies include, without limitation, libor-based securities and loans held in our investment portfolio, libor-based preferred stock and long-term debt issued by us, and libor-based client fee schedules and deposit pricing. also, to mitigate any potential weaknesses in the underlying models, inadequate assumptions or reliance on poor or inaccurate data, our internal models which support decision making and risk management may require adjustments.
assets held by our customers in the investment portfolios that we service, or in the investment portfolios that we manage for others, may have libor-based terms. as such, we must enhance our processes and systems to account for new alternative reference rates-based instruments and products as they come to market, the transition of existing libor-based instruments to their fallback language, and uncertainty as to how such instruments should be valued where such fallback language is unclear. these process and system requirements could adversely impact our business, which in some instances is dependent on critical inputs from third parties, who themselves must timely adapt to market changes. failure to implement the terms of those instruments in a manner consistent with customer expectations could lead to disputes and operational issues.
failure or perceived failure to adequately manage the libor transition could also affect our ability to attract and retain clients. uncertainty relative to external developments necessary for the market transition away from libor but outside of our control, such as the passage of remedial legislation, could further increase the costs and risks of the transition for us or our subsidiaries.
state street corporation | 44
operational risks our controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented, our risk management policies and procedures may be inadequate, and operational risks could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.
we have in the past failed and may in the future fail to identify and manage risks related to a variety of aspects of our business, including cybersecurity, information technology risk, operational risk and resiliency, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, trading risk, fiduciary risk, legal and compliance risk, liquidity risk and credit risk. we have adopted various controls, procedures, policies and systems to monitor and manage risk. we cannot provide assurance that those controls, procedures, policies and systems are or will be adequate to identify and manage internal and external risks, including risks related to service providers, in our various businesses. the risk of individuals, either employees or contractors, engaging in conduct harmful or misleading to clients or to us, such as consciously circumventing established control mechanisms to exceed trading or investment management limitations, committing fraud or improperly selling products or services to clients, is particularly challenging to manage through a control framework. in addition, we are subject to increased resiliency risk, requiring continuous reinvestment, enhancement and improvement in and of our information technology and operational infrastructure, controls and personnel which may not be effectively or timely deployed or integrated. moreover, the financial and reputational impact of control or conduct failures can be significant. persistent or repeated issues with respect to controls, information technology and operational resiliency or individual conduct have raised and may in the future raise concerns among regulators regarding our culture, governance and control environment. there can be no assurance that our efforts to address such risks will be effective. while we seek to contractually limit our financial exposure to operational risk, the degree of protection that we are able to achieve varies, and our potential exposure may be greater than the revenue we anticipate that we will earn from servicing our clients.
in addition, our businesses and the markets in which we operate are continuously evolving. for example, in 2021, we established state street digital to focus on the development of digital assets and technologies. we will need to make additional investments to develop the operational infrastructure and to enhance our compliance and risk management capabilities to support these businesses, which may increase the operating expenses of such businesses. moreover, we may fail to identify or fully understand the implications of changes in our businesses or the financial markets and fail to adequately or timely enhance our risk framework to address those changes. to the extent that our risk framework is ineffective, either because it fails to keep pace with changes in the financial markets, regulatory or industry requirements, technology and cybersecurity developments, our businesses, our counterparties, clients or service providers or for other reasons, we could incur losses, suffer reputational damage or find ourselves out of compliance with applicable regulatory or contractual mandates or expectations, and subject to regulatory inquiry or action against us.
operational risk is inherent in all of our business activities. as a leading provider of services to institutional investors, we provide a broad array of services, including research, investment management, trading services and investment servicing that expose us to operational risk. in addition, these services generate a broad array of complex and specialized servicing, confidentiality and fiduciary requirements, many of which involve the opportunity for human, systems or process errors. we face the risk that the control policies, procedures and systems we have established to comply with our operational or security requirements will fail, will be inadequate or will become outdated. we also face the potential for loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, employee supervision or monitoring mechanisms, service-provider processes or other systems or controls, which could materially affect our future consolidated results of operations. given the volume and magnitude of transactions we process on a daily basis, operational losses represent a potentially significant financial risk for our business. operational errors that result in us remitting funds to a failing or bankrupt entity may be irreversible, and may subject us to losses.
we may also be subject to disruptions from external events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which could cause delays or disruptions to operational functions, including information processing and financial market settlement functions. in addition, our clients, vendors and counterparties could suffer from such events. should these events affect us, or the clients, vendors or counterparties with which we conduct business, our consolidated results of operations could be negatively affected. when we record balance sheet accruals for probable and estimable loss contingencies related to operational losses, we may be unable to accurately estimate our potential exposure, and any accruals we establish to cover operational losses may not be sufficient to cover our actual financial exposure, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations.
state street corporation | 45
cost shifting to non-u.s. jurisdictions and outsourcing may expose us to increased operational risk and reputational harm and may not result in expected cost savings.
we manage expenses by migrating certain business processes and business support functions to lower-cost geographic locations, such as india, poland and china, and by outsourcing to vendors and joint ventures in various jurisdictions. this effort exposes us to the risk that we may not maintain service quality, control and effective management or business resiliency within these operations during and after transitions. these migrations also involve risks that our outsourcing vendors or joint ventures may not comply with their servicing and other contractual obligations to us, including with respect to indemnification and information security, and to the risk that we may not satisfy applicable regulatory responsibilities regarding the management and oversight of outsourcing providers, joint ventures and other third parties. our geographic footprint also exposes us to the relevant macroeconomic, political, legal and similar risks generally involved in doing business in the jurisdictions in which we establish lower-cost locations or joint ventures or in which our outsourcing vendors locate their operations, particularly in locations where we have a concentration of our operational activities, such as india, poland and china. the increased elements of risk that arise from certain operating processes being conducted in some jurisdictions could lead to an increase in reputational risk. during periods of transition of operations, greater operational risk and client concerns exist with respect to maintaining a high level of service delivery and business continuity. the extent and pace at which we are able to move functions to lower-cost locations, joint ventures and outsourcing providers may also be affected by political, regulatory and client acceptance issues, including with respect to data use, storage and security. such relocation or outsourcing of functions also entails costs, such as technology, real estate and restructuring expenses, which may offset or exceed the expected financial benefits of the relocation or outsourcing. in addition, the financial benefits of lower-cost locations and of outsourcings may diminish over time or could be offset in the event that the u.s. or other jurisdictions impose tax, trade barrier or other measures which seek to discourage the use of lower cost jurisdictions.
any failures of or damage to, attack on or unauthorized access to our information technology systems or facilities or disruptions to our continuous operations, including the systems, facilities or operations of third parties with which we do business, such as resulting from cyber-attacks, could result in significant costs and reputational damage and impacts our ability to conduct our business activities.
our businesses depend on information technology infrastructure, both internal and external, to, among other things, record and process a large volume of increasingly complex transactions and other data, in many currencies, on a daily basis, across numerous and diverse markets and jurisdictions and to maintain that data securely. in recent years, several financial services firms have suffered successful cyber-attacks launched both domestically and from abroad, resulting in the disruption of services to clients, loss or misappropriation of sensitive or private data and reputational harm. we also have been subjected to cyber-attacks, and although we have not to our knowledge suffered a material breach or suspension of our systems, it is possible that we could suffer such a breach or suspension in the future or that we may be unaware of a prior attack. cyber-threats are sophisticated and continually evolving. we may not implement effective systems and other measures to effectively identify, detect, prevent, mitigate, recover from or remediate the full diversity of cyber-threats or improve and adapt such systems and measures as such threats evolve and advance.
a cybersecurity incident, or a failure to protect our technology infrastructure, systems and information and our clients and others' information against cybersecurity threats, could result in the theft, loss, unauthorized access to, disclosure, misuse or alteration of information, system failures or outages or loss of access to information. the expectations of our clients and regulators with respect to the resiliency of our systems and the adequacy of our control environment with respect to such systems has and is expected to increase as the risk of cyber-attacks, which is presently elevated due to the current work-from-home environment, and the consequences of those attacks become more pronounced. we may not be successful in meeting those expectations or in our efforts to identify, detect, prevent, mitigate and respond to such cyber-incidents or for our systems to recover in a manner that does not disrupt our ability to provide services to our clients. the failure to maintain an adequate technology infrastructure and applications with effective cybersecurity controls could impact operations, adversely affect our financial results, result in loss of business, damage our reputation or impact our ability to comply with regulatory obligations, leading to regulatory fines and sanctions. we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify, investigate or remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from cybersecurity threats.
state street corporation | 46
our computer, communications, data processing, networks, backup, business continuity, disaster recovery or other operating, information or technology systems, facilities and activities have suffered and in the future may suffer disruptions or otherwise fail to operate properly or become disabled, overloaded or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which can adversely affect our ability to process transactions, provide services or maintain systems availability, maintain information security, compliance and internal controls or otherwise appropriately conduct our business activities. for example, in addition to cyber-attacks, there could be sudden increases in transaction or data volumes, electrical or telecommunications outages, natural disasters, or employee or contractor error or malfeasance. third parties may also attempt to place individuals within state street or fraudulently induce employees, vendors, clients or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our clients or other parties. any such disruptions or failures may require us, among other things, to reconstruct lost data (which may not be possible), reimburse our clients' costs associated with such disruption or failure, result in loss of client business or damage our information technology infrastructure or systems or those of our clients or other parties. while we have not in the past suffered material harm or other adverse effects from such disruptions or failures, we may not successfully prevent, respond to or recover from such disruptions or failures in the future, and any such disruption or failure could adversely impact our ability to conduct our businesses, damage our reputation and cause losses, potentially materially.
the third parties with which we do business, which facilitate our business activities, to whom we outsource operations or other activities, from whom we receive products or services or with whom we otherwise engage or interact, including financial intermediaries and technology infrastructure and service providers, are also susceptible to the foregoing risks (including the third parties with which they are similarly interconnected or on which they otherwise rely), and our or their business operations and activities have been and may in the future be adversely affected, perhaps materially, by failures, terminations, errors or malfeasance by, or attacks or constraints on, one or more financial, technology, infrastructure or government institutions or intermediaries with whom we or they are interconnected or conduct business.
in particular, we, like other financial services firms, will continue to face increasing cyber-threats, including computer viruses, malicious code, distributed denial of service attacks, phishing attacks, ransomware, hacker attacks, limited availability of services, unauthorized access, information security breaches or employee or contractor error or malfeasance that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of our, our clients' or other parties' confidential, personal, proprietary or other information or otherwise disrupt, compromise or damage our or our clients' or other parties' business assets, operations and activities. these and similar types of threats are occurring globally with greater frequency and intensity, and we may not anticipate or implement effective preventative measures against, or identify and detect one or more, such threats, particularly because the techniques used change frequently or may not be recognized until after they are launched. our status as a g-sib likely increases the risk that we are targeted by such cybersecurity threats. in addition, some of our service offerings, such as data warehousing, may also increase the risk we are, and the consequences of being, so targeted. we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify, investigate or remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from cybersecurity threats. we therefore could experience significant related costs and legal and financial exposures, including lost or constrained ability to provide our services or maintain systems availability to clients, regulatory inquiries, enforcements, actions and fines, litigation, damage to our reputation or property and enhanced competition.
due to our dependence on technology and the important role it plays in our business operations, we are attempting to improve and update our information technology infrastructure, among other things: (1) as some of our systems are approaching the end of their useful life, are redundant or do not share data without reconciliation; (2) to be more efficient, meet increasing client and regulatory security, resiliency and other expectations and support opportunities of growth; and (3) to enhance resiliency and maintain business continuity. updating these systems involves material costs and often involves implementation, integration and security risks, including risks that we may not adequately anticipate the market or technological trends, regulatory expectations or client needs or experience unexpected challenges that could cause financial, reputational and operational harm. failing to properly respond to and invest in changes and advancements in technology can limit our ability to attract and retain clients, prevent us from offering similar products and services as those offered by our competitors, impair our ability to maintain continuous operations, inhibit our ability to meet regulatory requirements and subject us to regulatory inquires.
state street corporation | 47
long-term contracts expose us to pricing and performance risk.
we frequently enter into long-term client servicing contracts in our investment servicing business. these include outsourcing and other core services contracts and can involve information technology development. these arrangements generally set forth our fee schedule for the term of the contract and, absent a change in service requirements, do not permit us to re-price the contract for changes in our costs or for market pricing. the long-term contracts for these relationships require, in some cases, considerable up-front investment by us, including technology and conversion costs, and carry the risk that pricing for the products and services we provide might not prove adequate to generate expected operating margins over the term of the contracts.
the profitability of these contracts is largely a function of our ability to accurately calculate pricing for our services, efficiently assume our contractual responsibilities in a timely manner, control our costs and maintain the relationship with the client for an adequate period of time to recover our up-front investment. our estimate of the profitability of these arrangements can be adversely affected by declines in or inaccurate projections of the assets under the clients' management, whether due to general declines in the securities markets or client-specific issues. in addition, the profitability of these arrangements may be based on our ability to cross-sell additional services to these clients, and we may be unable to do so. in addition, such contracts may permit early termination or reduction in services in the event that certain service levels are not met, which termination or service reduction may result in loss of upfront investment in onboarding the client.
performance risk exists in each contract, given our dependence on successful conversion and implementation onto our own operating platforms of the service activities provided. our failure to meet specified service levels or implementation timelines may also adversely affect our revenue from such arrangements, or permit early termination of the contracts by the client. if the demand for these types of services were to decline, we could see our revenue decline.
our businesses may be negatively affected by adverse publicity or other reputational harm.
our relationship with many of our clients is predicated on our reputation as a fiduciary and a service provider that adheres to the highest standards of ethics, service quality and regulatory compliance, as well as a leading provider of the products and services we offer. adverse publicity, regulatory actions or fines, litigation, operational failures, loss of client opportunities or market share or the failure to meet client expectations or fiduciary or other obligations could materially and adversely affect our reputation, our ability to attract and retain clients or key employees or our sources of funding for the same or other businesses. for example, over the past decade we have experienced adverse publicity with respect to our indirect foreign exchange trading, and this adverse publicity has contributed to a shift of client volume to other foreign exchange execution methods. similarly, governmental actions and reputational issues in our transition management business in the u.k. have adversely affected our transition management revenue and, with criminal convictions or guilty pleas of three of our former employees in 2018 and the deferred prosecution agreement we entered into with the in early 2017 and the related sec settlement, these effects have the potential to continue. the client invoicing matter we announced in late 2015, and the related deferred prosecution agreement entered into in may 2021, have had similar effects. for additional information about these matters, see the risk factor "our businesses may be adversely affected by government enforcement and litigation."
preserving and enhancing our reputation also depends on maintaining systems, procedures and controls that address known risks and regulatory requirements, as well as our ability to timely identify, understand and mitigate additional risks that arise due to changes in our businesses and the marketplaces in which we operate, the regulatory environment and client expectations.
we may not be able to protect our intellectual property, and we are subject to claims of third-party intellectual property rights.
our potential inability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology effectively may allow competitors to duplicate our technology and products and may adversely affect our ability to compete with them. to the extent that we do not protect our intellectual property effectively through patents, maintaining trade secrets or other means in all of the jurisdictions in which we operate or market our products and services, other parties, including former employees, with knowledge of our intellectual property may seek to exploit our intellectual property for their own or others' advantage. in addition, we state street corporation | 48
may infringe on claims of third-party patents, and we may face intellectual property challenges from other parties, including clients or service providers with whom we may engage in the development or implementation of other products, services or solutions or to whose information we may have access for limited permitted purposes but with whom we also compete. the risk of such infringement is enhanced in the current competitive "fintech" environment, particularly with respect to our development of new products and services containing significant technology elements and dependencies, any of which could become the subject of an infringement claim. we may not be successful in defending against any such challenges or in obtaining licenses to avoid or resolve any intellectual property disputes. third-party intellectual rights, valid or not, may also impede our deployment of the full scope of our products and service capabilities in all jurisdictions in which we operate or market our products and services.
the quantitative models we use to manage our business may contain errors that result in inadequate risk assessments, inaccurate valuations or poor business and risk management decisions, and lapses in disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting could occur, any of which could result in material harm.
we use quantitative models to help manage many different aspects of our businesses. as an input to our overall assessment of capital adequacy, we use models to measure the amount of credit risk, market risk, operational risk, interest rate risk and liquidity risk we face. during the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we sometimes use models to measure the value of asset and liability positions for which reliable market prices are not available. we also use models to support many different types of business decisions including trading activities, investment, hedging, asset-and-liability management and whether to change business strategy. we also use artificial intelligence and machine learning models to automate or enhance certain business processes. weaknesses in the underlying model, inadequate model assumptions, normal model limitations, inappropriate model use, weaknesses in model implementation or poor data quality, could result in unanticipated and adverse consequences, including material loss and material non-compliance with regulatory requirements or expectations. because of our widespread usage of models, potential weaknesses in our mrm practices pose an ongoing risk to us.
we also use quantitative models in our risk measurement and may fail to accurately quantify the magnitude of the risks we face. our measurement methodologies rely on many assumptions and historical analyses and correlations. these assumptions may be incorrect, and the historical correlations on which we rely may not continue to be relevant. consequently, the measurements that we make for regulatory purposes may not adequately capture or express the true risk profiles of our businesses. moreover, as businesses and markets evolve, our measurements may not accurately reflect this evolution. while our risk measures may indicate sufficient capitalization, they may underestimate the level of capital necessary to conduct our businesses.
additionally, our disclosure controls and procedures may not be effective in every circumstance, and, similarly, it is possible we may identify a material weakness or significant deficiency in internal control over financial reporting. any such lapses or deficiencies may materially and adversely affect our business and consolidated results of operations or consolidated financial condition, restrict our ability to access the capital markets, require us to expend significant resources to correct the lapses or deficiencies, expose us to regulatory or legal proceedings, subject us to fines, penalties or judgments or harm our reputation.
our reputation and business prospects may be damaged if our clients incur substantial losses in investment pools that we sponsor or manage or are restricted in redeeming their interests in these investment pools.
we manage assets on behalf of clients in several forms, including in collective investment pools, money market funds, securities finance collateral pools, cash collateral and other cash products and short-term investment funds. our management of collective investment pools on behalf of clients exposes us to reputational risk and operational losses. if our clients incur substantial investment losses in these pools, receive redemptions as in-kind distributions rather than in cash, or experience significant under-performance relative to the market or our competitors' products, our reputation could be significantly harmed, which harm could significantly and adversely affect the prospects of our associated business units. because we often implement investment and operational decisions and actions over multiple investment pools to achieve scale, we face the risk that losses, even small losses, may have a significant effect in the aggregate.
state street corporation | 49
within our investment management business, we manage investment pools, such as mutual funds and collective investment funds that generally offer our clients the ability to withdraw their investments on short notice, generally daily or monthly. this feature requires that we manage those pools in a manner that takes into account both maximizing the long-term return on the investment pool and retaining sufficient liquidity to meet reasonably anticipated liquidity requirements of our clients. the importance of maintaining liquidity varies by product type, but it is a particularly important feature in money market funds and other products designed to maintain a constant net asset value of $1.00. in the past, we have imposed restrictions on cash redemptions from the agency lending collateral pools, as the per-unit market value of those funds' assets had declined below the constant $1.00 the funds employ to effect purchase and redemption transactions. both the decline of the funds' net asset value below $1.00 and the imposition of restrictions on redemptions had a significant client, reputational and regulatory impact on us, and the recurrence of such or similar circumstances in the future could adversely impact our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. we have also in the past continued to process purchase and redemption of units of investment products designed to maintain a constant net asset value at $1.00 although the fair market value of the fund's assets were less than $1.00. if in the future we were to continue to process purchases and redemptions from such products at $1.00 when the fair market value of our collateral pools' assets is less than $1.00, we could be exposed to significant liability.
if higher than normal demands for liquidity from our clients were to occur, managing the liquidity requirements of our collective investment pools could become more difficult. if such liquidity problems were to recur, our relationships with our clients may be adversely affected, and, we could, in certain circumstances, be required to consolidate the investment pools into our consolidated statement of condition; levels of redemption activity could increase; and our consolidated results of operations and business prospects could be adversely affected. in addition, if a money market fund that we manage were to have unexpected liquidity demands from investors in the fund that exceeded available liquidity, the fund could be required to sell assets to meet those redemption requirements, and selling the assets held by the fund at a reasonable price, if at all, may then be difficult.
because of the size of the investment pools that we manage, we may not have the financial ability or regulatory authority to support the liquidity or other demands of our clients. any decision by us to provide financial support to an investment pool to support our reputation in circumstances where we are not statutorily or contractually obligated to do so could result in the recognition of significant losses, could adversely affect the regulatory view of our capital levels or plans and could, in some cases, require us to consolidate the investment pools into our consolidated statement of condition. any failure of the pools to meet redemption requests, or under- performance of our pools relative to similar products offered by our competitors, could harm our business and our reputation.
we may incur losses arising from our investments in sponsored investment funds, which could be material to our consolidated results of operations in the periods incurred.
in the normal course of business, we manage various types of sponsored investment funds through state street global advisors. the services we provide to these sponsored investment funds generate management fee revenue, as well as servicing fees from our other businesses. from time to time, we may invest in the funds, which we refer to as seed capital, in order for the funds to establish a performance history for newly launched strategies. these funds may meet the definition of variable interest entities, as defined by u.s. gaap, and if we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary of these funds, we may be required to consolidate these funds in our consolidated financial statements under u.s. gaap. the funds follow specialized investment company accounting rules which prescribe fair value for the underlying investment securities held by the funds.
in the aggregate, we expect any financial losses that we realize over time from these seed investments to be limited to the actual amount invested in the consolidated fund. however, in the event of a fund wind-down, gross gains and losses of the fund may be recognized for financial accounting purposes in different periods during the time the fund is consolidated but not wholly owned. although we expect the actual economic loss to be limited to the amount invested, our losses in any period for financial accounting purposes could exceed the value of our economic interests in the fund and could exceed the value of our initial seed capital investment.
in instances where we are not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the sponsored investment fund, we do not include the funds in our consolidated financial statements. our risk of loss associated with investment in these unconsolidated funds primarily represents our seed capital investment, which could become realized as a result of poor investment performance. however, the amount of loss we may recognize during any period would be limited to the carrying amount of our investment.
state street corporation | 50
climate change may increase the frequency and severity of major weather events and could adversely affect our business operations and resiliency, and related impacts to us, our clients, our counterparties and financial market participants could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
our businesses and the activities of our clients, our counterparties and financial market participants on which we and they rely could be adversely affected by major weather events, changing climate patterns or other disruptions caused by climate change affecting the regions, countries and locations in which we or they have operations or other interests. potential events or disruptions of this nature include significant rainfall, flooding, increased frequency or intensity of wildfires, prolonged drought, rising sea levels and rising heat index. these events or disruptions, alone or in combination, also have the potential to strain or deplete infrastructure and response capabilities with respect to other weather events, such as hurricanes and other storms. the occurrence of any one or more of these events may negatively affect our or our clients', our counterparties' or financial markets participants' (including providers of financial market infrastructure's) facilities, operations or personnel or may otherwise disrupt our or their business activities and resiliency capabilities, including our or their provision of products and services or the value of our or their portfolio investments, perhaps materially. these consequences, including a reduction in asset values affecting the levels of our auc/a or aum and repricing of credit risk of our counterparties or reflected in our portfolio assets, could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
in addition, impacts associated with climate change-related legislative and regulatory initiatives and the transition to a low carbon economy, including meeting new regulatory expectations, retrofitting of assets, purchasing carbon credits or paying carbon taxes, may result in operational changes and additional expenditures that could adversely affect us. our reputation and business prospects may also be damaged if we do not, or are perceived not to, effectively prepare for the potential business and operational opportunities and risks associated with climate change, including through the development and marketing of effective and competitive new products and services designed to address our clients' climate risk-related needs. these risks include negative market perception, diminished sales effectiveness and regulatory and litigation consequences associated with greenwashing claims or driven by association with clients, industries or products that may be inconsistent with our stated positions on climate change issues.
we may incur losses as a result of unforeseen events including terrorist attacks, natural disasters, the emergence of a new pandemic or acts of embezzlement.
acts of terrorism, natural disasters or the emergence of a new pandemic could significantly affect our business. we have instituted disaster recovery and continuity plans to address risks from terrorism, natural disasters and pandemic; however, anticipating or addressing all potential contingencies is not possible for events of this nature. acts of terrorism, either targeted or broad in scope, or natural disasters could damage our physical facilities, harm our employees and disrupt our operations. a pandemic, or concern about a possible pandemic, could lead to operational difficulties and impair our ability to manage our business. acts of terrorism, natural disasters and pandemics could also negatively affect our clients, counterparties and service providers, as well as result in disruptions in general economic activity and the financial markets.
state street corporation | 51
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations general as of december 31, 2021, we had consolidated total assets of $314.62 billion, consolidated total deposits of $255.04 billion, consolidated total shareholders' equity of $27.36 billion and approximately 39,000 employees. we operate in more than 100 geographic markets worldwide, including the u.s., canada, latin america, europe, the middle east and asia.
our operations are organized into two lines of business, investment servicing and investment management, which are defined based on products and services provided. for the description of our lines of business, refer to "lines of business" in item 1 in this form 10-k.
for financial and other information about our lines of business, refer to "line of business information" in this management's discussion and analysis and note 24 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
this management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k. certain previously reported amounts presented in this form 10-k have been reclassified to conform to current-period presentation.
we prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions in its application of certain accounting policies that materially affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue and expenses.
the significant accounting policies that require us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that are difficult, subjective or complex about matters that are uncertain and may change in subsequent periods include:
•accounting for fair value measurements;
•allowance for credit losses;
•impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets; and
•contingencies.
these significant accounting policies require the most subjective or complex judgments, and underlying estimates and assumptions could be subject to revision as new information becomes available. additional information about these significant accounting policies is included under "significant accounting estimates" in this management's discussion and analysis.
certain financial information provided in this form 10-k, including this management's discussion and analysis, is prepared on both a u.s. gaap, or reported basis, and a non-gaap basis, including certain non-gaap measures used in the calculation of identified regulatory ratios. we measure and compare certain financial information on a non-gaap basis, including information that management uses in evaluating our business and activities. non-gaap financial information should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in conformity with u.s. gaap. any non-gaap financial information presented in this form 10-k, including this management's discussion and analysis, is reconciled to its most directly comparable currently applicable regulatory ratio or u.s. gaap-basis measure. we further believe that our presentation of fully taxable-equivalent nii, a non-gaap measure, which reports non-taxable revenue, such as interest income associated with tax-exempt investment securities, on a fully taxable-equivalent basis, facilitates an investor's understanding and analysis of our underlying financial performance and trends.
this management's discussion and analysis contains statements that are considered "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of u.s. securities laws. forward-looking statements include statements about our goals and expectations regarding our business, financial and capital condition, results of operations, strategies, cost savings and transformation initiatives, investment portfolio performance, dividend and stock purchase programs, outcomes of legal proceedings, market growth, acquisitions (including, without limitation, our planned acquisition of brown brothers harriman's investor services business), joint ventures and divestitures, client growth and new technologies, services and opportunities, as well as industry, governmental, regulatory, economic and market trends, initiatives and developments, the business environment and other matters that do not relate strictly to historical facts. these forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially. we undertake no obligation to revise the forward-looking statements contained in this management's discussion and analysis to reflect events after the state street corporation | 57
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations time we file this form 10-k with the sec. additional information about forward-looking statements and related risks and uncertainties is provided in "forward-looking statements", "risk factors summary" and "risk factors" in this form 10-k.
we provide additional disclosures required by applicable bank regulatory standards, including supplemental qualitative and quantitative information with respect to regulatory capital (including market risk associated with our trading activities) and the liquidity coverage ratio, summary results of state street-run stress tests which we conduct under the dodd-frank act and resolution plan disclosures required under the dodd-frank act. these additional disclosures are available on the "investor relations" section of our website under "filings and reports."
in this form 10-k, we reference various information and materials available on our corporate website. we have included our website address in this report as an inactive textual reference only. information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this form 10-k.
we use acronyms and other defined terms for certain business terms and abbreviations, as defined on the acronyms list and glossary in this form 10-k.
overview of financial results table 1: overview of financial results years ended december 31,
(dollars in millions, except per share amounts)                    2021                            2020                            2019
total fee revenue                                          $10,012                          $9,499                          $9,147
net interest income                                          1,905                           2,200                           2,566
total other income                                             110                               4                              43
total revenue                                               12,027                          11,703                          11,756
provision for credit losses(1)                                (33)                              88                              10
total expenses                                               8,889                           8,716                           9,034
income before income tax expense                             3,171                           2,899                           2,712
income tax expense                                             478                             479                             470
net income                                                  $2,693                          $2,420                          $2,242
adjustments to net income:
dividends on preferred stock(2)                             $(119)                          $(162)                          $(232)
earnings allocated to participating securities(3)              (2)                             (1)                             (1)
net income available to common shareholders                 $2,572                          $2,257                          $2,009
earnings per common share:
basic                                                        $7.30                           $6.40                           $5.43
diluted                                                       7.19                            6.32                            5.38
average common shares outstanding (in thousands):
basic                                                      352,565                         352,865                         369,911
diluted                                                    357,962                         357,106                         373,666
cash dividends declared per common share                     $2.18                           $2.08                           $1.98
return on average common equity                               10.7    %                       10.0    %                        9.4    %
pre-tax margin                                                26.4                            24.8                            23.1
return on average assets                                       0.9                             0.9                             1.0
common dividend payout                                        30.3                            32.9                            36.8
average common equity to average total assets                  8.0                             8.3                             9.6
(1) we adopted asu 2016-13, financial instruments-credit losses (asc 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments, on january 1, 2020.
(2) additional information about our preferred stock dividends is provided in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
(3) represents the portion of net income available to common equity allocated to participating securities, composed of unvested and fully vested serp (supplemental executive retirement plans) shares and fully vested deferred director stock awards, which are equity-based awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends, and are considered to participate with the common stock in undistributed earnings.
state street corporation | 58
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following "financial results and highlights" section provides information related to significant events, as well as highlights of our consolidated financial results for the year ended december 31, 2021 presented in table 1: overview of financial results. more detailed information about our consolidated financial results, including the comparison of our financial results for the year ended december 31, 2021 to those for the year ended december 31, 2020, is provided under "consolidated results of operations", "line of business information" and "capital" which follows these sections, as well as in our consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
the comparison of our financial results for the year ended december 31, 2020 to those for the year ended december 31, 2019 is included in our management's discussion and analysis in the annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020 filed with the sec on february 19, 2021.
in this management's discussion and analysis, where we describe the effects of changes in foreign currency translation, those effects are determined by applying applicable weighted average fx rates from the relevant 2020 period to the relevant 2021 period results.
financial results and highlights
•2021 financial performance:
◦eps of $7.19 in 2021 increased 14% compared to $6.32 in 2020.
◦total fee revenue was up 5% in 2021 compared to 2020, including 1% due to currency translation.
◦servicing and management fee revenues were up 7% and 9%, respectively, in 2021 compared to 2020.
◦in 2021, return on equity of 10.7% increased from 10.0% in 2020, primarily due to an increase in net income available to common shareholders. pre-tax margin of 26.4% in 2021 increased from 24.8% in 2020, primarily due to an increase in total revenue.
◦positive operating leverage of 0.8% points in 2021. operating leverage represents the difference between the percentage change in total revenue and the percentage change in total expenses, in each case relative to the prior year period.
◦positive fee operating leverage of 3.4% points in 2021. fee operating leverage represents the difference between the percentage change in total fee revenue and the percentage change in total expenses, in each case relative to the prior year period.
•in september 2021, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the bbh investor services business for $3.5 billion in cash. this announced acquisition is subject to regulatory approvals and the satisfaction or waiver of other closing conditions.
◦we expect to finance the planned acquisition of the bbh investor services business primarily with the proceeds of $1.9 billion from a common stock offering completed in september 2021, a temporary suspension of repurchases of our common stock and with cash on hand.
•during 2021, our business and financial results continued to reflect effects of the covid-19 pandemic:
◦approximately 79% of our employees globally continued to work remotely as of december 31, 2021.
◦we continued to experience high levels of client deposits in 2021 amidst the federal reserve's expansionary monetary policy and growth in auc/a.
revenue
•total revenue increased 3% in 2021 compared to 2020. total fee revenue increased 5% in 2021 compared to 2020, driven by increases across servicing fees, management fees, securities finance and software and processing fees.
•servicing fee revenue increased 7% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to higher average equity market levels, client activity and flows, and net new business, partially offset by normal pricing headwinds.
•management fee revenue increased 9% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to higher average equity market levels and net inflows from etfs, partially offset by a previously reported idiosyncratic institutional client asset reallocation expected to be primarily reflected in 2022, and higher money market fee waivers.
state street corporation | 59
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
▪foreign exchange trading services revenue decreased 11% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to lower fx volatility, as compared to the high levels of volatility experienced in 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by higher client fx volumes.
•securities finance revenue increased 17% in 2021 compared to 2020, reflecting higher client securities loan balances and new business wins in enhanced custody, partially offset by lower spreads.
▪software and processing fees revenue increased 7% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to higher crd revenues.
•nii decreased 13% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to lower investment portfolio yields, partially offset by growth in the investment portfolio and deposits, and higher loan balances.
provision for credit losses
•there was a $33 million release of credit reserves in 2021, compared to an expense of $88 million in 2020, which is primarily driven by observed and expected improvements in both credit quality and economic outlook.
expenses
•total expenses increased 2% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily reflecting the impact of notable items and currency translation. currency translation increased expenses by 1% in 2021 compared to 2020.
notable items
•the impact of notable items in 2021 includes:
◦$53 million gain on the sale of a majority share of our wealth management services (wms) business, recorded in other income;
◦$58 million gain on sale of investment securities related to a one-time transfer of libor and euro interbank offered rate based securities from htm to afs, and the subsequent sale of the majority of those securities in 2021;
◦net repositioning release of approximately $3 million, consisting of $32 million release of previously accrued severance charges, partially offset by $29 million of occupancy charges related to footprint optimization;
◦deferred compensation expense acceleration of approximately
$147 million associated with an amendment of certain outstanding deferred cash incentive compensation awards;
◦acquisition and restructuring costs of approximately $65 million, of which $53 million related to crd and $13 million related to our planned acquisition of the bbh investor services business;
◦net legal and other expenses of approximately $18 million, including $20 million in information systems and communications, $8 million in transaction processing services and $1 million in other expenses, partially offset by a legal accrual release of approximately $11 million associated with a settlement related to the invoicing matter; and
◦costs of $5 million due to the partial redemption of outstanding series f non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock representing the difference between the redemption value and the net carrying value of the preferred stock.
•the impact of notable items in 2020 includes:
◦repositioning charges of approximately $133 million, consisting of $82 million of compensation and employee benefits expenses and $51 million of occupancy costs;
◦acquisition and restructuring costs of approximately $50 million, primarily related to crd;
◦a $9 million accrual release; and
◦costs of $9 million due to the redemption of all outstanding series c non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock representing the difference between the redemption value and the net carrying value of the preferred stock.
state street corporation | 60
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations auc/a and aum
•auc/a of $43.68 trillion increased 13% as of december 31, 2021, compared to december 31, 2020, primarily due to higher market levels, client flows and net new business growth. in 2021, newly announced asset servicing mandates totaled approximately $3.52 trillion, with state street alphasm representing a large proportion of the wins. servicing assets remaining to be installed in future periods totaled approximately $2.80 trillion as of december 31, 2021.
•aum of $4.14 trillion increased 19% as of december 31, 2021, compared to december 31, 2020, primarily due to higher market levels and net inflows, primarily from etfs.
capital
•in 2021, we returned a total of approximately $1.7 billion to our shareholders in the form of common stock dividends paid and share repurchases.
•we declared aggregate common stock dividends of $2.18 per share, totaling $779 million in 2021 compared to $2.08 per share, totaling $734 million in 2020.
•in 2021, we purchased an aggregate of 11.2 million shares of common stock, under share repurchase programs approved by our board, at an average per share cost of $80.00 and an aggregate cost of approximately $900 million.
•in july 2021, our board authorized a common share repurchase plan of up to $3.0 billion of our common stock through the end of 2022; however, as noted above, in connection with our planned acquisition of the bbh investor services business, we did not repurchase any common stock during the third and fourth quarters of 2021. we do not intend to repurchase any common stock during the first quarter of 2022. we intend to resume our common share repurchases during the second quarter of 2022.
•in september 2021, we completed a public offering of approximately 21.7 million shares of our common stock. the offering price was $87.60 per share and net proceeds totaled approximately $1.9 billion. as noted above, we expect to use these net proceeds to finance our planned acquisition of the bbh investor services business.
•our standardized cet1 capital ratio increased to 14.3% as of december 31, 2021, compared to 12.3% as of december 31, 2020, primarily due to higher retained earnings and the issuance of common stock in september 2021. our tier 1 leverage ratio decreased to 6.1% as of december 31, 2021 compared to 6.4% as of december 31, 2020. we expect both our cet1 capital and tier 1 leverage ratios to be at or near the lower end of our target ranges of 10-11% and 5.25-5.75%, respectively, for the first half of 2022, assuming a closing of our planned acquisition of the bbh investor services business during that period and inclusive of the implementation of sa-ccr.
•on march 15, 2021, we redeemed an aggregate of $500 million, or 5,000 of the 7,500 outstanding shares, of our noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, series f, for cash at a redemption price of $100,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share) plus all declared and unpaid dividends.
debt issuances
•on march 3, 2021, we issued $850 million aggregate principal amount of 2.200% senior subordinated notes due 2031.
•on november 18, 2021, we issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 1.684% fixed-to-floating rate senior notes due 2027.
•on february 7, 2022, we issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate senior notes due 2026, $650 million aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate senior notes due 2028 and $550 million aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate senior notes due 2033.
state street corporation | 61
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated results of operations this section discusses our consolidated results of operations for 2021 compared to 2020 and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
total revenue table 2: total revenue years ended december 31,                 % change 2021 vs. 2020                          % change 2020 vs. 2019
(dollars in millions)                                                2021                        2020                        2019
fee revenue:
servicing fees                                                 $5,549                      $5,167                      $5,074                                7         %                                     2         %
management fees                                                 2,053                       1,880                       1,824                                9                                               3
foreign exchange trading services                               1,211                       1,363                       1,058                             (11)                                              29
securities finance                                                416                         356                         471                               17                                            (24)
software and processing fees                                      783                         733                         720                                7                                               2
total fee revenue                                              10,012                       9,499                       9,147                                5                                               4
net interest income:
interest income                                                 1,908                       2,575                       3,941                             (26)                                            (35)
interest expense                                                    3                         375                       1,375                             (99)                                            (73)
net interest income                                             1,905                       2,200                       2,566                             (13)                                            (14)
other income:
gains (losses) related to investment securities, net               57                           4                         (1)                                         nm                                              nm other income                                                       53                           -                          44                                         nm                                              nm total other income                                                110                           4                          43                                         nm                                              nm total revenue                                                 $12,027                     $11,703                     $11,756                                3                                               -
nm not meaningful fee revenue table 2: total revenue, provides the breakout of fee revenue for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. servicing and management fees collectively made up approximately 76%, 74% and 75% of the total fee revenue in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
servicing fee revenue generally, our servicing fee revenues are affected by several factors including changes in market valuations, client activity and asset flows, net new business and the manner in which we price our services. we provide a range of services to clients, including core custody, accounting, reporting and administration, and middle office services. the nature and mix of services provided and the asset classes for which the services are performed affect our servicing fees. the basis for fees will differ across regions and clients.
changes in market valuations our servicing fee revenue is impacted by both our levels and the geographic and product mix of our auc/a. increases or decreases in market valuations have a corresponding impact on the level of our auc/a and servicing fee revenues, though the degree of impact will vary depending on asset types and classes and geography of assets held within our clients' portfolios. for certain asset classes where the valuation process is more complex, including alternative investments, or where our valuation is dependent on third party information, auc/a is reported on a lag, typically one-month. for those asset classes, the impact of market levels on our reported auc/a does not reflect current period-end market levels.
over the five years ended december 31, 2021, we estimate that worldwide market valuations impacted our servicing fee revenues by approximately 3% on average with a range of 0% to 7% annually and approximately 7% and 2% in 2021 and 2020, respectively. see table 3: daily averages, month-end averages and year-end equity indices for selected indices. while the specific indices presented are indicative of general market trends, the asset types and classes relevant to individual client portfolios can and do differ, and the performance of associated relevant indices and of client portfolios can therefore differ from the performance of the indices presented. in addition, our asset classifications may differ from those industry classifications presented.
assuming that all other factors remain constant, including client activity, asset flows and pricing, we estimate, using relevant information as of december 31, 2021 that a 10% increase or decrease in worldwide equity valuations, on a weighted average basis, over the relevant periods for which our servicing fees are calculated, would result in a corresponding change in our total servicing fee revenues, on average and over multiple quarters, state street corporation | 62
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of approximately 3%. we estimate, similarly assuming all other factors remain constant and using relevant information as of december 31, 2021, that changes in worldwide fixed income markets, which on a weighted average basis and over time are typically less volatile than worldwide equity markets, have a significantly smaller impact on our servicing fee revenues on average and over time.
table 3: daily averages, month-end averages and year-end equity indices(1)
daily averages of indices                                                  month-end averages of indices                                                               year-end indices years ended december 31,                                                       years ended december 31,                                                       years ended december 31,
2021                                                           2020               % change       2021                                         2020               % change       2021                                         2020               % change s&amp;p 500®                    4,273                     3,218                        33   %                  4,279                     3,217                        33   %                  4,766                     3,756                        27   %
msci eafe®                      2,289                     1,854                        23                      2,272                     1,841                        23                      2,336                     2,148                         9
msci® emerging markets          1,315                     1,059                        24                      1,303                     1,052                        24                      1,232                     1,291                   (5)
(1) the index names listed in the table are service marks of their respective owners.
table 4: year-end debt indices(1)
as of december 31,
2021                                                                2020                                  % change barclays capital u.s. aggregate bond index®             2,355                     2,392                   (2)       %
barclays capital global aggregate bond index®             532       559                                   (5)
(1) the index names listed in the table are service marks of their respective owners.
client activity and asset flows client activity and asset flows are impacted by the number of transactions we execute on behalf of our clients, including fx settlements, equity and derivative trades, and wire transfer activity, as well as actions by our clients to change the asset class in which their assets are invested. our servicing fee revenues are impacted by a number of factors, including transaction volumes, asset levels and asset classes in which funds are invested, as well as industry trends associated with these client-related activities.
our clients may change the asset classes in which their assets are invested, based on their market outlook, risk acceptance tolerance or other considerations. over the five years ended december 31, 2021, we estimate that client activity and asset flows, together, impacted our servicing fee revenues by approximately 0% on average with a range of (1)% to 2% annually and approximately 0% and 2% in 2021 and 2020, respectively. see table 5: industry asset flows for selected asset flow information. while the asset flows presented are indicative of general market trends, the asset types and classes relevant to individual client portfolios can and do differ, and our flows may differ from those market trends. in addition, our asset classifications may differ from those industry classifications presented.
table 5: industry asset flows years ended december 31,
(in billions)                                                                                2021                            2020
north america - (us domiciled) - morningstar direct market data(1)(2)(3)
long-term funds(4)                                                                    $564.2                         $(88.3)
money market                                                                           423.8                           676.1
exchange-traded fund                                                                   543.4                           271.6
total flows                                                                         $1,531.4                          $859.4
europe - morningstar direct market data(1)(2)(5)
long-term funds(4)                                                                    $801.0                          $414.4
money market                                                                          (56.0)                           283.1
exchange-traded fund                                                                   183.7                           113.7
total flows                                                                           $928.7                          $811.2
(1) industry data is provided for illustrative purposes only. it is not intended to reflect our activity or our clients' activity and is indicative of only segments of the entire industry.
(2) source: morningstar. the data includes long-term mutual funds, etfs and money market funds. mutual fund data represents estimates of net new cash flow, which is new sales minus redemptions combined with net exchanges, while etf data represents net issuance, which is gross issuance less gross redemptions. data for fund of funds, feeder funds and obsolete funds were excluded from the series to prevent double counting. data is from the morningstar direct asset flows database.
(3) the year ended december 31, 2021 data for north america (us domiciled) includes morningstar direct actuals for january 2021 through november 2021 and morningstar direct estimates for december 2021.
(4) the long-term fund flows reported by morningstar direct in north america are composed of us domiciled market flows mainly in equities, allocation and fixed-income asset classes. the long-term fund flows reported by morningstar direct in emea are composed of the european market flows mainly in equities, allocation and fixed-income asset classes.
(5) the year ended december 31, 2021 data for europe is on a rolling twelve month basis for december 2020 through november 2021, sourced by morningstar.
state street corporation | 63
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations net new business over the five years ended december 31, 2021, net new business, which includes business both won and lost, has affected our servicing fee revenues by approximately 1% on average with a range of 0% to 3% annually and approximately 1% and 0% in 2021 and 2020, respectively. gross investment servicing mandates were $3.52 trillion in 2021 and $1.8 trillion per year on average over the past five years. over the five years ended december 31, 2021, gross annual investment servicing mandates ranged from $750 billion to $3.5 trillion.
servicing fee revenue associated with new servicing mandates may vary based on the breadth of services provided, the time required to install the assets, and the types of assets installed.
revenues associated with new mandates are not reflected in our servicing fee revenue until the assets have been installed. our installation timeline, in general, can range from 6 to 36 months, with the average installation timeline being approximately 9 to 12 months over the past 2 years. our more complex installations, including new state street alpha mandates, will generally be on the longer end of that range. with respect to the current asset mandates of approximately $2.80 trillion that are yet to be installed as of december 31, 2021, we expect the conversion will occur over the coming 12 to 24 months.
pricing the industry in which we operate has historically faced pricing pressure, and our servicing fee revenues are also affected by such pressures today. consequently, no assumption should be drawn as to future revenue run rate from announced servicing wins, as the amount of revenue associated with auc/a can vary materially. on average, over the five years ended december 31, 2021, we estimate that pricing pressure with respect to existing clients has impacted our servicing fees by approximately (2)% annually, with the impact ranging from (1)% to (4)% in any given year, and approximately (2)% in both 2021 and 2020. pricing concessions can be a part of a contract renegotiation with a client including terms that may benefit us, such as extending the term of our relationship with the client, expanding the scope of services that we provide or reducing our dependency on manual processes through the standardization of the services we provide. the timing of the impact of additional revenue generated by anticipated additional services, and the amount of revenue generated, may differ from expectations due to the impact of pricing concessions on existing services due to the necessary time required to onboard those new services, the nature of those services and client investment practices and other factors. these same market pressures also impact the fees we negotiate when we win business from new clients.
in order to offset the typical client attrition and normal pricing headwinds, we estimate that we need at least $1.5 trillion of new auc/a per year; although, notwithstanding increases in auc/a, servicing fees remain subject to several factors, including changes in market valuations, client activity and asset flows, the manner in which we price our services, the nature of the assets being serviced and the type of services and the other factors described in this form 10-k.
historically, and based on an indicative sample of revenue, we estimate that approximately 55%, on average, of our servicing fee revenues have been variable due to changes in asset valuations including changes in daily average valuations of auc/a; another 15%, on average, of our servicing fees are impacted by the volume of activity in the funds we serve; and the remaining approximately 30% of our servicing fees tend not to be variable in nature nor impacted by market fluctuations or values.
based on the impact of the above, client activity and asset flows, net new business and pricing, noted drivers of our servicing fee revenue will vary depending on the mix of products and services we provide to our clients. the full impact of changes in market valuations and the volume of activity in the funds may not be fully reflected in our servicing fee revenues in the periods in which the changes occur, particularly in periods of higher volatility.
servicing fees, as presented in table 2: total revenue, increased 7% in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to higher average equity market levels, client activity and flows, and net new business, partially offset by normal pricing headwinds. fx rates impacted servicing fees positively by 1% in 2021 relative to 2020 and 0.4% in 2020 relative to 2019.
servicing fees generated outside the u.s. were approximately 48% of total servicing fees in 2021, compared to approximately 47% in each of 2020 and 2019.
state street corporation | 64
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 6: assets under custody and/or administration by product(1)(2)
(in billions)                              december 31, 2021                      december 31, 2020                      december 31, 2019                                                                                  % change                      % change
2021 vs. 2020                 2020 vs. 2019
collective funds, including etfs             $15,722                                $13,387                                $11,986                                                                                         17      %                     12      %
mutual funds                                  11,575                                  9,810                                  8,316                                                                                         18                            18
pension products                               8,443                                  7,594                                  6,919                                                                                         11                            10
insurance and other products                   7,938                                  8,000                                  7,137                                                                                        (1)                            12
total                                        $43,678                                $38,791                                $34,358                                                                                         13                            13
table 7: assets under custody and/or administration by asset class(2)
(in billions)                              december 31, 2021                      december 31, 2020                      december 31, 2019                                                                                  % change                      % change
2021 vs. 2020                 2020 vs. 2019
equities                                     $25,974                                $21,626                                $19,301                                                                                         20      %                     12      %
fixed-income                                  12,587                                 12,834                                 10,766                                                                                        (2)                            19
short-term and other investments               5,117                                  4,331                                  4,291                                                                                         18                             1
total                                        $43,678                                $38,791                                $34,358                                                                                         13                            13
table 8: assets under custody and/or administration by geography(2)(3)
(in billions)                        december 31, 2021                      december 31, 2020                      december 31, 2019                            % change                            % change
2021 vs. 2020                       2020 vs. 2019
americas                               $32,427                                $28,245                                $25,018                                   15      %                           13      %
europe/middle east/africa                8,599                                  8,101                                  7,325                                    6                                  11
asia/pacific                             2,652                                  2,445                                  2,015                                    8                                  21
total                                  $43,678                                $38,791                                $34,358                                   13                                  13
(1) certain previously reported amounts presented have been reclassified to conform to current-period presentation.
(2) consistent with past practice, auc/a values for certain asset classes are based on a lag, typically one-month.
(3) geographic mix is generally based on the domicile of the entity servicing the funds and is not necessarily representative of the underlying asset mix.
asset servicing mandates newly announced in 2021 totaled approximately $3.52 trillion, with state street alpha representing a large proportion of the wins. servicing assets remaining to be installed in future periods totaled approximately $2.80 trillion as of december 31, 2021, which will be reflected in auc/a in future periods after installation and will generate servicing fee revenue in subsequent periods. the full revenue impact of such mandates will be realized as the assets are installed and additional services are added over that period.
new asset servicing mandates may be subject to completion of definitive agreements, approval of applicable boards and shareholders and customary regulatory approvals. new asset servicing mandates and servicing assets remaining to be installed in future periods exclude certain new business which has been contracted, but for which the client has not yet provided permission to publicly disclose and the expected installation date extends beyond one quarter. these excluded assets, which from time to time may be significant, will be included in new asset servicing mandates and reflected in servicing assets remaining to be installed in the period in which the client provides its permission. servicing mandates and servicing assets remaining to be installed in future periods are presented on a gross basis and therefore also do not include the impact of clients who have notified us during the period of their intent to terminate or reduce their relationship with us, which may from time to time be significant.
with respect to these new servicing mandates, once installed we may provide various services, including accounting, bank loan servicing, compliance reporting and monitoring, custody, depository banking services, fx, fund administration, hedge fund servicing, middle office outsourcing, performance and analytics, private equity administration, real estate administration, securities finance, transfer agency and wealth management services. revenues associated with new servicing mandates may vary based on the breadth of services provided and the timing of installation, and the types of assets.
as a result of a decision to diversify providers, one of our large asset servicing clients has advised us it expects to move a significant portion of its etf assets currently with state street to one or more other providers, pending necessary approvals. we expect to continue as a significant service provider for this client after this transition and for the client to continue to be meaningful to our business. the transition is expected to begin in 2022, but will principally occur in 2023 and 2024. for the year ended december 31, 2021, the fee revenue associated with the transitioning assets represented approximately 1.9% of our total fee revenue. the actual total revenue and income impact of this transition will reflect a range of factors, including potential growth in our continuing business with the client and expense reductions associated with the transition.
state street corporation | 65
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management fee revenue management fees generally are affected by our level of aum, which we report based on month-end valuations. management fees for certain components of managed assets, such as etfs, mutual funds and ucits, are affected by daily average valuations of aum. management fee revenue is more sensitive to market valuations than servicing fee revenue, as a higher proportion of the underlying services provided, and the associated management fees earned, are dependent on equity and fixed-income security valuations. additional factors, such as the relative mix of assets managed, may have a significant effect on our management fee revenue. while certain management fees are directly determined by the values of aum and the investment strategies employed, management fees may reflect other factors, including performance fee arrangements, as well as our relationship pricing for clients. in addition, in a prolonged low-interest rate environment, such as we are currently experiencing, we have waived and may in the future waive certain fees for our clients for money market products.
the impact of state street global advisors gross money market fund fee waivers on total management fee revenue was approximately $80 million in 2021. following the first expected rate hike by the federal reserve, we expect the impact of gross money market fee waivers on our management fees would be largely mitigated in the subsequent quarterly periods.
asset-based management fees for passively managed products, to which our aum is currently primarily weighted, are generally charged at a lower fee on aum than for actively managed products. actively managed products may also include performance fee arrangements which are recorded when the fee is earned, based on predetermined benchmarks associated with the applicable account's performance.
in light of the above, we estimate, using relevant information as of december 31, 2021 and assuming that all other factors remain constant, including the impact of business won and lost and client flows, that:
•a 10% increase or decrease in worldwide equity valuations, on a weighted average basis, over the relevant periods for which our management fees are calculated, would result in a corresponding change in our total management fee revenues, on average and over multiple quarters, of approximately 5%; and
•changes in worldwide fixed income markets, which on a weighted average basis and over time are typically less volatile than worldwide equity markets, will have a significantly smaller impact on our management fee revenues on average and over time.
daily averages, month-end averages and year-end indices demonstrate worldwide changes in equity and debt markets that affect our management fee revenue. year-end indices affect the values of aum as of those dates. see table 3: daily averages, month-end averages and year-end equity indices for selected indices. while the specific indices presented are indicative of general market trends, the asset types and classes relevant to individual client portfolios can and do differ, and the performance of associated relevant indices and of client portfolios can therefore differ from the performance of the indices presented. in addition, our asset classifications may differ from those industry classifications presented.
management fees increased 9% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to higher average equity market levels and net inflows from etfs, partially offset by a previously reported idiosyncratic institutional client asset reallocation expected to be primarily reflected in 2022, and higher money market fee waivers.
management fees generated outside the u.s. were approximately 26% of total management fees in 2021, compared to approximately 26% and 27% in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
state street corporation | 66
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 9: assets under management by asset class and investment approach
(in billions)                                    december 31, 2021                      december 31, 2020                      december 31, 2019                                                                                  % change                      % change
2021 vs. 2020                 2020 vs. 2019
equity:
active                                                 $80                                    $85                                    $90                                                                                        (6)      %                    (6)      %
passive                                              2,594                                  2,086                                  1,900                                                                                         24                            10
total equity(1)                                      2,674                                  2,171                                  1,990                                                                                         23                             9
fixed-income:
active                                                 103                                     90                                     87                                                                                         14                             3
passive                                                520                                    459                                    392                                                                                         13                            17
total fixed-income(1)                                  623                                    549                                    479                                                                                         13                            15
cash(1)(2)                                             368                                    349                                    317                                                                                          5                            10
multi-asset-class solutions:
active                                                  34                                     40                                     41                                                                                       (15)                           (2)
passive                                                188                                    146                                    116                                                                                         29                            26
total multi-asset-class solutions(1)                   222                                    186                                    157                                                                                         19                            18
alternative investments(3):
active                                                  56                                     39                                     30                                                                                         44                            30
passive                                                195                                    173                                    143                                                                                         13                            21
total alternative investments(1)                       251                                    212                                    173                                                                                         18                            23
total                                               $4,138                                 $3,467                                 $3,116                                                                                         19                            11
(1) the implementation of an improved internal data management system for product level data in the first quarter of 2021 resulted in some aum reclassifications between the categories presented for prior periods to align with the current presentation. there was no impact to the total level of reported aum.
(2) includes both floating- and constant-net-asset-value portfolios held in commingled structures or separate accounts.
(3) includes real estate investment trusts, currency and commodities, including spdr® gold shares and spdr® gold minisharessm trust. we are not the investment manager for the spdr® gold shares and spdr®gold minisharessm trust, but act as the marketing agent.
table 10: geographic mix of assets under management(1)
(in billions)                        december 31, 2021                   december 31, 2020                   december 31, 2019                         % change                         % change
2021 vs. 2020                    2020 vs. 2019
north america                           $2,931                              $2,411                              $2,114                                22      %                        14      %
europe/middle east/africa                  592                                 512                                 493                                16                                4
asia/pacific                               615                                 544                                 509                                13                                7
total                                   $4,138                              $3,467                              $3,116                                19                               11
(1)geographic mix is based on client location or fund management location.
.
table 11: exchange - traded funds by asset class(1)
(in billions)                           december 31, 2021                   december 31, 2020                   december 31, 2019                                                                      % change                      % change
2021 vs. 2020                 2020 vs. 2019
alternative investments(2)                    $72                                 $83                                 $56                                                                           (13)      %                     48      %
equity(3)                                     970                                 708                                 617                                                                             37                            15
multi asset                                     1                                   -                                   1                                                                                    nm                            nm fixed-income(3)                               135                                 115                                  94                                                                             17                            22
total exchange-traded funds                $1,178                                $906                                $768                                                                             30                            18
(1) etfs are a component of aum presented in the preceding table.
(2) includes real estate investment trusts, currency and commodities, including spdr® gold shares and spdr® gold minisharessm trust. we are not the investment manager for the spdr® gold shares and spdr®gold minisharessm trust, but act as the marketing agent.
(3) the implementation of an improved internal data management system for product level data in the first quarter of 2021 resulted in some aum reclassifications between the categories presented for prior periods to align with the current presentation. there was no impact to the total level of reported aum.
state street corporation | 67
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 12: activity in assets under management by product category
(in billions)                                      equity(1)                     fixed-income(1)                    cash(1)(2)                     multi-asset-class solutions(1)                   alternative investments(1)(3)                       total balance as of december 31, 2018                 $1,542                              $432                            $280                                        $133                                             $124                              $2,511
long-term institutional flows, net(4)               26                               (6)                               -                                           4                                               14                                  38
exchange-traded fund flows, net                     12                                16                               -                                           -                                                6                                  34
cash fund flows, net                                 -                                 -                              31                                           -                                                -                                  31
total flows, net                                    38                                10                              31                                           4                                               20                                 103
market appreciation (depreciation)                 406                                36                               6                                          20                                               28                                 496
foreign exchange impact                              4                                 1                               -                                           -                                                1                                   6
total market/foreign exchange impact               410                                37                               6                                          20                                               29                                 502
balance as of december 31, 2019                 $1,990                              $479                            $317                                        $157                                             $173                              $3,116
long-term institutional flows, net(4)            (101)                                 4                             (1)                                           9                                             (11)                               (100)
exchange-traded fund flows, net                     12                                16                               -                                           -                                               16                                  44
cash fund flows, net                                 -                                 -                              32                                           -                                                -                                  32
total flows, net                                  (89)                                20                              31                                           9                                                5                                (24)
market appreciation (depreciation)                 241                                42                             (1)                                          18                                               30                                 330
foreign exchange impact                             29                                 8                               2                                           2                                                4                                  45
total market/foreign exchange impact               270                                50                               1                                          20                                               34                                 375
balance as of december 31, 2020                 $2,171                              $549                            $349                                        $186                                             $212                              $3,467
long-term institutional flows, net(4)             (25)                                70                             (2)                                          16                                               10                                  69
exchange-traded fund flows, net                     94                                23                               -                                           -                                             (10)                                 107
cash fund flows, net                                 -                                 -                              20                                           -                                                -                                  20
total flows, net                                    69                                93                              18                                          16                                                -                                 196
market appreciation (depreciation)                 476                               (7)                               2                                          22                                               43                                 536
foreign exchange impact                           (42)                              (12)                             (1)                                         (2)                                              (4)                                (61)
total market/foreign exchange impact               434                              (19)                               1                                          20                                               39                                 475
balance as of december 31, 2021                 $2,674                              $623                            $368                                        $222                                             $251                              $4,138
(1) the implementation of an improved internal data management system for product level data in the first quarter of 2021 resulted in some aum reclassifications between the categories presented for prior periods to align with the current presentation. there was no impact to the total level of reported aum.
(2) includes both floating- and constant-net-asset-value portfolios held in commingled structures or separate accounts.
(3) includes real estate investment trusts, currency and commodities, including spdr® gold shares and spdr® gold minisharessm trust. we are not the investment manager for the spdr® gold shares and spdr®gold minisharessm trust, but act as the marketing agent.
(4) amounts represent long-term portfolios, excluding etfs.
foreign exchange trading services foreign exchange trading services revenue, as presented in table 2: total revenue, decreased 11% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to lower fx volatility, as compared to the high levels of volatility experienced in 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by higher client fx volumes. foreign exchange trading services revenue comprises revenue generated by fx trading and revenue generated by brokerage and other trading services, which made up 67% and 33%, respectively, of foreign exchange trading services revenue in 2021, and 68% and 32%, respectively in 2020. the impact of gross money market fund fee waivers on foreign exchange trading services was $53 million in 2021, compared to $8 million in 2020. this represents a reduction in revenue on the fund connect platform due to the impact of fee waivers by participating money market funds, including state street global advisors funds.
we primarily earn fx trading revenue by acting as a principal market-maker through both "direct sales and trading" and "indirect fx trading."
•direct sales and trading: represent fx transactions at negotiated rates with clients and investment managers that contact our trading desk directly. these principal market-making activities include transactions for funds serviced by third party custodians or prime brokers, as well as those funds under custody with us.
•indirect fx trading: represents fx transactions with clients, for which we are the funds' custodian, or their investment managers, routed to our fx desk through our asset-servicing operation. we execute indirect fx trades as a principal at rates disclosed to our clients.
our fx trading revenue is influenced by multiple factors, including: the volume and type of client fx transactions and related spreads; currency volatility, reflecting market conditions; and our management of exchange rate, interest rate and other market risks associated with our fx activities. the relative impact of these factors on our total fx trading revenues often differs from period to period. for example, assuming all other factors remain constant, increases or decreases in volumes or bid-offer spreads across product mix tend to result in increases or decreases, as the case may be, in client-related fx revenue.
state street corporation | 68
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations our clients that utilize indirect fx trading can, in addition to executing their fx transactions through dealers not affiliated with us, transition from indirect fx trading to either direct sales and trading execution, including our "street fx" service, or to one of our electronic trading platforms. street fx, in which we continue to act as a principal market-maker, enables our clients to define their fx execution strategy and automate the fx trade execution process, both for funds under custody with us as well as those under custody at another bank.
we also earn foreign exchange trading services revenue through "electronic fx services" and "other trading, transition management and brokerage revenue."
•electronic fx services: our clients may choose to execute fx transactions through one of our electronic trading platforms. these transactions generate revenue through a "click" fee.
•other trading, transition management and brokerage revenue: as our clients look to us to enhance and preserve portfolio values, they may choose to utilize our transition or currency management capabilities or transact with our equity trade execution group. these transactions, which are not limited to foreign exchange, generate revenue via commissions charged for trades transacted during the management of these portfolios.
fund connect is another one of our electronic trading platforms: it is a global trading, analytics and cash management tool with access to more than 400 money market funds from leading providers.
securities finance our securities finance business consists of three components:
(1) an agency lending program for state street global advisors managed investment funds with a broad range of investment objectives, which we refer to as the state street global advisors lending funds;
(2) an agency lending program for third-party investment managers and asset owners, which we refer to as the agency lending funds; and
(3) security lending transactions which we enter into as principal, which we refer to as our enhanced custody business.
securities finance revenue earned from our agency lending activities, which is composed of our split of both the spreads related to cash collateral and the fees related to non-cash collateral, is principally a function of the volume of securities on loan, the interest rate spreads and fees earned on the underlying collateral and our share of the fee split.
as principal, our enhanced custody business borrows securities from the lending client or other market participants and then lends such securities to the subsequent borrower, either our client or a broker/dealer. we act as principal when the lending client is unable to, or elects not to, transact directly with the market and execute the transaction and furnish the securities. in our role as principal, we provide support to the transaction through our credit rating. while we source a significant proportion of the securities furnished by us in our role as principal from third parties, we have the ability to source securities through assets under custody from clients who have designated us as an eligible borrower.
securities finance revenue, as presented in table 2: total revenue, increased 17% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily driven by higher client securities loan balances and new business wins in enhanced custody, partially offset by lower spreads.
market influences may continue to affect client demand for securities finance, and as a result our revenue from, and the profitability of, our securities lending activities in future periods. in addition, the constantly evolving regulatory environment, including revised or proposed capital and liquidity standards, interpretations of those standards, and our own balance sheet management activities, may influence modifications to the way in which we deliver our agency lending or enhanced custody businesses, the volume of our securities lending activity and related revenue and profitability in future periods.
software and processing fees software and processing fees revenue includes diverse types of fees and revenue, including fees from software licensing and maintenance, fees from our structured products business and other revenue including equity income from our joint venture investments, market-related adjustments and income associated with certain tax-advantaged investments.
software and processing fees revenue, presented in table 2: total revenue, increased 7% in 2021 compared to 2020 and includes approximately $435 million and $406 million from crd in 2021 and 2020, respectively. crd contributed approximately $13 million and $14 million in brokerage and other trading services within foreign exchange trading services in 2021, and 2020, respectively, and $448 million in total revenue in 2021, compared to $420 million in 2020. the increase in revenue is primarily driven by software as a service (saas) and professional services revenue. in addition, crd revenue with affiliated entities, which is eliminated in our consolidated financial statements, was $62 million and $39 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively.
state street corporation | 69
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations revenue related to the front office solutions provided by crd is primarily driven by the sale of term software licenses and saas, including professional services such as consulting and implementation services, software support and maintenance. approximately 50%-70% of revenue associated with a sale of software to be installed on-premises is recognized at a point in time when the customer benefits from obtaining access to and use of the software license, with the percentage varying based on the length of the contract and other contractual terms. the remainder of revenue for on-premise installations is recognized over the length of the contract as maintenance and other services are provided. upon renewal of an on-premises software contract, the same pattern of revenue recognition is followed with 50%-70% recognized upon renewal and the balance recognized over the term of the contract. revenue for a saas related arrangement, where the customer does not take possession of the software, is recognized over the term of the contract as services are provided. upon renewal of a saas arrangement, revenue continues to be recognized as services are provided under the new contract. as a result of these differences in how portions of crd revenue are accounted for, crd revenue may vary more than other business units quarter to quarter.
amortization of tax advantage investments negatively impacted software and processing fees by approximately $94 million and $88 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively.
in addition, fx and market-related adjustments, which also includes certain fair value adjustments, impacted software and processing fees by approximately $20 million and $26 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively.
additional information about fee revenue is provided under "line of business information" included in this management's discussion and analysis.
net interest income see table 2: total revenue, for the breakout of interest income and interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
nii is defined as interest income earned on interest-earning assets less interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities. interest-earning assets, which principally consist of investment securities, interest-bearing deposits with banks, loans, resale agreements and other liquid assets, are financed primarily by client deposits, short-term borrowings and long-term debt.
nim represents the relationship between annualized fte nii and average total interest-earning assets for the period. it is calculated by dividing fte nii by average interest-earning assets. revenue that is exempt from income taxes, mainly earned from certain investment securities (state and political subdivisions), is adjusted to a fte basis using the u.s. federal and state statutory income tax rates.
nii on an fte basis decreased in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to lower investment portfolio yields, partially offset by growth in the investment portfolio, deposits, and higher loan balances.
investment securities net premium amortization, which is included in interest income, was $556 million in 2021, compared to $575 million in 2020 and $434 million in 2019. the decrease in mbs premium amortization is primarily due to lower prepayments.
interest income related to debt securities is recognized in our consolidated statement of income using the effective interest method, or on a basis approximating a level rate of return over the contractual or estimated life of the security. the rate of return considers any non-refundable fees or costs, as well as purchase premiums or discounts, resulting in amortization or accretion, accordingly. the amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts are adjusted for prepayments when they occur, which primarily impact mortgage-backed securities.
state street corporation | 70
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table presents the investment securities amortizable purchase premium net of discount accretion for the periods indicated:
table 13: investment securities net premium amortization years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                              2020                                                                                2019
(dollars in millions)                                       mbs                       non-mbs                    total(1)                     mbs                         non-mbs                    total(1)                     mbs                         non-mbs                  total(1)
unamortized premiums, net of discounts at period end        $712                      $502                       $1,214                       $1,173                      $736                       $1,909                       $956                      $629                    $1,585
net premium amortization(2)                                 342           214                        556                          399                         176                        575                          275                                    159                       434
(1) the investment securities portfolio duration was 2.9 years in 2021, 3.0 years in 2020 and 2.7 years in 2019.
(2) net of discount accretion on mmlf htm securities.
see table 14: average balances and interest rates - fully taxable-equivalent basis, for the breakout of nii on a fte basis for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
table 14: average balances and interest rates - fully taxable-equivalent basis(1)
years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                                                          2020                                                                                         2019
(dollars in millions; fully taxable-equivalent basis)                                                 average                            interest               rate                               average                            interest                      rate                        average                     interest                    rate balance                     revenue/expense                                                  balance                     revenue/expense                                                  balance                     revenue/
expense interest-bearing deposits with banks(2)                                                          $89,996                            $(15)                       (.02)     %                   $76,588                              $76                           .10   %                   $48,500                         $416                      .86   %
securities purchased under resale agreements(3)                                                    4,193                               27           .63                                         3,452                              126                          3.64                         2,506                          364                    14.54
trading account assets                                                                               752                                -           .01                       878                                                    -                             -       884                                                1                      .11
investment securities:
investment securities available for sale                                                          66,584                              583           .88                                        58,036                              761                          1.31                        51,853                        1,035                     1.98
investment securities held-to-maturity                                                            44,832                              665           1.48                                       42,956                              830                          1.93                        39,915                          974                     2.44
investment securities held-to-maturity purchased under money market liquidity facility               314                                4           1.35                                        8,183                              117                          1.43                             -                            -                        -
total investment securities                                                                      111,730                            1,252           1.12                                      109,175                            1,708                          1.56                        91,768                        2,009                     2.19
loans                                                                                             31,009                              640           2.07                                       27,525                              627                          2.28                        24,073                          775                     3.22
other interest-earning assets                                                                     22,355                               17           .08                                        11,256                               55                           .49                        14,160                          395                     2.79
average total interest-earning assets                                                           $260,035                           $1,921           .74                                      $228,874                           $2,592                          1.13                      $181,891                       $3,960                     2.18
interest-bearing deposits:
u.s.                                                                                            $104,848                              $10           .01                   %                   $87,444                             $114                           .13   %                   $67,547                         $539                      .80   %
non-u.s.(2)(4)                                                                                    82,126                            (273)                       (.33)                          68,806                            (231)                         (.34)                        61,301                          124                      .20
total interest-bearing deposits(4)(5)                                                            186,974                            (263)                       (.14)                         156,250                            (117)                         (.07)                       128,848                          663                      .51
securities sold under repurchase agreements                                                          667                                -                       -                               2,615                                4                           .14                         1,616                           31                     1.90
short-term borrowings under money market liquidity facility                                          315                                4           1.21                                        8,207                              101                          1.22                             -                            -                        -
other short-term borrowings                                                                          788                                2           .21                                         2,226                               18                           .78                         1,524                           21                     1.37
long-term debt                                                                                    13,383                              219           1.64                                       14,371                              312                          2.17                        11,474                          414                     3.61
other interest-bearing liabilities                                                                 5,486                               41           .75                                         3,176                               57                          1.82                         4,103                          246                     6.00
average total interest-bearing liabilities                                                      $207,613                               $3                       -                            $186,845                             $375                           .20                      $147,565                       $1,375                      .93
interest rate spread                                                                                                                                .74                   %                                                                                      .93   %                                                                            1.25   %
net interest income, fully taxable-equivalent basis                                                                                $1,918                                                                                       $2,217                                                                                   $2,585
net interest margin, fully taxable-equivalent basis                                                                                                 .74                   %                                                                                      .97   %                                                                            1.42   %
tax-equivalent adjustment                                                                                                            (13)                                                                                         (17)                                                                                     (19)
net interest income, gaap basis                                                                                                    $1,905                                                                                       $2,200                                                                                   $2,566
(1) rates earned/paid on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities include the impact of hedge activities associated with our asset and liability management activities where applicable.
(2) negative values reflect the interest rate environment outside of the u.s. where central bank rates are below zero for several major currencies.
(3) reflects the impact of balance sheet netting under enforceable netting agreements of approximately $62.15 billion, $100.45 billion and $86.67 billion for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. excluding the impact of netting, the average interest rates would be approximately 0.04%, 0.12% and 0.41% for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(4) average rate includes the impact of fx swap costs of approximately ($68) million, ($63) million and $153 million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. average rates for total interest-bearing deposits excluding the impact of fx swap costs were (0.10)%, (0.03)% and 0.40% for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(5) total deposits averaged $235.40 billion, $193.23 billion and $158.26 billion for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
state street corporation | 71
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations changes in the components of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities are discussed in more detail below. additional information about the components of interest income and interest expense is provided in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
average total interest-earning assets were $260.04 billion in 2021 compared to $228.87 billion in 2020. the increase is primarily due to higher interest-bearing deposits with banks and investment securities.
interest-bearing deposits with banks averaged $90.00 billion in 2021 compared to $76.59 billion in 2020. these deposits primarily reflect our maintenance of cash balances at the federal reserve, the european central bank (ecb) and other non-u.s. central banks. the higher levels of average cash balances with central banks reflect higher levels of client deposits.
securities purchased under resale agreements averaged $4.19 billion in 2021 compared to $3.45 billion in 2020. the impact of balance sheet netting decreased to $62.15 billion on average in 2021 compared to $100.45 billion in 2020. we maintain an agreement with ficc, a clearing organization that enables us to net all securities sold under repurchase agreements against those purchased under resale agreements with counterparties that are also members of the clearing organization when specific netting criteria are met. the decrease in average balance sheet netting in 2021 compared to 2020 is primarily due to lower ficc repo volumes from an increased cash supply and lower short-term interest rates driven by extensive federal reserve stimulus.
we have been a sponsoring member within ficc since 2005 and have continued to expand our client base as program eligibility parameters, including permissible client entity types and client jurisdictions, have broadened. we enter into repurchase and resale transactions in eligible securities with sponsored clients and with other ficc members and, pursuant to ficc government securities division rules, submit, novate and net the transactions. we may sponsor clients to clear their eligible repurchase transactions with ficc, backed by our guarantee to ficc of the prompt and full payment and performance of our sponsored member clients' respective obligations. we generally obtain a security interest from our sponsored clients in the high quality securities collateral that they receive, which is designed to mitigate our potential exposure to ficc.
average investment securities increased to $111.73 billion in 2021 from $109.18 billion in 2020, primarily driven by mbs balances and foreign government bonds. the growth reflects our deployment of higher structural deposit levels that resulted from the covid-19 pandemic.
loans averaged $31.01 billion in 2021 compared to $27.53 billion in 2020. average core loans, which exclude overdrafts and highlight our efforts to grow our lending portfolio, averaged $26.76 billion in 2021 compared to $22.84 billion in 2020. the increase is primarily due to growth in clos in loan form and fund finance loans, such as our private equity capital call facilities. additional information about these loans is provided in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
average other interest-earning assets, largely associated with our enhanced custody business, increased to $22.36 billion in 2021 from $11.26 billion in 2020, primarily driven by an increase in the level of cash collateral posted. enhanced custody is our securities financing business where we act as principal with respect to our custody clients and generate securities finance revenue. the nii earned on these transactions is generally lower than the interest earned on other alternative investments.
aggregate average total interest-bearing deposits increased to $186.97 billion in 2021 from $156.25 billion in 2020. average u.s. interest-bearing deposits increased amidst the market uncertainty due to the covid-19 pandemic, u.s. monetary policy and the level of global interest rates. we expect deposits to remain elevated due to the current low interest rate environment and the size of the federal reserve's balance sheet. future deposit levels will be influenced by the underlying asset servicing business, client deposit behavior and market conditions, including the general levels of u.s. and non-u.s. interest rates.
average other short-term borrowings, typically associated with our tax-exempt investment program, decreased to $0.79 billion in 2021 from $2.23 billion in 2020.
average long-term debt was $13.38 billion in 2021 compared to $14.37 billion in 2020. these amounts reflect issuances, redemptions and maturities of senior debt during the respective periods.
average other interest-bearing liabilities were $5.49 billion in 2021 compared to $3.18 billion in 2020. other interest-bearing liabilities primarily reflect our level of cash collateral received from clients in connection with our enhanced custody business, which is presented on a net basis where we have enforceable netting agreements.
several factors could affect future levels of nii and nim, including the volume and mix of client deposits and funding sources; central bank actions; balance sheet management activities; changes in the level and slope of u.s. and non-u.s. interest rates;
state street corporation | 72
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations revised or proposed regulatory capital or liquidity standards, or interpretations of those standards; the yields earned on securities purchased compared to the yields earned on securities sold or matured and changes in the type and amount of credit or other loans we extend.
based on market conditions and other factors, including regulatory standards, we continue to reinvest the majority of the proceeds from pay-downs and maturities of investment securities in highly-rated u.s. and non-u.s. securities, such as federal agency mbs, sovereign debt securities and u.s. treasury and agency securities. the pace at which we reinvest and the types of investment securities purchased will depend on the impact of market conditions, the implementation of regulatory standards, including interpretation of those standards and other factors over time. we expect these factors and the levels of global interest rates to impact our reinvestment program and future levels of nii and nim.
other income in the second quarter of 2021, we sold a majority share of our wms business, which resulted in a pre-tax gain on sale of $53 million that was recorded in other income.
in the fourth quarter of 2021, we transferred $438 million of htm debt securities that referenced libor and other discontinued reference rates to afs. of those transferred securities, $378 million were subsequently sold, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $58 million.
provision for credit losses in 2021, we released $33 million of credit reserves related to loans and financial assets held at amortized cost and off-balance sheet commitments based on the cecl methodology, reflecting observed and expected improvements in both credit quality and economic outlook. this compares to a $88 million provision for credit losses in 2020 based on the cecl methodology, and $10 million in 2019, which was under the incurred loss model.
additional information is provided under "loans" in "financial condition" in this management's discussion and analysis and in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
expenses table 15: expenses, provides the breakout of expenses for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
table 15: expenses years ended december 31,                 % change 2021 vs. 2020                 % change 2020 vs. 2019
(dollars in millions)                                    2021                        2020                        2019
compensation and employee benefits                 $4,554                      $4,450                      $4,541                                2         %                          (2)         %
information systems and communications              1,661                       1,550                       1,465                                7                                      6
transaction processing services                     1,024                         978                         983                                5                                    (1)
occupancy                                             444                         489                         470                              (9)                                      4
amortization of other intangible assets               245                         234                         236                                5                                    (1)
acquisition costs                                      66                          54                          79                               22                                   (32)
restructuring charges, net                            (1)                         (4)                         (2)                             (75)                                    100
other:
professional services                                 334                         364                         321                              (8)                                     13
other                                                 562                         601                         941                              (6)                                   (36)
total other                                           896                         965                       1,262                              (7)                                   (24)
total expenses                                     $8,889                      $8,716                      $9,034                                2                                    (4)
number of employees at year-end                    38,784                      39,439                      39,103                              (2)                                      1
compensation and employee benefits expenses increased 2% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to deferred compensation expense acceleration of $147 million associated with an amendment of the terms of certain outstanding deferred cash incentive compensation awards. this amendment removes continued service requirements for deferred cash incentive awards, thereby accelerating the future expense that would have been recognized over the remaining term of the awards (1 to 4 years, depending on the award) had the continued service requirement not been removed. the deferred portion of many of our bonus-eligible employees' total compensation had become disproportionate relative to our peer organizations. the expense that would otherwise have been associated with the amended awards will no longer be reflected in future periods. to make our pay practices more competitive, the acceleration is part of a plan to increase the immediate cash versus the deferred portion of total cash incentive compensation in future periods, which cash incentive compensation will be reflected in compensation and employee benefits expenses in those periods. the expense impact of future immediate and deferred incentive compensation awards will depend upon corporate performance and market, regulatory, and other factors and conditions, including the amount and form of those awards. the change did not affect deferred equity-settled incentive compensation awards (which, in the aggregate, represent a majority of the outstanding deferred compensation awards for the relevant employees), and we expect that future deferred cash-settled incentive compensation awards will retain a continued service requirement.
total headcount decreased 2% as of december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020, primarily driven by a reduction in high cost locations, partially offset by hiring in global hubs.
information systems and communications expenses increased 7% in 2021 compared to 2020, state street corporation | 73
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations primarily due to higher technology infrastructure investments and equipment expenses.
transaction processing services expenses increased 5% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to higher sub-custody costs and higher broker fees.
occupancy expenses decreased 9% in 2021 compared 2020, primarily due to footprint optimization.
amortization of other intangible assets increased 5% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the acquisition in the first quarter of 2021 of the depository bank and fund administrator activities of fideuram bank luxembourg, a subsidiary of intesa sanpaolo.
other expenses decreased 7% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily driven by lower professional services, securities processing losses and travel costs.
acquisition costs we recorded approximately $53 million of acquisition costs in 2021, compared to $54 million in 2020 and $79 million in 2019, related to our acquisition of crd. as of december 31, 2021, we have incurred a total of $217 million of acquisition costs related to crd. starting in 2022, we will no longer distinguish certain crd costs as acquisition costs.
in addition, we recorded approximately $13 million of acquisition costs in 2021 related to our planned acquisition of the bbh investor services business. we expect to incur up to approximately $590 million of total acquisition and integration costs related to the acquisition through the third year following its closing.
restructuring and repositioning charges repositioning charges expenses for 2021 included a net repositioning release of $3 million, consisting of a $32 million release of previously accrued severance charges, primarily due to higher attrition and redeployment rates during the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by $29 million of occupancy charges related to footprint optimization. total repositioning charges were $133 million in 2020.
the following table presents aggregate activity for repositioning charges and activity related to previous beacon restructuring charges for the periods indicated:
table 16: restructuring and repositioning charges
(in millions)                                          employee                      real estate                                                                        asset and other write-offs                      total related costs                          actions accrual balance at december 31, 2018                $303                               $37                                                                              $1                                           $341
accruals for beacon                                  (2)                                 -                                                                              -                                             (2)
accruals for repositioning charges                    98                                12                                                                              -                                             110
payments and other adjustments                     (209)                              (42)                                                                              -                                           (251)
accrual balance at december 31, 2019                 190                                 7                                                                     1                                                      198
accruals for beacon                                  (4)                                 -                                                                              -                                             (4)
accruals for repositioning charges                    82                                51                                                                              -                                             133
payments and other adjustments                      (78)                              (52)                                                                              (1)                                         (131)
accrual balance at december 31, 2020                 190                                 6                                                                              -                                             196
accruals for beacon                                  (1)                                 -                                                                              -                                             (1)
accruals for repositioning charges                  (32)                                29                                                                              -                                             (3)
payments and other adjustments                      (89)                              (29)                                                                              -                                           (118)
accrual balance at december 31, 2021                 $68                                $6                                                                              $-                                            $74
income tax expense income tax expense was $478 million in 2021 compared to $479 million in 2020. our effective tax rate was 15.1% in 2021 compared to 16.5% in 2020. the decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily due to discrete benefits from the completion of tax audits and tax return finalization.
additional information regarding income tax expense, including unrecognized tax benefits and tax contingencies, are provided in notes 13 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
line of business information our operations are organized into two lines of business: investment servicing and investment management, which are defined based on products and services provided. the results of operations for these lines of business are not necessarily comparable with those of other companies, including companies in the financial services industry. for the description of our lines of business, refer to "lines of business" in item 1 in this form 10-k. certain costs are not allocated to our two lines of business, including repositioning charges, acquisition costs and certain legal accruals. in addition, the acceleration of deferred compensation of $147 million in 2021 was not allocated to our two lines of business. see note 24 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
state street corporation | 74
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations investment servicing table 17: investment servicing line of business results
(dollars in millions, except where otherwise noted)                                                                     years ended december 31,                                                                 % change 2021 vs. 2020                 % change 2020 vs. 2019
2021                                                2020                     2019
servicing fees                                                                                                                                           $5,549                       $5,167                           $5,074                                      7         %                  2   %
foreign exchange trading services                                                                                                                         1,149                        1,299                              974                                   (12)                           33
securities finance                                                                                                                                          402                          342                              462                                     18                         (26)
software and processing fees                                                                                                                                779                          706                              691                                     10                            2
total fee revenue                                                                                                                                         7,879                        7,514                            7,201                                      5                            4
net interest income                                                                                                                                       1,919                        2,211                            2,590                                   (13)                         (15)
total other income                                                                                                                                          (1)                            4                               43                                               nm                     nm total revenue                                                                                                                                             9,797                        9,729                            9,834                                      1                          (1)
provision for credit losses                                                                                                                                (33)                           88                               10                                  (138)                          780
total expenses                                                                                                                                            7,182                        7,071                            7,140                                      2                          (1)
income before income tax expense                                                                                                                         $2,648                       $2,570                           $2,684                                      3                          (4)
pre-tax margin                                                                                                                                               27    %                      26   %                           27         %
average assets (in billions)                                                                                                                             $296.5                       $266.4                           $220.3
nm not meaningful servicing fees servicing fees, as presented in table 17: investment servicing line of business results, increased 7% in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to higher average equity market levels, client activity and flows, and net new business, partially offset by normal pricing headwinds. fx rates impacted servicing fees positively by 1% in 2021 relative to 2020 and 0.4% in 2020 relative to 2019.
additional information about servicing fees is provided under "fee revenue" in "consolidated results of operations" included in this management's discussion and analysis.
for additional information about the impact of worldwide equity and fixed-income valuations on our fee revenue, as well as other key drivers of our servicing fee revenue, refer to "fee revenue" in "consolidated results of operations" included in this management's discussion and analysis.
expenses total expenses for investment servicing increased 2% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily reflecting higher technology infrastructure investments, equipment expenses, higher business volume related costs and unfavorable currency translation, partially offset by expense savings initiatives. currency translation increased expenses for investment servicing by 1% in 2021 relative to 2020. seasonal deferred incentive compensation expense and payroll taxes were $141 million in 2021 compared to $125 million in 2020. total expenses contributed by crd were approximately $287 million and $248 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. additional information about expenses is provided under "expenses" in "consolidated results of operations" included in this management's discussion and analysis.
state street corporation | 75
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations investment management table 18: investment management line of business results
(dollars in millions, except where otherwise noted)                                                                     years ended december 31,                                                                 % change 2021 vs. 2020                 % change 2020 vs. 2019
2021                                                2020                     2019
management fees(1)                                                                                                                                       $2,053                       $1,880                           $1,824                                      9         %                  3   %
foreign exchange trading services(2)                                                                                                                         62                           64                               84                                    (3)                         (24)
securities finance                                                                                                                                           14                           14                                9                                      -                           56
software and processing fees(3)                                                                                                                               4                           27                               29                                   (85)                          (7)
total fee revenue                                                                                                                                         2,133                        1,985                            1,946                                      7                            2
net interest income                                                                                                                                        (14)                         (11)                             (24)                                     27                         (54)
total revenue                                                                                                                                             2,119                        1,974                            1,922                                      7                            3
total expenses                                                                                                                                            1,445                        1,471                            1,535                                    (2)                          (4)
income before income tax expense                                                                                                                           $674                         $503                             $387                                     34                           30
pre-tax margin                                                                                                                                               32    %                      25   %                           20         %
average assets (in billions)                                                                                                                               $3.2                         $2.9                             $3.0
(1) includes revenues from spdr® gold shares and spdr® gold minisharessm trust aum where we are not the investment manager but act as the marketing agent.
(2) includes revenue for reimbursements received for certain etfs associated with state street global advisors where we act as the distribution and marketing agent.
(3) includes other revenue items that are primarily driven by equity market movements.
investment management total revenue increased 7% in 2021 compared to 2020.
management fees management fees increased 9% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to higher average equity market levels and net inflows from etfs, partially offset by a previously reported idiosyncratic institutional client asset reallocation expected to be primarily reflected in 2022, and higher money market fee waivers. fx rates impacted management fees positively by 1% in 2021 relative to 2020 and 0.5% in 2020 relative to 2019.
additional information about management fees is provided under " fee revenue" in "consolidated results of operations" included in this management's discussion and analysis.
expenses total expenses for investment management decreased 2% in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to savings from on-going expense management initiatives. currency translation increased expenses for investment management by 1% in 2021 relative to 2020. seasonal deferred incentive compensation expense and payroll taxes were $35 million in 2021, compared to $26 million in 2020.
additional information about expenses is provided under "expenses" in "consolidated results of operations" included in this management's discussion and analysis.
for additional information about our two lines of business, as well as the revenues, expenses and capital allocation methodologies associated with them, refer to note 24 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
state street corporation | 76
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations financial condition the structure of our consolidated statement of condition is primarily driven by the liabilities generated by our investment servicing and investment management lines of business. our clients' needs and our operating objectives determine balance sheet volume, mix and currency denomination. as our clients execute their worldwide cash management and investment activities, they utilize deposits and short-term investments that constitute the majority of our liabilities. these liabilities are generally in the form of interest-bearing transaction account deposits, which are denominated in a variety of currencies; non-interest-bearing demand deposits; and repurchase agreements, which generally serve as short-term investment alternatives for our clients.
deposits and other liabilities resulting from client initiated transactions are invested in assets that generally have contractual maturities significantly longer than our liabilities; however, we evaluate the operational nature of our deposits and seek to maintain appropriate short-term liquidity of those liabilities that are not operational in nature and maintain longer-termed assets for our operational deposits. our assets consist primarily of securities held in our afs or htm portfolios and short-duration financial instruments, such as interest-bearing deposits with banks and securities purchased under resale agreements. the actual mix of assets is determined by the characteristics of the client liabilities and our desire to maintain a well-diversified portfolio of high-quality assets.
the following information on our financial condition is based on our average balance sheet, which we believe is the better measure of our balance sheet trends as period-end balances can be impacted by the timing of client activities including deposits and withdrawals.
table 19: average statement of condition(1)
years ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                            2021   2020                              2019
assets:
interest-bearing deposits with banks                                                             $89,996                           $76,588                           $48,500
securities purchased under resale agreements                                                       4,193                             3,452                             2,506
trading account assets                                                                               752        878                               884
investment securities:
investment securities available for sale                                                          66,584                            58,036                            51,853
investment securities held-to-maturity                                                            44,832                            42,956                            39,915
investment securities held-to-maturity purchased under money market liquidity facility               314                             8,183                                 -
total investment securities                                                                      111,730                           109,175                            91,768
loans                                                                                             31,009                            27,525                            24,073
other interest-earning assets                                                                     22,355                            11,256                            14,160
average total interest-earning assets                                                            260,035                           228,874                           181,891
cash and due from banks                                                                            5,057                             3,849                             3,390
other non-interest-earning assets                                                                 34,651                            36,611                            38,053
average total assets                                                                            $299,743                          $269,334                          $223,334
liabilities and shareholders' equity:
interest-bearing deposits:
u.s.                                                                                            $104,848                           $87,444                           $67,547
non-u.s.                                                                                          82,126                            68,806                            61,301
total interest-bearing deposits(2)                                                               186,974                           156,250                           128,848
securities sold under repurchase agreements                                                          667                             2,615                             1,616
short-term borrowings under money market liquidity facility                                          315                             8,207                                 -
other short-term borrowings                                                                          788                             2,226                             1,524
long-term debt                                                                                    13,383                            14,371                            11,474
other interest-bearing liabilities                                                                 5,486                             3,176                             4,103
average total interest-bearing liabilities                                                       207,613                           186,845                           147,565
non-interest-bearing deposits(2)                                                                  48,430                            36,975                            29,414
other non-interest-bearing liabilities                                                            17,615                            20,464                            21,299
preferred shareholders' equity                                                                     2,076                             2,569                             3,653
common shareholders' equity                                                                       24,009                            22,481                            21,403
average total liabilities and shareholders' equity                                              $299,743                          $269,334                          $223,334
(1) additional information about our average statement of condition, primarily our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, is provided in "net interest income" included in this management's discussion and analysis.
(2) total deposits averaged $235.40 billion in 2021 compared to $193.23 billion and $158.26 billion in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
state street corporation | 77
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations investment securities table 20: carrying values of investment securities as of december 31,
(in millions)                                                                           2021                            2020                            2019
available-for-sale:
u.s. treasury and federal agencies:
direct obligations                                                              $17,939                          $6,575                          $3,487
mortgage-backed securities                                                       18,208                          14,305                          17,838
total u.s. treasury and federal agencies                                         36,147                          20,880                          21,325
non-u.s. debt securities:
mortgage-backed securities                                                        1,995                           1,996                           1,980
asset-backed securities(1)                                                        2,087                           2,291                           2,179
non-u.s. sovereign, supranational and non-u.s. agency                            23,547                          22,087                          12,373
other(2)                                                                          3,098                           3,355                           8,658
total non-u.s. debt securities                                                   30,727                          29,729                          25,190
asset-backed securities:
student loans(3)                                                                    211                             314                             531
collateralized loan obligations(4)                                                2,155                           2,966                           1,820
non-agency cmbs and rmbs(5)                                                          52                              78                             104
other                                                                                91                              90                              89
total asset-backed securities                                                     2,509                           3,448                           2,544
state and political subdivisions                                                  1,272                           1,548                           1,783
other u.s. debt securities(6)                                                     2,744                           3,443                           2,973
total available-for-sale securities                                             $73,399                         $59,048                         $53,815
held-to-maturity:
u.s. treasury and federal agencies:
direct obligations                                                               $2,170                          $6,057                         $10,311
mortgage-backed securities                                                       33,481                          36,901                          26,297
total u.s. treasury and federal agencies                                         35,651                          42,958                          36,608
non-u.s. debt securities:
mortgage-backed securities                                                            -                             303                             366
non-u.s. sovereign, supranational and non-u.s. agency                             1,564                             342                             328
total non-u.s. debt securities                                                    1,564                             645                             694
asset-backed securities:
student loans(3)                                                                  4,908                           4,774                           3,783
non-agency cmbs and rmbs(7)                                                         307                             554                             697
total asset-backed securities                                                     5,215                           5,328                           4,480
total(7)                                                                         42,430                          48,931                          41,782
held-to-maturity under money market mutual fund liquidity facility(8)                 -                           3,300                               -
total held-to-maturity securities(8)                                            $42,430                         $52,231                         $41,782
(1) as of december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the fair value non-u.s. collateralized loan obligations of $0.83 billion, $0.96 billion and $0.89 billion, respectively.
(2) as of december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the fair value includes non-u.s. corporate bonds of $1.53 billion, $1.88 billion and $1.78 billion, respectively.
(3) primarily comprised of securities guaranteed by the federal government with respect to at least 97% of defaulted principal and accrued interest on the underlying loans.
(4) excludes collateralized loan obligations in loan form. refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information.
(5) consists entirely of non-agency cmbs as of december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
(6) as of december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the fair value of u.s. corporate bonds was $2.44 billion, $3.44 billion and $2.97 billion, respectively.
(7) as of december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the total amortized cost included $292 million, $464 million and $573 million, respectively, of non-agency cmbs and $14 million, $90 million and $124 million, respectively, of non-agency rmbs.
(8) as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, we recognized an allowance for credit losses on all htm securities of $0 million and $3 million, respectively, inclusive of $0 million and $1 million, respectively, related to htm securities purchased under the money market mutual fund liquidity facility.
additional information about our investment securities portfolio is provided in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
we manage our investment securities portfolio to align with the interest rate and duration characteristics of our client liabilities and in the context of the overall structure of our consolidated statement of condition, in consideration of the global interest rate environment. we consider a well-diversified, high-credit quality investment securities portfolio to be an important element in the management of our consolidated statement of condition.
average duration of our investment securities portfolio was 2.9 years and 3.0 years as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively.
approximately 92% of the carrying value of the portfolio was rated "aaa" or "aa" as of both december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020.
table 21: investment portfolio by external credit rating (excluding securities purchased under the mmlf program)
december 31, 2021                                                 december 31, 2020
aaa(1)                                            79          %                                                     78          %
aa                                                13                                                                14
a                                                  4                                                                 4
bbb                                                4                                                                 4
100                                                           %                                                    100          %
(1) includes u.s. treasury and federal agency securities that are split-rated, "aaa" by moody's investors service and "aa+" by standard & poor's and also includes agency mbs securities which are not explicitly rated but which have an explicit or assumed guarantee from the u.s. government.
as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, the investment portfolio was diversified with respect to asset class composition. the following table presents the composition of these asset classes.
table 22: investment portfolio by asset class december 31, 2021                         december 31, 2020
u.s. agency                                 33       %                                39       %
mortgage-backed securities foreign sovereign                           21                                        20
u.s. treasuries                             17                                        11
asset-backed securities                     10                                        11
other credit(1)                             19                                        19
100                                                  %                               100       %
(1) includes the securities purchased under the mmlf program.
non-u.s. debt securities approximately 28% and 27% of the aggregate carrying value of our investment securities portfolio was non-u.s. debt securities as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively.
state street corporation | 78
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 23: non-u.s. debt securities(1)
(in millions)                  december 31, 2021                         december 31, 2020
available-for-sale:
canada                            $4,502                                    $3,163
australia                          3,019                                     2,809
france                             2,180                                     2,829
germany                            2,130                                     2,155
united kingdom                     1,961                                     1,209
austria                            1,478                                     1,544
japan                              1,332                                       560
spain                              1,227                                     1,642
netherlands                        1,109                                     1,528
belgium                            1,050                                     1,618
finland                              837                                     1,222
italy                                803                                     1,014
ireland                              744                                     1,226
other(2)                           8,355                                     7,210
total                            $30,727                                   $29,729
held-to-maturity:
singapore                           $222                                      $342
australia                              -                                        90
spain                                  -                                        84
other(2)                           1,342                                       129
total                             $1,564                                      $645
(1) geography is determined primarily based on the domicile of collateral or issuer.
(2) as of december 31, 2021, other non-u.s. investments include $7.4 billion supranational bonds in afs securities and $1.3 billion supranational bonds in htm securities.
approximately 81% and 80% of the aggregate carrying value of these non-u.s. debt securities was rated "aaa" or "aa" as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively. the majority of these securities comprised senior positions within the security structures; these positions have a level of protection provided through subordination and other forms of credit protection. as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, approximately 24% and 21%, respectively, of the aggregate carrying value of these non-u.s. debt securities was floating-rate.
as of december 31, 2021, our non-u.s. debt securities had an average market-to-book ratio of 100.0%, and an aggregate pre-tax net unrealized loss of $1 million, composed of gross unrealized gains of $145 million and gross unrealized losses of $146 million. these unrealized amounts included:
•a pre-tax net unrealized gain of $8 million, composed of gross unrealized gains of $145 million and gross unrealized losses of $137 million, associated with non-u.s. afs debt securities; and
•a pre-tax net unrealized loss of $9 million associated with non-u.s. htm debt securities.
as of december 31, 2021, the underlying collateral for non-u.s. mbs and abs primarily included australian, u.k., netherlands, spanish and italian mortgages. the securities listed under
"canada" were composed of canadian government securities and provincial bonds, corporate debt and non-u.s. agency securities. the securities listed under "france" were composed of sovereign bonds, corporate debt, covered bonds, abs and non-u.s. agency securities. the securities listed under "japan" were substantially composed of japanese government securities.
municipal obligations we carried approximately $1.3 billion of municipal securities classified as state and political subdivisions in our investment securities portfolio as of december 31, 2021, as shown in table 20: carrying values of investment securities, all of which were classified as afs. as of december 31, 2021, we also provided approximately $9.0 billion of credit and liquidity facilities to municipal issuers.
table 24: state and municipal obligors(1)
(dollars in millions)              total municipalsecurities(2)                    credit and liquidity facilities(2)                       total                   % of total municipal exposure december 31, 2021
state of issuer:
texas                                          $221                                              $2,357                                $2,578                                25        %
california                                      108                                               2,005                                 2,113                                21
new york                                        271                                               1,112                                 1,383                                14
massachusetts                                   245                                                 696                                   941                                 9
tennessee                                         -                                                 491                                   491                                 5
total                                          $845                                              $6,661                                $7,506
december 31, 2020
state of issuer:
texas                                          $268                                              $2,282                                $2,550                                23        %
california                                      113                                               2,174                                 2,287                                21
new york                                        297                                               1,363                                 1,660                                15
massachusetts                                   382                                                 927                                 1,309                                12
total                                        $1,060                                              $6,746                                $7,806
(1) represented 5% or more of our aggregate municipal credit exposure of approximately $10.22 billion and $11.06 billion across our businesses as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively.
(2) includes municipal loans which are also presented within table 26: u.s. and non-u.s. loans .
our aggregate municipal securities exposure presented in table 24: state and municipal obligors, was concentrated primarily with highly-rated counterparties, with approximately 88% of the obligors rated "aaa" or "aa" as of december 31, 2021. as of that date, approximately 26% and 74% of our aggregate municipal securities exposure was associated with general obligation and revenue bonds, respectively. the portfolios are also diversified geographically, with the states that represent our largest exposures widely dispersed across the u.s.
additional information with respect to our assessment of impairment of our municipal securities is provided in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
state street corporation | 79
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 25: contractual maturities and yields as of december 31, 2021                                                   under 1 year                                      1 to 5 years                                     6 to 10 years                                     over 10 years                     total
(dollars in millions)                                   amount                   yield                    amount                   yield                    amount                   yield                    amount                   yield                    amount available-for-sale(1):
u.s. treasury and federal agencies:
direct obligations                                 $1,976                      .16   %              $14,912                      .68   %               $1,051                     1.49   %                   $-                        -   %              $17,939
mortgage-backed securities                             73                     3.49                      846                     1.37                    7,620                      .38                    9,669                     2.07                   18,208
total u.s. treasury and federal agencies            2,049                                            15,758                                             8,671                                             9,669                                            36,147
non-u.s. debt securities:
mortgage-backed securities                            164                      .76                      527                      .51                       33                      .38                    1,271                      .93                    1,995
asset-backed securities                               302                      .60                    1,041                      .35                      454                      .54                      290                      .24                    2,087
non-u.s. sovereign, supranational                   4,480                     4.43                   16,336                     3.44                    2,717                     2.40                       14                     1.41                   23,547
and non-u.s. agency other                                                 826                     4.52                    1,943                     3.34                      275                     3.76                       54                     2.22                    3,098
total non-u.s. debt securities                      5,772                                            19,847                                             3,479                                             1,629                                            30,727
asset-backed securities:
student loans                                         115                     1.67                        -                        -                        -                        -                       96                      .32                      211
collateralized loan obligations                       147                     1.07                      483                     1.02                    1,084                     1.08                      441                     1.33                    2,155
non-agency cmbs and rmbs                                -                        -                        -                        -                        -                        -                       52                     3.57                       52
other                                                   -                        -                        -                        -                       91                      .88                        -                        -                       91
total asset-backed securities                         262                                               483                                             1,175                                               589                                             2,509
state and political subdivisions(2)                   180                     5.52                      512                     4.75                      499                     4.88                       81                     4.87                    1,272
other u.s. debt securities                          1,002                     1.68                    1,699                     2.23                       43                     3.07                        -                        -                    2,744
total                                              $9,265                                           $38,299                                           $13,867                                           $11,968                                           $73,399
held-to-maturity(1):
u.s. treasury and federal agencies:
direct obligations                                 $2,150                     1.73   %                   $3                      .70   %                   $1                      .63   %                  $16                      .57   %               $2,170
mortgage-backed securities                            148                     2.62                      393                     3.14                    4,651                     1.90                   28,289                     2.18                   33,481
total u.s. treasury and federal agencies            2,298                                               396                                             4,652                                            28,305                                            35,651
non-u.s. debt securities:
non-u.s. sovereign, supranational                     345                      .59                    1,218                     2.30                        1                      .50                        -                        -                    1,564
and non-u.s. agency total non-u.s. debt securities                        345                                             1,218                                                 1                                                 -                                             1,564
asset-backed securities:
student loans                                         341                      .43                       48                      .68                      971                     1.02                    3,548                      .95                    4,908
non-agency cmbs and rmbs                               87                     1.35                      144                      .83                        -                        -                       76                     1.34                      307
total asset-backed securities                         428                                               192                                               971                                             3,624                                             5,215
total                                              $3,071                                            $1,806                                            $5,624                                           $31,929                                           $42,430
(1) the maturities of mbs, abs and cmos are based on expected principal payments.
(2) yields were calculated on a fte basis, using applicable statutory tax rates (21.0% as of december 31, 2021).
state street corporation | 80
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations loans table 26: u.s. and non- u.s. loans as of december 31,
(in millions)                             2021                        2020                        2019
domestic(1):
commercial and financial:
fund finance(2)                    $12,396                     $11,531                     $10,270
leveraged loans                      3,106                       2,923                       3,342
overdrafts                           1,796                       1,894                       1,739
other(3)                             2,262                       2,688                       3,411
commercial real estate               2,554                       2,096                       1,766
total domestic                      22,114                      21,132                      20,528
foreign(1):
commercial and financial:
fund finance(2)                      7,778                       4,432                       3,145
leveraged loans                      1,328                       1,242                       1,119
overdrafts                           1,312                       1,088                       1,517
other(3)                                 -                          31                           -
total foreign                       10,418                       6,793                       5,781
total loans(4)                      32,532                      27,925                      26,309
allowance for loan losses             (87)                       (122)                        (74)
loans, net of allowance            $32,445                     $27,803                     $26,235
(1) domestic and foreign categorization is based on the borrower's country of domicile.
(2) fund finance loans include primarily $9,147 million private equity capital call finance loans, $6,397 million loans to real money funds, $2,913 million collateralized loan obligations in loan form and $1,387 million loans to business development companies as of december 31, 2021, compared to $8,380 million and $6,076 million private equity capital call finance loans, $6,391 million and $6,040 million loans to real money funds and $821 million and $932 million loans to business development companies as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(3) includes $1,784 million securities finance loans, $455 million loans to municipalities and $23 million other loans as of december 31, 2021, $1,911 million securities finance loans, $754 million loans to municipalities and $54 million other loans as of december 31, 2020 and $2,537 million securities finance loans, $848 million loans to municipalities and $26 million other loans as of december 31, 2019.
(4) as of december 30, 2021. excluding overdrafts, floating rate loans totaled $26,838 million and fixed rate loans totaled $2,583 million. we have entered into interest rate swap agreements to hedge the forecasted cash flows associated with libor indexed floating-rate loans. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional details.
in the second quarter of 2021, in addition to our clos in the investment portfolio, we began purchasing clos in loan form. the increase in the commercial and financial segment as of december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020 was primarily driven by the purchase of $2,913 million clos in loan form in 2021.
as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, our leveraged loans totaled approximately $4.43 billion and $4.17 billion, respectively. we sold $181 million leveraged loans in 2021, of which $8 million remain unsettled and was held for sale as of december 31, 2021. we recorded a charge-off against the allowance for credit losses prior to the sale of these loans of $2 million in 2021.
in addition, we had binding unfunded commitments as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020 of $124 million and $149 million, respectively, to participate in such syndications.
additional information about these unfunded commitments is provided in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
these leveraged loans, which are primarily rated "speculative" under our internal risk-rating framework (refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k), are externally rated "bbb," "bb" or "b," with approximately 94% and 85% of the loans rated "bb" or "b" as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively. our investment strategy involves generally limiting our investment to larger, more liquid credits underwritten by major global financial institutions, applying our internal credit analysis process to each potential investment and diversifying our exposure by counterparty and industry segment. however, these loans have significant exposure to credit losses relative to higher-rated loans in our portfolio.
additional information about all of our loan segments, as well as underlying classes, is provided in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
no loans were modified in troubled debt restructurings as of both december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020.
table 27: contractual maturities for loans as of december 31, 2021
(in millions)                          under 1 year                     1 to 5 years                    5 to 15 years                       total domestic:
commercial and financial             $10,188                           $7,543                           $1,829                        $19,560
commercial real estate                    78          926                                                1,550                          2,554
total domestic                        10,266                            8,469                            3,379                         22,114
foreign:
commercial and financial               3,973                            3,311                            3,134                         10,418
total foreign                          3,973                            3,311                            3,134                         10,418
total loans                          $14,239                          $11,780                           $6,513                        $32,532
table 28: classification of loan balances due after one year as of december 31, 2021
(in millions)                          loans with predetermined interest rates                                 loans with floating or adjustable interest rates domestic:
commercial and financial                                  $384                                                                        $8,987
commercial real estate                                   2,153                   323
total domestic                                           2,537                                                                         9,310
foreign:
commercial and financial                                    47                                                                         6,399
total foreign                                               47                                                                         6,399
total loans                                             $2,584                                                                       $15,709
state street corporation | 81
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations allowance for credit losses table 29: allowance for credit losses years ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                      2021                          2020                          2019
allowance for credit losses:
beginning balance(1)                                                          $148                           $93                           $83
provision for credit losses (funded commitments)(2)                           (29)                            83                            10
provisions for credit losses (unfunded commitments)(3)                         (2)                             3                             3
provisions for credit losses (investment securities and all other)             (2)                             2                             -
charge-offs(4)                                                                 (2)                          (41)                           (3)
fx translation                                                                 (5)                             8                           (2)
ending balance                                                                $108                          $148                           $91
(1) beginning january 1, 2020, we adopted asc 326. prior to 2020, we recognized an allowance for loan losses under an incurred loss model. upon adoption, we increased the allowance and reduced retained earnings by approximately $2 million. as such, the 2020 beginning balance differs from the december 31, 2019 ending balance.
(2) the provision for credit losses is primarily related to commercial and financial loans.
(3) prior to the adoption of asc 326, the provision for unfunded commitments was recorded within other expenses in the consolidated statement of income. upon adoption of asc 326 in the first quarter of 2020, the provision for all assets within scope is recorded within the provision for credit losses in the consolidated statement of income.
(4) the charge-offs are related to commercial and financial loans.
we adopted asc 326 in january 2020. the provision for credit losses related to loans and other financial assets held at amortized cost, including investment securities classified as htm and off-balance sheet commitments, was a $33 million release of credit reserves in 2021, compared to $88 million reserve build in 2020.
as of december 31, 2021, approximately $61 million of our allowance for credit losses was related to leveraged loans included in the commercial and financial segment compared to $97 million as of december 31, 2020. the reduction in the allowance in 2021 was primarily driven by observed and expected improvements in both credit quality and economic outlook. as our view on current and future economic scenarios change, our allowance for credit losses related to these loans may be impacted through a change to the provisions for credit losses, reflecting credit migration within our loan portfolio, as well as changes in management's economic outlook as of year-end. the remaining $47 million and $51 million as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, was related to other loans, commercial real estate loans, off-balance sheet commitments and other financial assets held at amortized cost, including investment securities held to maturity. as of december 31, 2021, the allowance for credit losses represented 0.3% of total loans.
an allowance for credit losses is recognized on htm securities upon acquisition of the security, and on afs securities when the fair value and expected future cash flows of the investment securities are less than their amortized cost basis. our assessment of impairment involves an evaluation of economic and security-specific factors. such factors are based on estimates, derived by management, which contemplate current market conditions and security-specific performance. to the extent that market conditions are worse than management's expectations or due to idiosyncratic bond performance, the credit-related component of impairment, in particular, could increase and would be recorded in the provision for credit losses. additional information with respect to the allowance for credit losses, net impairment losses and gross unrealized losses related to investment securities, is provided in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
cross-border outstandings cross-border outstandings are amounts payable to us by non-u.s. counterparties which are denominated in u.s. dollars or other non-local currency, as well as non-u.s. local currency claims not funded by local currency liabilities. our cross-border outstandings consist primarily of deposits with banks; loans and lease financing, including short-duration advances; investment securities; amounts related to fx and interest rate contracts; and securities finance.  in addition to credit risk, cross-border outstandings have the risk that, as a result of political or economic conditions in a country, borrowers may be unable to meet their contractual repayment obligations of principal and/or interest when due because of the unavailability of, or restrictions on, fx needed by borrowers to repay their obligations.
as market and economic conditions change, the major independent credit rating agencies may downgrade u.s. and non-u.s. financial institutions and sovereign issuers which have been, and may in the future be, significant counterparties to us, or whose financial instruments serve as collateral on which we rely for credit risk mitigation purposes, and may do so again in the future. as a result, we may be exposed to increased counterparty risk, leading to negative ratings volatility.
the cross-border outstandings presented in table 30: cross-border outstandings, represented approximately 27% and 30% of our consolidated total assets as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively.
state street corporation | 82
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 30: cross-border outstandings(1)
(in millions)               investment securities and other assets                       derivatives and securities on loan                       total cross-border outstandings december 31, 2021
germany                                     $30,263                                                      $202                                                $30,465
united kingdom                               13,075                                                     1,287                                                 14,362
japan                                        10,713                                                       878                                                 11,591
canada                                        8,201                                                       999                                                  9,200
australia                                     6,862                                                       534                                                  7,396
luxembourg                                    6,300                                                       601                                                  6,901
ireland                                       2,822                                                       852                                                  3,674
december 31, 2020
united kingdom                              $18,880                                                    $1,797                                                $20,677
japan                                        19,537                                                       560                                                 20,097
germany                                      18,734                                                     2,163                                                 20,897
canada                                        5,997                                                     3,113                                                  9,110
australia                                     5,790                                                     2,908                                                  8,698
luxembourg                                    5,036                                                     2,148                                                  7,184
france                                        3,586                                                     3,010                                                  6,596
december 31, 2019
germany                                     $20,968                                                      $217                                                $21,185
united kingdom                               13,764                                                     1,468                                                 15,232
japan                                        11,121                                                       555                                                 11,676
luxembourg                                    3,399                                                       668                                                  4,067
canada                                        2,955                                                       783                                                  3,738
australia                                     3,100                                                       597                                                  3,697
france                                        2,813                                                       240                                                  3,053
ireland                                       1,988                                                       641                                                  2,629
switzerland                                   1,724                                                       589                                                  2,313
(1) cross-border outstandings included countries in which we do business, and which amounted to at least 1% of our consolidated total assets as of the dates indicated.
as of december 31, 2021, aggregate cross-border outstandings in france amounted to between 0.75% and 1% of our consolidated assets, at approximately $2.83 billion. as of december 31, 2020, aggregate cross-border outstandings in each of switzerland and ireland amounted to between 0.75% and 1% of our consolidated assets, at approximately $3.13 billion and $2.93 billion, respectively. as of december 31, 2019, aggregate cross-border outstandings in the netherlands amounted to between 0.75% and 1% of our consolidated assets, at approximately $1.89 billion.
risk management general in the normal course of our global business activities, we are exposed to a variety of risks, some inherent in the financial services industry, others more specific to our business activities. our risk management framework focuses on material risks, which include the following:
•credit and counterparty risk;
•liquidity risk, funding and management;
•operational risk;
•information technology risk;
•market risk associated with our trading activities;
•market risk associated with our non-trading activities, which we refer to as asset and liability management, and which consists primarily of interest rate risk;
•strategic risk;
•model risk; and
•reputational, fiduciary and business conduct risk.
many of these risks, as well as certain factors underlying each of these risks that could affect our businesses and our consolidated financial statements, are discussed in detail under "risk factors" in this form 10-k.
the scope of our business requires that we balance these risks with a comprehensive and well-integrated risk management function. the identification, assessment, monitoring, mitigation and reporting of risks are essential to our financial performance and successful management of our businesses. these risks, if not effectively managed, can result in losses to us as well as erosion of our capital and damage to our reputation. our approach, including board and senior management oversight and a system of policies, procedures, limits, risk measurement and monitoring and internal controls, allows for an assessment of risks within a framework for evaluating opportunities for the prudent use of capital that appropriately balances risk and return.
our objective is to optimize our return while operating at a prudent level of risk. in support of this objective, we have instituted a risk appetite framework that aligns our business strategy and financial objectives with the level of risk that we are willing to incur.
our risk management is based on the following major goals:
•a culture of risk awareness that extends across all of our business activities;
•the identification, classification and quantification of our material risks;
•the establishment of our risk appetite and associated limits and policies, and our compliance with these limits;
•the establishment of a risk management structure at the "top of the house" that enables the control and coordination of risk-taking across the business lines;
•the implementation of stress testing practices and a dynamic risk-assessment capability;
state street corporation | 83
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•a direct link between risk and strategic-decision making processes and incentive compensation practices; and
•the overall flexibility to adapt to the ever-changing business and market conditions.
our risk appetite framework outlines the quantitative limits and qualitative goals that define our risk appetite, as well as the responsibilities for measuring and monitoring risk against limits, and for reporting, escalating, approving and addressing exceptions. our risk appetite framework is established by erm, a corporate risk oversight group, in conjunction with the mrac and the rc of the board. the board formally reviews and approves our risk appetite statement annually, or more frequently as required.
the risk appetite framework describes the level and types of risk that we are willing to accommodate in executing our business strategy, and also serves as a guide in setting risk limits across our business units. in addition to our risk appetite framework, we use stress testing as another important tool in our risk management practice. additional information with respect to our stress testing process and practices is provided under "capital" in this management's discussion and analysis.
governance and structure we have an approach to risk management that involves all levels of management, from the board and its committees, including its e&a committee, rc, the hrc and tech & ops committee, to each business unit and each employee. we allocate responsibility for risk oversight so that risk/return decisions are made at an appropriate level, and are subject to robust and effective review and challenge. risk management is the responsibility of each employee, and is implemented through three lines of defense: the business units, which own and manage the risks inherent in their business, are considered the first line of defense; erm and other support functions, such as compliance, finance and vendor management, provide the second line of defense. corporate audit is the third line of defense, reports to the e&a committee of the board and is independent from the business units, erm and other corporate functions. corporate audit provides independent assurance to the board over the design and operating effectiveness of internal key controls included within the risk management framework.
the responsibilities for effective review and challenge reside with senior managers, management oversight committees, corporate audit and, ultimately, the board and its committees. while we believe that our risk management program is effective in managing the risks in our businesses, internal and external factors may create risks that cannot always be identified or anticipated.
corporate-level risk committees provide focused oversight, and establish corporate standards and policies for specific risks, including credit, sovereign exposure, market, liquidity, operational, information technology as well as new business products, regulatory compliance and ethics, vendor risk and model risks. these committees have been delegated the responsibility to develop recommendations and remediation strategies to address issues that affect or have the potential to affect us.
we maintain a risk governance committee structure which serves as the formal governance mechanism through which we seek to undertake the consistent identification, management and mitigation of various risks facing us in connection with its business activities. this governance structure is enhanced and integrated through multi-disciplinary involvement, particularly through erm. the following chart presents this structure.
state street corporation | 84
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management risk governance committee structure executive management committees:
management risk and capital committee                                                                                               business conduct committee                               technology and operational risk committee
(mrac)                                                                                                                              (bcc)                                                    (torc)
risk committees:
asset-liability committee (alco)                                     credit and market risk committee (cmrc)                        fiduciary review committee                               operational risk committee                                                    technology risk committee rrp executive review board                                           basel oversight committee                                      new business and product committee                       global third party and outsourcing risk committee                             enterprise continuity steering committee
(boc)
ccar steering committee                                              model risk committee                                           core compliance and ethics committee                     executive operations management committee                                     enterprise data management committee
(mrc)
country risk committee                                               ssga risk committee                                            legal entity oversight committee regulatory reporting oversight committee                                                                                            conduct standards committee state street corporation | 85
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations enterprise risk management the goal of erm is to ensure that risks are proactively identified, well-understood and prudently managed in support of our business strategy. erm provides risk oversight, support and coordination to allow for the consistent identification, measurement and management of risks across business units separate from the business units' activities, and is responsible for the formulation and maintenance of corporate-wide risk management policies and guidelines. in addition, erm establishes and reviews limits and, in collaboration with business unit management, monitors key risks. ultimately, erm works to validate that risk-taking occurs within the risk appetite statement approved by the board and conforms to associated risk policies, limits and guidelines.
the chief risk officer (cro) is responsible for our risk management globally, leads erm and has a dual reporting line to our ceo and the board's rc. erm manages its responsibilities globally through a three-dimensional organization structure:
•"vertical" business unit-aligned risk groups that support business managers with risk management, measurement and monitoring activities;
•"horizontal" risk groups that monitor the risks that cross all of our business units (for example, credit and operational risk); and
•risk oversight for international activities, which combines intersecting "verticals" and "horizontals" through a hub and spoke model to provide important regional and legal entity perspectives to the global risk framework.
sitting on top of this three-dimensional organization structure is a centralized group responsible for the aggregation of risk exposures across the vertical, horizontal and regional dimensions, for consolidated reporting, for setting the corporate-level risk appetite framework and associated limits and policies, and for dynamic risk assessment across our business.
board committees the board has four committees which assist it in discharging its responsibilities with respect to risk management: the risk committee (rc), the examining and audit committee (e&a committee), the human resources committee (hrc) and the technology and operations committee (tech & ops committee). each of the principal committees of the board has oversight of esg matters within their respective scope of responsibilities, including climate-related matters.
the rc is responsible for oversight related to the operation of our global risk management framework, including policies and procedures establishing risk management governance and processes and risk control infrastructure for our global operations. the rc is responsible for reviewing and discussing with management our assessment and management of all risks applicable to our operations, including credit, market, interest rate, liquidity, operational, regulatory, technology, business, compliance and reputation risks, and related policies.
in addition, the rc provides oversight of capital policies, capital planning and balance sheet management, resolution planning and monitors capital adequacy in relation to risk. the rc is also responsible for discharging the duties and obligations of the board under applicable basel and other regulatory requirements.
the e&a committee oversees management's operation of our comprehensive system of internal controls covering the integrity of our consolidated financial statements and reports, compliance with laws, regulations and corporate policies. the e&a committee acts on behalf of the board in monitoring and overseeing the performance of corporate audit and in reviewing certain communications with banking regulators. the e&a committee has direct responsibility for the appointment, compensation, retention, evaluation and oversight of the work of our independent registered public accounting firm, including sole authority for the establishment of pre-approval policies and procedures for all audit engagements and any non-audit engagements.
the hrc has direct responsibility for the oversight of human capital management, all compensation plans, policies and programs in which executive officers participate and incentive, retirement, welfare as well as equity plans in which certain of our other employees participate. in addition, the hrc oversees the alignment of our incentive compensation arrangements with our safety and soundness, including the integration of risk management objectives, and related policies, arrangements and control processes consistent with applicable related regulatory rules and guidance.
the tech & ops committee leads and assists in the board's oversight of technology and operational risk management and the role of these risks in executing our strategy and supporting our global business requirements. the tech & ops committee reviews strategic initiatives from a technology and operational risk perspective and reviews and approves technology-related risk matters. in addition, tech & ops committee reviews matters related to corporate information security and cybersecurity programs, operational and technology resiliency, data and access management and third-party risk management.
state street corporation | 86
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive management committees mrac is the senior management decision-making body for risk and capital issues, and oversees our financial risks, our consolidated statement of condition, and our capital adequacy, liquidity and recovery and resolution planning. its responsibilities include:
•the approval of the policies of our global risk, capital and liquidity management frameworks, including our risk appetite framework;
•the monitoring and assessment of our capital adequacy based on internal policies and regulatory requirements;
•the oversight of our firm-wide risk identification, model risk governance, stress testing and recovery and resolution plan programs; and
•the ongoing monitoring and review of risks undertaken within the businesses, and our senior management oversight and approval of risk strategies and tactics.
mrac is co-chaired by our cro and chief financial officer, who regularly present to the rc on developments in the risk environment and performance trends in our key business areas.
bcc provides oversight of our business conduct and culture risks and standards, our commitments to clients and others with whom we do business, and our potential reputational risks, on an enterprise-wide basis. management considers adherence to high ethical standards to be critical to the success of our business and to our reputation. the bcc is co-chaired by our chief compliance officer and our general counsel.
torc provides oversight of, and assesses the effectiveness of, corporate-wide technology and operational risk management programs, and reviews areas of improvement to manage and control technology and operational risk consistently across the organization. torc is co-chaired by the chief operating officer and the chief risk officer.
risk committees the following risk committees, under the oversight of the respective executive management committees, have focused responsibilities for oversight of specific areas of risk management:
management risk and capital committee
•alco is the senior corporate oversight and decision-making body for balance sheet strategy, global treasury business activities and risk management for interest rate risk, liquidity risk and non-trading market risk. alco's roles and responsibilities are designed to be complementary to, and in coordination with the mrac, which approves the corporate risk appetite and associated balance sheet strategy;
•cmrc is the independent risk oversight and decision-making body for our credit, counterparty, and trading-related activities. the cmrc is responsible, as part of the second line of defense within erm, for overseeing alignment of these activities with our appetite for risk and prevailing policy and guidelines. this committee also serves as a forum to discuss, address, and escalate material risk issues;
•boc provides oversight and governance over basel related regulatory requirements, assesses compliance with respect to basel regulations and approves all material methodologies and changes, policies and reporting;
•the recovery and resolution planning executive review board oversees the development of recovery and resolution plans as required by banking regulators;
•mrc monitors the overall level of model risk and provides oversight of the model governance process pertaining to financial models, including the validation of key models and the ongoing monitoring of model performance. the mrc may also, as appropriate, mandate remedial actions and compensating controls to be applied to models to address modeling deficiencies as well as other issues identified;
•the ccar steering committee provides primary supervision of the stress tests performed in conformity with the federal reserve's ccar process and the dodd-frank act, and is responsible for the overall management, review, and approval of all material assumptions, methodologies, and results of each stress scenario;
•the state street global advisors risk committee is the most senior oversight and decision making committee for risk management within state street global advisors; the committee is responsible for overseeing the alignment of state street global advisors' strategy, and risk appetite, as well as alignment with our corporate-wide strategies and risk management standards; and
•the country risk committee oversees the identification, assessment, monitoring, reporting and mitigation, where necessary, of country risks.
state street corporation | 87
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•the regulatory reporting oversight committee is responsible for providing oversight of regulatory reporting and related report governance processes and accountabilities.
business conduct committee
•the fiduciary review committee reviews and assesses the fiduciary risk management programs of those units in which we serve in a fiduciary capacity;
•the new business and product committee provides oversight of the evaluation of the risk inherent in proposed new products or services and new business, and extensions of existing products or services, evaluations including economic justification, material risk, compliance, regulatory and legal considerations, and capital and liquidity analyses;
•the core compliance and ethics committee provides review and oversight of our compliance programs, including our culture of compliance and high standards of ethical behavior;
•the legal entity oversight committee establishes standards with respect to the governance of our legal entities, monitors adherence to those standards, and oversees the ongoing evaluation of our legal entity structure, including the formation, maintenance and dissolution of legal entities; and
•the conduct standards committee provides oversight of our enforcement of employee conduct standards.
technology and operational risk committee
•the operational risk committee, along with the support of regional business or entity-specific working groups and committees, is responsible for oversight of our operational risk programs, including determining that the implementation of those programs is designed to identify, manage and control operational risk in an effective and consistent manner across the firm;
•the technology risk committee is responsible for the global oversight, review and monitoring of operational, legal and regulatory compliance and reputational risk that may result in a significant change to our information technology risk profile or a material financial loss or reputational impact to global technology services. the committee serves as a forum to provide regular reporting to torc and escalate technology risk and control issues to torc, as appropriate;
•the enterprise continuity steering committee considers matters pertaining to continuity and related risks, including oversight in determining the direction of the continuity program;
•the global third party and outsourcing risk committee is responsible for overseeing a clear and transparent framework and effective processes for the identification, assessment, and ongoing management of third party and outsourcing-related risks. this committee is also a decision-making body for outsourcing strategy, third party risk acceptance, and the end-to-end third party management process, including the oversight of appropriate controls and risk mitigants that comply with applicable regulatory standards;
•the executive operations management committee is a forum for the development of strategy, decision-making, and escalation for operations, regulatory remediation, product management, technology, and the operating model; and
•the enterprise data management committee oversees the enterprise-wide data management strategy, provides independent oversight of the programs associated with enterprise-wide data management, serves as an escalation point for material and emerging enterprise-wide data management issues, and determines / oversees enterprise-wide data management priorities and strategy.
credit risk management core policies and principles we define credit risk as the risk of financial loss if a counterparty, borrower or obligor, collectively referred to as a counterparty, is either unable or unwilling to repay borrowings or settle a transaction in accordance with underlying contractual terms. we assume credit risk in our traditional non-trading lending activities, such as overdrafts, loans and contingent commitments, in our investment securities portfolio, where recourse to a counterparty exists, and in our direct and indirect trading activities, such as securities purchased under a resale agreement, principal securities lending and foreign exchange and indemnified agency securities lending. we also assume credit risk in our day-to-day treasury and securities and other settlement operations, in the form of deposit placements and other cash balances, with central banks or private sector institutions and fees receivables.
we distinguish between three major types of credit risk:
state street corporation | 88
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•default risk - the risk that a counterparty fails to meet its contractual payment obligations;
•country risk - the risk that we may suffer a loss, in any given country, due to any of the following reasons: deterioration of economic conditions, political and social upheaval, nationalization and appropriation of assets, government repudiation of indebtedness, exchange controls and disruptive currency depreciation or devaluation; and
•settlement risk - the risk that the settlement or clearance of transactions will fail, which arises whenever the exchange of cash, securities and/or other assets is not simultaneous.
the acceptance of credit risk by us is governed by corporate policies and guidelines, which include standardized procedures applied across the entire organization. these policies and guidelines include specific requirements related to each counterparty's risk profile; the markets served; counterparty, industry and country concentrations; and regulatory compliance. these policies and procedures also implement a number of core principles, which include the following:
•we measure and consolidate credit risks to each counterparty, or group of counterparties, in accordance with a "one-obligor" principle that aggregates risks across our business units;
•erm reviews and approves all material extensions of credit, and material changes to such extensions of credit (such as changes in term, collateral structure or covenants), in accordance with assigned credit-approval authorities;
•credit-approval authorities are assigned to individuals according to their qualifications, experience and training, and these authorities are periodically reviewed. our largest exposures require approval by the credit committee, a sub-committee of the cmrc. with respect to small and low-risk extensions of credit to certain types of counterparties, approval authority may be granted to individuals outside of erm;
•we seek to avoid or limit undue concentrations of risk. counterparty (or groups of counterparties), industry, country and product-specific concentrations of risk are subject to frequent review and approval in accordance with our risk appetite;
•we determine the creditworthiness of counterparties through a detailed risk assessment, including the use of internal risk-rating methodologies;
•we review all extensions of credit and the creditworthiness of counterparties at least annually. the nature and extent of these reviews are determined by the size, nature and term of the extensions of credit and the creditworthiness of the counterparty; and
•we subject all corporate policies and guidelines to annual review as an integral part of our periodic assessment of our risk appetite.
our corporate policies and guidelines require that the business units which engage in activities that give rise to credit and counterparty risk comply with procedures that promote the extension of credit for legitimate business purposes; are consistent with the maintenance of proper credit standards; limit credit-related losses; and are consistent with our goal of maintaining a strong financial condition.
structure and organization the credit and global markets risk group within erm is responsible for the assessment, approval and monitoring of credit risk across our business. the group is managed centrally, has dedicated teams in a number of locations worldwide, and is responsible for related policies and procedures, and for our internal credit-rating systems and methodologies. in addition, the group, in conjunction with the business units, establishes measurements and limits to control the amount of credit risk accepted across its various business activities, both at the portfolio level and for each individual counterparty or group of counterparties, to individual sectors, and also to counterparties by product and country of risk. these measurements and limits are reviewed periodically, but at least annually.
in conjunction with other groups in erm, the credit and global markets risk group is jointly responsible for the design, implementation and oversight of our credit risk measurement and management systems, including data and assessment systems, quantification systems and the reporting framework.
various key committees within our company are responsible for the oversight of credit risk and associated credit risk policies, systems and models. all credit-related activities are governed by our risk appetite framework and our credit risk guidelines, which define our general philosophy with respect to credit risk and the manner in which we control, manage and monitor such risks.
the previously described cmrc (refer to "risk committees") has primary responsibility for the oversight, review and approval of the credit risk state street corporation | 89
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations guidelines and policies. credit risk guidelines and policies are reviewed periodically, but at least annually.
the credit committee, a sub-committee of the cmrc, has responsibility for assigning credit authority and approving the largest and higher-risk extensions of credit to individual counterparties or groups of counterparties.
cmrc provides periodic updates to mrac and the board's rc.
credit ratings we perform initial and ongoing reviews to exercise due diligence on the creditworthiness of our counterparties when conducting any business with them or approving any credit limits.
this due diligence process generally includes the assignment of an internal credit rating, which is determined by the use of internally developed and validated methodologies, scorecards and a 15-grade rating scale. this risk-rating process incorporates the use of risk-rating tools in conjunction with management judgment; qualitative and quantitative inputs are captured in a replicable manner and, following a formal review and approval process, an internal credit rating based on our rating scale is assigned. we generally rate our counterparties individually, although some counterparties defined by us as low-risk are rated on a pooled basis. credit ratings are reviewed and approved by the credit and global markets risk group or its delegates. we evaluate and rate the credit risk of our counterparties on an ongoing basis. to facilitate comparability across the portfolio, counterparties within a given sector are rated using a risk-rating tool developed for that sector.
our risk-rating methodologies are approved for use by the portfolio risk committee, a subcommittee of the cmrc, after completion of internal model validation processes, and are subject to an annual review, including re-validation.
risk parameter estimates our internal risk-rating system promotes a clear and consistent approach to the determination of appropriate credit risk classifications for our credit counterparties and exposures, tracking the changes in risk associated with these counterparties and exposures over time. this capability enhances our ability to more accurately calculate both risk exposures and capital, enabling better strategic decision making across the organization.
more specifically, our internal risk rating system is used for the following purposes:
•the assessment of the creditworthiness of new counterparties and, in conjunction with our risk appetite statement, the development of appropriate credit limits for our products and services, including loans, foreign exchange, securities finance, placements and repurchase agreements;
•the automation of limit approvals for certain low-risk counterparties, as defined in our credit risk guidelines, based on the counterparty's probability-of-default;
•the development of approval authority matrices based on pd; riskier counterparties with higher pds require higher levels of approval for a comparable pd and limit size compared to less risky counterparties with lower pds;
•the analysis of risk concentration trends using historical pd and exposure-at-default (or ead), data;
•the determination of the level of management review of short-duration advances depending on pd; riskier counterparties with higher rating class values generally trigger higher levels of management escalation for comparable short-duration advances compared to less risky counterparties with lower rating-class values;
•the monitoring of credit facility utilization levels using ead values and the identification of instances where counterparties have exceeded limits;
•the aggregation and comparison of counterparty exposures with risk appetite levels to determine if businesses are maintaining appropriate risk levels; and
•the determination of our regulatory capital requirements for the airb set forth in the basel framework.
credit risk mitigation we seek to limit our credit exposure and reduce any potential credit losses through the use of various types of credit risk mitigation. the basel iii final rule permits us to reflect the application of credit risk mitigation when it meets the standards outlined therein. examples of forms of credit risk mitigation include collateral, netting, guarantees and secured interest in non-financial assets. where possible, we apply the recognition of collateral, guarantees and secured interest over non-financial assets to mitigate overall risk within our counterparty credit portfolio. while credit default swaps are permitted under the basel iii final rule, we do not actively use credit default swaps as a risk mitigation tool.
state street corporation | 90
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations collateral in many parts of our business, we regularly require or agree for collateral to be received from or provided to clients and counterparties in connection with contracts that incur credit risk. in our trading businesses, this collateral is typically in the form of cash, as well as highly-rated and/or liquid securities (i.e. government securities and other bonds or equity securities). credit risks in our non-trading and securities finance businesses are also often secured by bonds and equity securities and by other types of assets. collateral serves to reduce the risk of loss inherent in an exposure. however, changing market values of the collateral we hold, unexpected increases in the credit exposure to a client or counterparty, reductions in the value or change in the type of securities held by us, as well as operational errors or errors in the manner in which we seek to exercise our rights, may reduce the risk mitigation effects of collateral or result in other security interests not being effective to reduce potential credit exposure. while collateral is often an alternative source of repayment, it does not replace the requirement within our policies and guidelines for high-quality underwriting standards. we also may choose to incur credit exposure without the benefit of collateral or other risk mitigating credits rights.
our credit risk guidelines require that the collateral we accept for risk mitigation purposes is of high quality, can be reliably valued and is supported by a valid security interest that permits liquidation if or when required. generally, when collateral is of lower quality, more difficult to value or more challenging to liquidate, higher discounts to market values are applied for the purposes of measuring credit risk. for certain less liquid collateral, longer liquidation periods are assumed when determining the credit exposure.
all types of collateral are assessed regularly by erm, as is the basis on which the collateral is valued. our assessment of collateral, including the ability to liquidate collateral in the event of a counterparty default, and also with regard to market values of collateral under a variety of hypothetical market conditions, is an integral component of our assessment of risk and approval of credit limits. we also seek to identify, limit and monitor instances of "wrong-way" risk, where a counterparty's risk of default is positively correlated with the risk of our collateral eroding in value.
we maintain policies and procedures requiring that documentation used to collateralize a transaction is legal, valid, binding and enforceable in the relevant jurisdictions. we also conduct legal reviews to assess whether our documentation meets these standards on an ongoing basis.
netting netting is a mechanism that allows institutions and counterparties to net offsetting exposures and payment obligations against one another through the use of qualifying master netting agreements. a master netting agreement allows for certain rights and remedies upon a counterparty default, including the right to net obligations arising under derivatives or other transactions under such agreement. in such an event, the netting of obligations would result in a single net claim owed by, or to, the counterparty. this is commonly referred to as "close-out netting," and is pursued wherever possible. we may also enter into master agreements that allow for the netting of amounts payable on a given day and in the same currency, reducing our settlement risk. this is commonly referred to as "payment netting," and is widely used in our foreign exchange activities.
as with collateral, we have policies and procedures in place to apply close-out and payment netting only to the extent that we have verified legal validity and enforceability of the master agreement. in the case of payment netting, operational constraints may preclude us from reducing settlement risk, notwithstanding the legal right to require the same under the master netting agreement. in the event we become unable, due to operational constraints, actions by regulators, changes in accounting principles, law or regulation (or related interpretations) or other factors, to net some or all of our offsetting exposures and payment obligations under those agreements, we would be required to gross up our assets and liabilities on our statement of condition and our calculation of rwa, accordingly.  this would result in a potentially material change in our regulatory ratios, including lcr, and present increased credit, liquidity, asset-and-liability management and operational risks, some of which could be material.
guarantees a guarantee is a financial instrument that results in credit support being provided by a third party, (i.e., the protection provider) to the underlying obligor (the beneficiary of the provided protection) on account of an exposure owing by the obligor. the protection provider may support the underlying exposure either in whole or in part. support of this kind may take different forms. typical forms of guarantees provided to us include financial guarantees, letters of credit, bankers' acceptances, purchase undertaking agreement contracts and insurance.
we have established a review process to evaluate guarantees under the applicable requirements of our policies and basel iii requirements. governance for this evaluation is covered under policies and procedures that require regular reviews of documentation, jurisdictions and credit quality of protection providers.
state street corporation | 91
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations credit limits central to our philosophy for our management of credit risk is the approval and imposition of credit limits, against which we monitor the actual and potential future credit exposure arising from our business activities with counterparties or groups of counterparties. credit limits are a reflection of our risk appetite, which may be determined by the creditworthiness of the counterparty, the nature of the risk inherent in the business undertaken with the counterparty, or a combination of relevant credit factors. our risk appetite for certain sectors and certain countries and geographic regions may also influence the level of risk we are willing to assume to certain counterparties.
the analysis and approval of credit limits is undertaken in a consistent manner across our businesses, although the nature and extent of the analysis may vary, based on the type, term and magnitude of the risk being assumed. credit limits and underlying exposures are assessed and measured on both a gross and net basis where appropriate, with net exposure determined by deducting the value of any collateral held. for certain types of risk being assumed, we will also assess and measure exposures under a variety of hypothetical market conditions. credit limit approvals across our business are undertaken by the credit and global markets risk group, by individuals to whom credit authority has been delegated, or by the credit committee.
credit limits are re-evaluated annually, or more frequently as needed, and are revised periodically on prevailing and anticipated market conditions, changes in counterparty or country-specific credit ratings and outlook, changes in our risk appetite for certain counterparties, sectors or countries, and enhancements to the measurement of credit utilization.
reporting ongoing active monitoring and management of our credit risk is an integral part of our credit risk management framework. we maintain management information systems to identify, measure, monitor and report credit risk across businesses and legal entities, enabling erm and our businesses to have timely access to accurate information on credit limits and exposures. monitoring is performed along the dimensions of counterparty, industry, country and product-specific risks to facilitate the identification of concentrations of risk and emerging trends.
key aspects of this credit risk reporting structure include governance and oversight groups and policies that define standards for the reporting of credit risk, data aggregation and sourcing systems.
the credit and global markets risk group routinely assesses the composition of our overall credit risk portfolio for alignment with our stated risk appetite. this assessment includes routine analysis and reporting of the portfolio, monitoring of market-based indicators, the assessment of industry trends and developments and regular reviews of concentrated risks. the credit and global markets risk group is also responsible, in conjunction with the business units, for defining the appetite for credit risk in the major sectors in which we have a concentration of business activities. these sector-level risk appetite statements, which include counterparty selection criteria and granular underwriting guidelines, are reviewed periodically and approved by the cmrc.
monitoring regular surveillance of credit and counterparty risks is undertaken by our business units, the credit and global markets risk group and designees with erm, allowing for frequent and extensive oversight. this surveillance process includes, but is not limited to, the following components:
•annual reviews. a formal review of counterparties is conducted at least annually and includes a thorough review of operating performance, primary risk factors and our internal credit risk rating. this annual review also includes a review of current and proposed credit limits, an assessment of our ongoing risk appetite and verification that supporting legal documentation remains effective.
•interim monitoring. monitoring of our largest and riskiest counterparties is undertaken more frequently, utilizing financial information, market indicators and other relevant credit and performance measures. the nature and extent of this interim monitoring is individually tailored to certain counterparties and/or industry sectors to identify material changes to the risk profile of a counterparty (or group of counterparties) and assign an updated internal risk rating in a timely manner.
we maintain an active "watch list" for all counterparties. the watch list status denotes a concern with some aspect of a counterparty's risk profile that warrants closer monitoring of the counterparty's financial performance and related risk factors. our ongoing monitoring processes are designed to facilitate the early identification of counterparties whose creditworthiness is deteriorating; any counterparty may be placed on the watch list by erm at its sole discretion.
counterparties on the watch list generally correspond with the non-investment grade or near state street corporation | 92
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations non-investment grade ratings established by the major independent credit-rating agencies. the watch list also includes any counterparties rated "special mention," "substandard," "doubtful" and "loss."
the credit and global markets risk group maintains primary responsibility for our watch list processes, and generates a quarterly report of all watch list counterparties. the watch list is formally reviewed at least on a quarterly basis, with participation from senior erm staff, and representatives from the business units and our corporate finance and legal groups as appropriate. these meetings include a review of individual watch list counterparties, together with credit limits and prevailing exposures, and are focused on actions to contain, reduce or eliminate the risk of loss to us. identified actions are documented and monitored.
controls gcr provides a separate level of surveillance and oversight over the integrity of our credit risk management processes, including the internal risk-rating system. gcr reviews counterparty credit ratings for all identified sectors on an ongoing basis. gcr is subject to oversight by the cmrc, and provides periodic updates to the board's rc.
specific activities of gcr include the following:
•perform separate and objective assessments of our credit and counterparty exposures to determine the nature and extent of risk undertaken by the business units;
•execute periodic credit process and credit product reviews to assess the quality of credit analysis, compliance with policies, guidelines and relevant regulation, transaction structures and underwriting standards, and risk-rating integrity;
•identify and monitor developing counterparty, market and/or industry sector trends to limit risk of loss and protect capital;
•deliver regular and formal reporting to stakeholders, including exam results, identified issues and the status of requisite actions to remedy identified deficiencies;
•allocate resources for specialized risk assessments (on an as-needed basis); and
•liaise with assurance partners and regulatory personnel on matters relating to risk rating, reporting and measurement.
allowance for credit losses we maintain an allowance for credit losses to support our financial assets held at amortized cost. we also maintain an allowance for unfunded commitments and letters of credit to support our off-
balance sheet credit exposure. the two components together represent the allowance for credit losses. review and evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses is ongoing throughout the year, but occurs at least quarterly, and is based, among other factors, on our evaluation of the level of risk in the portfolio and the estimated effects of our forecasts on our counterparty risk. we utilize multiple economic scenarios, consisting of a baseline, upside and downside scenarios, to develop management's forecast of expected losses.
the economic forecast utilized throughout 2021 reflects observed and expected improvements in both credit quality and economic outlook. allowance estimates remain subject to continued model and economic uncertainty and management may use qualitative adjustments. if future data and forecasts deviate relative to the forecasts utilized to determine our allowance for credit losses as of december 31, 2021, or if credit risk migration is higher or lower than forecasted for reasons independent of the economic forecast, our allowance for credit losses will also change.
additional information about the allowance for credit losses is provided in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
liquidity risk management our liquidity framework contemplates areas of potential risk based on our activities, size and other appropriate risk-related factors. in managing liquidity risk we employ limits, maintain established metrics and early warning indicators and perform routine stress testing to identify potential liquidity needs. this process involves the evaluation of a combination of internal and external scenarios which assist us in measuring our liquidity position and in identifying potential increases in cash needs or decreases in available sources of cash, as well as the potential impairment of our ability to access the global capital markets.
we manage our liquidity on a global, consolidated basis. we also manage liquidity on a stand-alone basis at our parent company, as well as at certain branches and subsidiaries of state street bank. state street bank generally has access to markets and funding sources limited to banks, such as the federal funds market and the federal reserve's discount window. the parent company is managed to a more conservative liquidity profile, reflecting narrower market access. additionally, the parent company typically holds, or has direct access to, primarily through ssif, a direct subsidiary of the parent company, and the support agreement, as discussed in "supervision and regulation" in business in this form 10-k, enough cash to meet its current debt maturities and cash needs, as well as those projected over the next one-year period. absent state street corporation | 93
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations financial distress at the parent company, the liquid assets available at ssif continue to be available to the parent company. as of december 31, 2021, the value of our parent company's net liquid assets totaled $482 million, compared with $492 million as of december 31, 2020, which amount does not include available liquidity through ssif. as of december 31, 2021, our parent company and state street bank had no senior notes or subordinated debentures outstanding that will mature in the next twelve months.
as a sifi, our liquidity risk management activities are subject to heightened and evolving regulatory requirements, including interpretations of those requirements, under specific u.s. and international regulations and also resulting from published and unpublished guidance, supervisory activities, such as stress tests, resolution planning, examinations and other regulatory interactions. satisfaction of these requirements could, in some cases, result in changes in the composition of our investment portfolio, reduced nii or nim, a reduction in the level of certain business activities or modifications to the way in which we deliver our products and services. if we fail to meet regulatory requirements to the satisfaction of our regulators, we could receive negative regulatory stress test results, incur a resolution plan deficiency or determination of a non-credible resolution plan or otherwise receive an adverse regulatory finding. our efforts to satisfy, or our failure to satisfy, these regulatory requirements could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
governance global treasury is responsible for our management of liquidity. this includes the day-to-day management of our global liquidity position, the development and monitoring of early warning indicators, key liquidity risk metrics, the creation and execution of stress tests, the evaluation and implementation of regulatory requirements, the maintenance and execution of our liquidity guidelines and contingency funding plan (cfp), and routine management reporting to alco, mrac and the board's rc.
global treasury risk management, part of erm, provides separate oversight over the identification, communication and management of global treasury's risks in support of our business strategy. global treasury risk management reports to the cro. global treasury risk management's responsibilities relative to liquidity risk management include the development and review of policies and guidelines; the monitoring of limits related to adherence to the liquidity risk guidelines and associated reporting.
liquidity framework our liquidity framework contemplates areas of potential risk based on our activities, size and other appropriate risk-related factors. in managing liquidity risk we employ limits, maintain established metrics and early warning indicators, and perform routine stress testing to identify potential liquidity needs. this process involves the evaluation of a combination of internal and external scenarios which assist us in measuring our liquidity position and in identifying potential increases in cash needs or decreases in available sources of cash, as well as the potential impairment of our ability to access the global capital markets.
we manage liquidity according to several principles that are equally important to our overall liquidity risk management framework:
•structural liquidity management addresses liquidity by monitoring and directing the composition of our consolidated statement of condition. structural liquidity is measured by metrics such as the percentage of total wholesale funds to consolidated total assets, and the percentage of non-government investment securities to client deposits. in addition, on a regular basis and as described below, our structural liquidity is evaluated under various stress scenarios.
•tactical liquidity management addresses our day-to-day funding requirements and is largely driven by changes in our primary source of funding, which are client deposits. fluctuations in client deposits may be supplemented with short-term borrowings, repurchase agreements, fhlb products and certificates of deposit.
•stress testing and contingent funding planning are longer-term strategic liquidity risk management practices. regular and ad hoc liquidity stress testing are performed under various severe but plausible scenarios at the consolidated level and at significant subsidiaries, including state street bank. these tests contemplate severe market and events specific to us under various time horizons and severities. tests contemplate the impact of material changes in key funding sources, credit ratings, additional collateral requirements, contingent uses of funding, systemic shocks to the financial markets and operational failures based on market and assumptions specific to us. the stress tests evaluate the required level of funding versus available sources in an adverse environment. as stress testing contemplates potential forward-looking scenarios, results also serve state street corporation | 94
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations as a trigger to activate specific liquidity stress levels and contingent funding actions.
cfps are designed to assist senior management with decision-making associated with any contingency funding response to a possible or actual crisis scenario. the cfps define roles, responsibilities and management actions to be taken in the event of deterioration of our liquidity profile caused by either an event specific to us or a broader disruption in the capital markets. specific actions are linked to the level of stress indicated by these measures or by management judgment of market conditions.
liquidity risk metrics in managing our liquidity, we employ early warning indicators and metrics. early warning indicators are intended to detect situations which may result in a liquidity stress, including changes in our common stock price and the spread on our long-term debt. additional metrics that are critical to the management of our consolidated statement of condition and monitored as part of our routine liquidity management include measures of our fungible cash position, purchased wholesale funds, unencumbered liquid assets, deposits and the total of investment securities and loans as a percentage of total client deposits.
asset liquidity central to the management of our liquidity is asset liquidity, which consists primarily of hqla. hqla is the amount of liquid assets that qualify for inclusion in the lcr. as a banking organization, we are subject to a minimum lcr under the lcr rule approved by u.s. banking regulators. the lcr is intended to promote the short-term resilience of internationally active banking organizations, like us, to improve the banking industry's ability to absorb shocks arising from market stress over a 30 calendar day period and improve the measurement and management of liquidity risk. the lcr measures an institution's hqla against its net cash outflows. hqla primarily consists of unencumbered cash and certain high quality liquid securities that qualify for inclusion under the lcr rule. we report lcr to the federal reserve daily. for the quarters ended december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, daily average lcr for the parent company was 105% and 108%, respectively, with the lower daily average lcr for the quarter ended december 31, 2021 driven primarily by higher deposits. the parent company lcr does not benefit from the increase in higher deposits as their hqla is partially restricted by a cap on the hqla from state street bank and trust under the u.s. lcr final rule as it prohibits the upstreaming of liquidity to the parent company under stress. the average hqla for the parent company under the lcr final rule definition was $159.36 billion and $143.61 billion, post-prescribed haircuts, for the quarters ended december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively. the increase in average hqla for the quarter ended december 31, 2021, compared to the quarter ended december 31, 2020, was primarily due to a higher level of client deposits. for the quarter ended december 31, 2021, lcr for state street bank and trust was approximately 129%. state street bank and trust's lcr is higher than the parent company's lcr, primarily due to application of the transferability restriction in the lcr final rule to the calculation of the parent company's lcr. this restriction limits the hqla used in the calculation of the parent company's lcr to the amount of net cash outflows of its principal banking subsidiary (state street bank and trust). this transferability restriction does not apply in the calculation of state street bank and trust's lcr, and therefore state street bank and trust's lcr reflects the benefit of all of its hqla holdings.
we maintained average cash balances in excess of regulatory requirements governing deposits with the federal reserve of approximately $83.48 billion at the federal reserve, the ecb and other non-u.s. central banks for the quarter ended december 31, 2021, and $75.68 billion for the quarter ended december 31, 2020. the higher levels of average cash balances with central banks reflect higher levels of client deposits.
liquid securities carried in our asset liquidity include securities pledged without corresponding advances from the federal reserve bank of boston (frbb), the fhlb, and other non-u.s. central banks. state street bank is a member of the fhlb. this membership allows for advances of liquidity in varying terms against high-quality collateral, which helps facilitate asset-and-liability management. as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, we had no outstanding borrowings from the fhlb.
access to primary, intra-day and contingent liquidity provided by these utilities is an important source of contingent liquidity with utilization subject to underlying conditions. as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, we had no outstanding primary credit borrowings from the frbb discount window or any other central bank facility.
in addition to the securities included in our asset liquidity, we have significant amounts of other unencumbered investment securities. these securities are available sources of liquidity, although not as rapidly deployed as those included in our asset liquidity.
the average fair value of total unencumbered securities was $99.47 billion for the quarter ended december 31, 2021, compared to $89.12 billion for the quarter ended december 31, 2020.
state street corporation | 95
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations measures of liquidity include lcr and nsfr, which are described in "supervision and regulation" in business in this form 10-k.
uses of liquidity significant uses of our liquidity could result from the following: withdrawals of client deposits; draw-downs by our custody clients of lines of credit; advances to clients to settle securities transactions; increases in our investment and loan portfolios; or other permitted purposes. such circumstances would generally arise under stress conditions including deterioration in credit ratings. a recurring use of our liquidity involves our deployment of hqla from our investment portfolio to post collateral to financial institutions serving as sources of securities under our enhanced custody program.
we had unfunded commitments to extend credit with gross contractual amounts totaling $33.03 billion and $34.21 billion and standby letters of credit totaling $3.24 billion and $3.33 billion as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively. these amounts do not reflect the value of any collateral. as of december 31, 2021, approximately 76% of our unfunded commitments to extend credit and 43% of our standby letters of credit expire within one year. since many of our commitments are expected to expire or renew without being drawn upon, the gross contractual amounts do not necessarily represent our future cash requirements.
information about our resolution planning and the impact actions under our resolution plans could have on our liquidity is provided in "supervision and regulation" in business in this form 10-k.
funding deposits we provide products and services including custody, accounting, administration, daily pricing, fx services, cash management, financial asset management, securities finance and investment advisory services. as a provider of these products and services, we generate client deposits, which have generally provided a stable, low-cost source of funds. as a global custodian, clients place deposits with our entities in various currencies. as of both december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, approximately 65% of our average total deposit balances were denominated in u.s. dollars, approximately 15% in eur, 10% in gbp and 10% in all other currencies.
short-term funding our on-balance sheet liquid assets are also an integral component of our liquidity management strategy. these assets provide liquidity through maturities of the assets, but more importantly, they provide us with the ability to raise funds by pledging the securities as collateral for borrowings or through outright sales. in addition, our access to the global capital markets gives us the ability to source incremental funding from wholesale investors. as discussed earlier under "asset liquidity," state street bank's membership in the fhlb allows for advances of liquidity with varying terms against high-quality collateral.
short-term secured funding also comes in the form of securities lent or sold under agreements to repurchase. these transactions are short-term in nature, generally overnight and are collateralized by high-quality investment securities. these balances were $1.58 billion and $3.41 billion as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively.
state street bank currently maintains a line of credit with a financial institution of cad $1.40 billion, or approximately $1.11 billion, as of december 31, 2021, to support its canadian securities processing operations. the line of credit has no stated termination date and is cancellable by either party with prior notice. as of both december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, there was no balance outstanding on this line of credit.
long-term funding we have the ability to issue debt and equity securities under our current universal shelf registration statement to meet current commitments and business needs, including accommodating the transaction and cash management needs of our clients. the total amount remaining for issuance under the registration statement is $3.75 billion as of december 31, 2021. in addition, state street bank also has current authorization from the board to issue up to $5 billion in unsecured senior debt.
on march 3, 2021, we issued $850 million aggregate principal amount of 2.200% senior subordinated notes due 2031.
in september 2021, we completed a public offering of approximately 21.7 million shares of our common stock to provide partial funding for our $3.5 billion planned acquisition of the bbh investor services business. the offering price was $87.60 per share and net proceeds totaled approximately $1.9 billion.
on november 18, 2021, we issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 1.684% fixed-to-floating rate senior notes due 2027.
state street corporation | 96
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations agency credit ratings our ability to maintain consistent access to liquidity is fostered by the maintenance of high investment grade ratings as measured by the major independent credit rating agencies. factors essential to maintaining high credit ratings include:
•diverse and stable core earnings;
•relative market position;
•strong risk management;
•strong capital ratios;
•diverse liquidity sources, including the global capital markets and client deposits;
•strong liquidity monitoring procedures; and
•preparedness for current or future regulatory developments.
high ratings limit borrowing costs and enhance our liquidity by:
•providing assurance for unsecured funding and depositors;
•increasing the potential market for our debt and improving our ability to offer products;
•serving markets; and
•engaging in transactions in which clients value high credit ratings.
a downgrade or reduction of our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity by restricting our ability to access the capital markets, which could increase the related cost of funds. in turn, this could cause the sudden and large-scale withdrawal of unsecured deposits by our clients, which could lead to draw-downs of unfunded commitments to extend credit or trigger requirements under securities purchase commitments; or require additional collateral or force terminations of certain trading derivative contracts.
a majority of our derivative contracts have been entered into under bilateral agreements with counterparties who may require us to post collateral or terminate the transactions based on changes in our credit ratings. we assess the impact of these arrangements by determining the collateral that would be required assuming a downgrade by all rating agencies. the additional collateral or termination payments related to our net derivative liabilities under these arrangements that could have been called by counterparties in the event of a downgrade in our credit ratings below levels specified in the agreements is provided in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k. other funding sources, such as secured financing transactions and other margin requirements, for which there are no explicit triggers, could also be adversely affected.
table 31: credit ratings as of december 31, 2021
standard &amp; poor's                     moody's investors service                    fitch state street:
senior debt                         a                                         a1                                           aa-
subordinated debt                   a-                                        a2                                           a junior subordinated debt            bbb                                       a3                                           nr preferred stock                     bbb                                       baa1                                         bbb+
outlook                             stable                                    stable                                       stable state street bank:
short-term deposits                 a-1+                                      p-1                                          f1+
long-term deposits                  aa-                                       aa1                                          aa+
senior debt/long-term issuer        aa-                                       aa3                                          aa subordinated debt                   a                                         aa3                                          a+
outlook                             stable                                    stable                                       stable state street corporation | 97
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contractual cash obligations and other commitments the long-term contractual cash obligations included within table 32: long-term contractual cash obligations were recorded in our consolidated statement of condition as of december 31, 2021, except for the interest portions of long-term debt and finance leases.
table 32: long-term contractual cash obligations december 31, 2021                         payments due by period
(in millions)                             less than 1                                 1-3                             4-5                  over 5                            total year                                      years                           years                  years long-term debt(1)(2)                      $-                                  $5,131                          $3,816                       $4,364                      $13,311
operating leases                          158                                    257                             172        162                                            749
finance lease obligations(2)              71                                      89                              10                       -                               170
tax liability                             -                                       35                              27                       -                                62
total contractual cash obligations        $229                                $5,512                          $4,025                       $4,526                      $14,292
(1) long-term debt excludes finance lease obligations (presented as a separate line item) and the effect of interest rate swaps. interest payments were calculated at the stated rate with the exception of floating-rate debt, for which payments were calculated using the indexed rate in effect as of december 31, 2021.
(2) additional information about contractual cash obligations related to long-term debt and operating and finance leases is provided in notes 9 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
total contractual cash obligations shown in table 32: long-term contractual cash obligations do not include:
•obligations which will be settled in cash, primarily in less than one year, such as client deposits, federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements and other short-term borrowings. additional information about deposits, federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements and other short-term borrowings is provided in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
•obligations related to derivative instruments because the derivative-related amounts recorded in our consolidated statement of condition as of december 31, 2021 did not represent the amounts that may ultimately be paid under the contracts upon settlement. additional information about our derivative instruments is provided in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k. we have obligations under pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, with additional information provided in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k, which are not included in table 32: long-term contractual cash obligations.
table 33: other commercial commitments duration of commitment as of december 31, 2021
(in millions)                                  less than                                 1-3                         4-5                     over 5                    total amountscommitted(1)
1 year                               years                       years                      years indemnified securities financing          $385,740                                  $-                            $-                        $-                               $385,740
unfunded credit facilities                  22,082                               6,410                         4,252                       282                                 33,026
standby letters of credit                    1,377                               1,287                           573                         -                                  3,237
purchase obligations(2)                         86         158                                                   114                        15        373
total commercial commitments              $409,285                              $7,855                        $4,939                      $297                               $422,376
(1) total amounts committed reflect participations to independent third parties, if any.
(2) amounts represent obligations pursuant to legally binding agreements, where we have agreed to purchase products or services with a specific minimum quantity defined at a fixed, minimum or variable price over a specified period of time.
additional information about the commitments presented in table 33: other commercial commitments, except for purchase obligations, is provided in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
state street corporation | 98
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations operational risk management overview operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. operational risk encompasses fiduciary risk and legal risk. fiduciary risk is defined as the risk that we fail to properly exercise our fiduciary duties in our provision of products or services to clients. legal risk is the risk of loss resulting from failure to comply with laws and contractual obligations.
operational risk is inherent in the performance of investment servicing and investment management activities on behalf of our clients. whether it be fiduciary risk, risk associated with execution and processing or other types of operational risk, a consistent, transparent and effective operational risk framework is key to identifying, monitoring and managing operational risk.
we have established an operational risk framework that is based on three major goals:
•strong, active governance;
•ownership and accountability; and
•consistency and transparency.
governance our board is responsible for the approval and oversight of our overall operational risk framework. it does so through its tops, which reviews our operational risk framework and approves our operational risk policy annually.
our operational risk policy establishes our approach to our management of operational risk across our business. the policy identifies the responsibilities of individuals and committees charged with oversight of the management of operational risk, and articulates a broad mandate that supports implementation of the operational risk framework.
erm and other control groups provide the oversight, validation and verification of the management and measurement of operational risk.
executive management actively manages and oversees our operational risk framework through membership on various risk management committees, including mrac, the bcc, torc, the operational risk committee, the executive information security steering committee, the enterprise continuity steering committee, the compliance and ethics committee, the vendor management lifecycle executive review board and the fiduciary review committee, all of which ultimately report to the appropriate committee of the board.
the operational risk committee, chaired by the global head of operational risk, provides cross-business oversight of operational risk, operational risk programs and their implementation to identify, measure, manage and control operational risk in an effective and consistent manner and reviews and approves operational risk guidelines intended to maintain a consistent implementation of our corporate operational risk policy and framework.
ownership and accountability we have implemented our operational risk framework to support the broad mandate established by our operational risk policy. this framework represents an integrated set of processes and tools that assists us in the management and measurement of operational risk, including our calculation of required capital and rwa.
the framework takes a comprehensive view and integrates the methods and tools used to manage and measure operational risk. the framework utilizes aspects of the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (coso) framework and other industry leading practices, and is designed foremost to address our risk management needs while complying with regulatory requirements. the operational risk framework is intended to provide a number of important benefits, including:
•a common understanding of operational risk management and its supporting processes;
•the clarification of responsibilities for the management of operational risk across our business;
•the alignment of business priorities with risk management objectives;
•the active management of risk and early identification of emerging risks;
•the consistent application of policies and the collection of data for risk management and measurement; and
•the estimation of our operational risk capital requirement.
the operational risk framework employs a distributed risk management infrastructure executed by erm groups aligned with the business units, which are responsible for the implementation of the operational risk framework at the business unit level.
as with other risks, senior business unit management is responsible for the day-to-day operational risk management of their respective businesses. it is business unit management's responsibility to provide oversight of the implementation and ongoing execution of the operational risk framework within their respective state street corporation | 99
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations organizations, as well as coordination and communication with erm.
consistency and transparency a number of corporate control functions are directly responsible for implementing and assessing various aspects of our operational risk framework, with the overarching goal of consistency and transparency to meet the evolving needs of the business:
•the global head of operational risk, a member of the cro's executive management team, leads erm's corporate orm group. orm is responsible for the strategy, evolution and consistent implementation of our operational risk guidelines, framework and supporting tools across our business. orm reviews and analyzes operational key risk information, events, metrics and indicators at the business unit and corporate level for purposes of risk management, reporting and escalation to the cro, senior management and governance committees;
•erm's centralized modeling and analytics group develops and maintains operational risk capital estimation models, and orm's capital analysis group calculates our required capital for operational risk;
•erm's mvg independently validates the quantitative models used to measure operational risk, and orm performs validation checks on the output of the model;
•cis establishes the framework, policies and related programs to measure, monitor and report on information security risks, including the effectiveness of cybersecurity program protections. cis defines and manages the enterprise-wide information security program. cis coordinates with information technology, control functions and business units to support the confidentiality, integrity and availability of corporate information assets. cis identifies and employs a risk-based methodology consistent with applicable regulatory cybersecurity requirements and monitors the compliance of our systems with information security policies; and
•corporate audit performs separate reviews of the application of operational risk management practices and methodologies utilized across our business.
our operational risk framework consists of five components, each described below, which provide a working structure that integrates distinct risk programs into a continuous process focused on managing and measuring operational risk in a coordinated and consistent manner.
risk identification and assessments the objective of risk identification and assessments is to understand business unit strategy, risk profile and potential exposures. it is achieved through a series of risk assessments across our business using techniques for the identification, assessment and measurement of risk across a spectrum of potential frequency and severity combinations, including business-specific programs to identify, assess and measure risk, such as new business and product review and approval, new client screening, and, as deemed appropriate, targeted risk assessments. two primary risk assessment programs, which occur annually, augmented by other business-specific programs, are the core of this component:
•the risk and control assessment program seeks to understand the risks associated with day-to-day activities, and the effectiveness of controls intended to manage potential exposures arising from these activities. these risks are typically frequent in nature but generally not severe in terms of exposure; and
•the material risk identification process utilizes a bottom-up approach to identify our most significant risk exposures across all on- and off-balance sheet risk-taking activities. the program is specifically designed to consider risks that could have a material impact irrespective of their likelihood or frequency. this can include risks that may have an impact on longer-term business objectives, such as significant change management activities or long-term strategic initiatives.
capital analysis the primary measurement tool used is an internally developed loss distribution approach (lda) model. we use the lda model to quantify required operational risk capital, from which we calculate rwa related to operational risk. such required capital and rwa totaled $3.64 billion and $45.60 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2021, compared to $3.53 billion and $44.15 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2020; refer to the "capital" section in "financial condition," of this management's discussion and analysis.
the lda model incorporates the three required operational risk elements described below:
•internal loss event data is collected from across our business in conformity with our operating loss policy that establishes the state street corporation | 100
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations requirements for collecting and reporting individual loss events. we categorize the data into seven basel-defined event types and further subdivide the data by business unit, as deemed appropriate. each of these loss events are represented in a uom which is used to estimate a specific amount of capital required for the types of loss events that fall into each specific category. some uoms are measured at the corporate level because they are not "business specific," such as damage to physical assets, where the cause of an event is not primarily driven by the behavior of a single business unit. internal losses of $500 or greater are captured, analyzed and included in the modeling approach. loss event data is collected using a corporate-wide data collection tool, incident capture and management system (icams), to support processes related to analysis, management reporting and the calculation of required capital. internal loss event data provides our frequency and severity information to our capital calculation process for historical loss events experienced by us. internal loss event data may be incorporated into our lda model in a future quarter following the realization of the losses, with the timing and categorization dependent on the processes for model updates and, if applicable, model revalidation and regulatory review and related supervisory processes. an individual loss event can have a significant effect on the output of our lda model and our operational risk rwa under the advanced approaches depending on the severity of the loss event, its categorization among the seven basel-defined uoms and the stability of the distributional approach for a particular uom;
•external loss event data provides information with respect to loss event severity from other financial institutions to inform our capital estimation process of events in similar business units at other banking organizations. this information supplements the data pool available for use in our lda model. assessments of the sufficiency of internal data and the relevance of external data are completed before pooling the two data sources for use in our lda model; and
•business environment and internal control factors are gathered from internal loss event data and business-relevant metrics, such as risk assessment program results, along with industry loss event data and case studies where appropriate. business environment and internal control factors are those characteristics of a bank's internal and external operating environment that bear an exposure to operational risk. the use of this information indirectly influences our calculation of required capital by providing additional relevant data to workshop participants when reviewing specific uom risks.
monitoring, reporting and analytics the objective of risk monitoring is to proactively monitor the changing business environment and corresponding operational risk exposure. it is achieved through a series of quantitative and qualitative monitoring tools that are designed to allow us to understand changes in the business environment, internal control factors, risk metrics, risk assessments, exposures and operating effectiveness, as well as details of loss events and progress on risk initiatives implemented to mitigate potential risk exposures.
operational risk reporting is intended to provide transparency, thereby enabling management to manage risk, provide oversight and escalate issues in a timely manner. it is designed to allow the business units, executive management, and the board's control functions and committees to gain insight into activities that may result in risks and potential exposures. reports are intended to identify business activities that are experiencing processing issues, whether or not they result in actual loss events. reporting includes results of monitoring activities, internal and external examinations, regulatory reviews and control assessments. these elements combine in a manner designed to provide a view of potential and emerging risks facing us and information that details its progress on managing risks.
effectiveness and testing the objective of effectiveness and testing is to verify that internal controls are designed appropriately, are consistent with corporate and regulatory standards, and are operating effectively. it is achieved through a series of assessments by both internal and external parties, independent registered public accounting firms, business self-assessments and other control function reviews, such as a sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 (sox) testing program.
consistent with our standard model validation process, the operational risk lda model is subject to a detailed review, overseen by the mrc. in addition, the model is subject to a rigorous internal governance process. all changes to the model or input parameters, and the deployment of model updates, are reviewed and approved by the operational risk committee, which has oversight responsibility for the model, with technical input from the mrc.
state street corporation | 101
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations documentation and guidelines documentation and guidelines allow for consistency and repeatability of the various processes that support the operational risk framework across our business.
operational risk guidelines document our practices and describe the key elements in a business unit's operational risk management program. the purpose of the guidelines is to set forth and define key operational risk terms, provide further detail on our operational risk programs, and detail the business units' responsibilities to identify, assess, measure, monitor and report operational risk. the guideline supports our operational risk policy.
data standards have been established to maintain consistent data repositories and systems that are controlled, accurate and available on a timely basis to support operational risk management.
information technology risk management overview and principles we define technology risk as the risk associated with the use, ownership, operation, involvement, influence and adoption of information technology. technology risk includes risks potentially triggered by technology non-compliance with regulatory obligations, information security and privacy incidents, business disruption, technology internal control and process gaps, technology operational events and adoption of new business technologies.
the principal technology risks within our technology risk policy and risk appetite framework include:
•third party and vendor management risk;
•business disruption and technology resiliency risk;
•technology change management risk;
•cyber and information security risk;
•technology asset and configuration risk; and
•technology obsolescence risk.
governance our board is responsible for the approval and oversight of our overall technology risk framework and program. it does so through its tops, which reviews and approves our technology risk policy and appetite framework annually.
our technology risk policy establishes our approach to our management of technology risk across our business. the policy identifies the responsibilities of individuals and committees charged with oversight of the management of technology risk and articulates a broad mandate that supports implementation of the technology risk framework.
risk control functions in the business are responsible for adopting and executing the information technology risk framework and reporting requirements. they do this, in part, by developing and maintaining an inventory of critical applications and supporting infrastructure, as well as identifying, assessing and measuring technology risk utilizing the technology risk framework. they are also responsible for monitoring and evaluating risk on a continual basis using key risk indicators, risk reporting and adopting appropriate risk responses to risk issues.
the chief technology risk officer, a member of the cro's executive management team, leads the enterprise technology risk management (etrm) function. etrm is the separate risk function responsible for the technology risk strategy and appetite, and technology risk framework development and execution. etrm also performs overall technology risk monitoring and reporting to the board, and provides a separate view of the technology risk posture to executive leadership.
we manage technology risks by:
•coordinating various risk assessment and risk management activities, including erm operational risk programs;
•establishing, through torc and tops of the board, the enterprise level technology risk and cyber risk appetite and limits;
•producing enterprise level risk reporting, aggregation, dashboards, profiles and risk appetite statements;
•validating appropriateness of reporting of information technology risks and risk acceptance to senior management risk committees and the board;
•promoting a strong technology risk culture through communication;
•serving as an escalation and challenge point for technology risk policy guidance, expectations and clarifications;
•assessing effectiveness of key enterprise information technology risk and internal control remediation programs; and
•providing risk oversight, challenge and monitoring for the global continuity and third party vendor management program, including the collection of risk appetite, metrics and key risk indicators, and reviewing issue management processes and consistent program adoption.
state street corporation | 102
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cybersecurity risk management cybersecurity risk is managed as part of our overall information technology risk framework as outlined above under the direction of our chief information security officer.
we recognize the significance of cyber-attacks and have taken steps to mitigate the risks associated with them. we have made significant investments in building a mature cybersecurity program to leverage people, technology and processes to protect our systems and the data in our care. we have also implemented a program to help us better measure and manage the cybersecurity risk we face when we engage with third parties for services.
all employees are required to adhere to our cybersecurity policy and standards. our centralized information security group provides education and training. this training includes a required annual online training class for all employees, multiple simulated phishing attacks and regular information security awareness materials.
we employ information security officers to help the business better understand and manage their information security risks, as well as to work with the centralized information security team to drive awareness and compliance throughout the business.
we use independent third parties to perform ethical hacks of key systems to help us better understand the effectiveness of our controls and to better implement more effective controls, and we engage with third parties to conduct reviews of our overall program to help us better align our cybersecurity program with what is required of a large financial services organization.
we have an incident response program in place that is designed to enable a well-coordinated response to mitigate the impact of cyber-attacks, recover from the attack and to drive the appropriate level of communication to internal and external stakeholders.
the torc assesses and manages the effectiveness of our cybersecurity program, which is overseen by the tops of our board. the tops receives regular cybersecurity updates throughout the year and is responsible for reviewing and approving the program on an annual basis.
market risk management market risk is defined by u.s. banking regulators as the risk of loss that could result from broad market movements, such as changes in the general level of interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates or commodity prices. we are exposed to market risk in both our trading and certain of our non-trading, or asset-and-liability management, activities.
information about the market risk associated with our trading activities is provided below under "trading activities." information about the market risk associated with our non-trading activities, which consists primarily of interest rate risk, is provided below under "asset-and-liability management activities."
trading activities in the conduct of our trading activities, we assume market risk, the level of which is a function of our overall risk appetite, business objectives and liquidity needs, our clients' requirements and market volatility and our execution against those factors.
we engage in trading activities primarily to support our clients' needs and to contribute to our overall corporate earnings and liquidity. in connection with certain of these trading activities, we enter into a variety of derivative financial instruments to support our clients' needs and to manage our interest rate and currency risk. these activities are generally intended to generate foreign exchange trading services revenue and to manage potential earnings volatility. in addition, we provide services related to derivatives in our role as both a manager and a servicer of financial assets.
our clients use derivatives to manage the financial risks associated with their investment goals and business activities. with the growth of cross-border investing, our clients often enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to convert currency for international investments and to manage the currency risk in their international investment portfolios. as an active participant in the foreign exchange markets, we provide foreign exchange forward and option contracts in support of these client needs, and also act as a dealer in the currency markets.
as part of our trading activities, we assume positions in the foreign exchange and interest rate markets by buying and selling cash instruments and entering into derivative instruments, including foreign exchange forward contracts, foreign exchange and interest rate options and interest rate swaps, interest rate forward contracts and interest rate futures. as of december 31, 2021, the notional amount of these derivative contracts was $2.60 trillion, of which $2.58 trillion was composed of foreign exchange forward, swap and spot contracts. we seek to match positions closely with the objective of mitigating related currency and interest rate risk. all foreign exchange contracts are valued daily at current market rates.
governance our assumption of market risk in our trading activities is an integral part of our corporate risk appetite. our board reviews and oversees our management of market risk, including the approval of key market risk policies and the receipt and review of state street corporation | 103
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations regular market risk reporting, as well as periodic updates on selected market risk topics.
the previously described cmrc (refer to "risk committees") oversees all market risk-taking activities across our business associated with trading. the cmrc, which reports to mrac, is composed of members of erm, our global markets business and our global treasury group, as well as our senior executives who manage our trading businesses and other members of management who possess specialized knowledge and expertise. the cmrc meets regularly to monitor the management of our trading market risk activities.
our business units identify, actively manage and are responsible for the market risks inherent in their businesses. a dedicated market risk management group within erm, and other groups within erm, work with those business units to assist them in the identification, assessment, monitoring, management and control of market risk, and assist business unit managers with their market risk management and measurement activities. erm provides an additional line of oversight, support and coordination designed to promote the consistent identification, measurement and management of market risk across business units, separate from those business units' discrete activities.
the erm market risk management group is responsible for the management of corporate-wide market risk, the monitoring of key market risks and the development and maintenance of market risk management policies, guidelines and standards aligned with our corporate risk appetite. this group also establishes and approves market risk tolerance limits and trading authorities based on, but not limited to, measures of notional amounts, sensitivity, var and stress. such limits and authorities are specified in our trading and market risk guidelines which govern our management of trading market risk.
we are subject to regular monitoring, reviews and supervisory exams of our market risk function by the federal reserve. in addition, we are regulated by, among others, the sec, the financial industry regulatory authority and the u.s. commodities futures trading commission.
risk appetite our corporate market risk appetite is specified in policy statements that outline the governance, responsibilities and requirements surrounding the identification, measurement, analysis, management and communication of market risk arising from our trading activities. these policy statements also set forth the market risk control framework to monitor, support, manage and control this portion of our risk appetite. all groups involved in the management and control of market risk associated with trading activities are required to comply with the qualitative and quantitative elements of these policy statements. our trading market risk control framework is composed of the following:
•a trading market risk management process led by erm, separate from the business units' discrete activities;
•defined responsibilities and authorities for the primary groups involved in trading market risk management;
•a trading market risk measurement methodology that captures correlation effects and allows aggregation of market risk across risk types, markets and business lines;
•daily monitoring, analysis and reporting of market risk exposures associated with trading activities against market risk limits;
•a defined limit structure and escalation process in the event of a market risk limit excess;
•use of var models to measure the one-day market risk exposure of trading positions;
•use of var as a ten-day-based regulatory capital measure of the market risk exposure of trading positions;
•use of non-var-based limits and other controls;
•use of stressed-var models, stress-testing analysis and scenario analysis to support the trading market risk measurement and management process by assessing how portfolios and global business lines perform under extreme market conditions;
•use of back-testing as a diagnostic tool to assess the accuracy of var models and other risk management techniques; and
•a new product approval process that requires market risk teams to assess trading-related market risks and apply risk tolerance limits to proposed new products and business activities.
we use our cap to assess our overall capital and liquidity in relation to our risk profile and provide a comprehensive strategy for maintaining appropriate capital and liquidity levels. with respect to market risk associated with trading activities, our risk management and our calculations of regulatory capital are based primarily on our internal var models and stress testing analysis. as discussed in detail under "value-at-risk and stressed var" below, var is measured daily by erm.
the cmrc oversees our market risk exposure in relation to limits established within our risk appetite framework. these limits define threshold levels for state street corporation | 104
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations var- and stressed var-based measures and are applicable to all trading positions subject to regulatory capital requirements. these limits are designed to prevent any undue concentration of market risk exposure, in light of the primarily non-proprietary nature of our trading activities. the risk appetite framework and associated limits are reviewed and approved by the board's rc.
covered positions our trading positions are subject to regulatory market risk capital requirements if they meet the regulatory definition of a "covered position." a covered position is generally defined by u.s. banking regulators as an on- or off-balance sheet position associated with the organization's trading activities that is free of any restrictions on its tradability, but does not include intangible assets, certain credit derivatives recognized as guarantees and certain equity positions not publicly traded. all fx and commodity positions are considered covered positions, regardless of the accounting treatment they receive. the identification of covered positions for inclusion in our market risk capital framework is governed by our trading and market risk guidelines, which outlines the standards we use to determine whether a trading position is a covered position.
our covered positions consist primarily of the trading portfolios held by our global markets business. they also arise from certain positions held by our global treasury group. these trading positions include products such as foreign exchange spot, foreign exchange forwards, non-deliverable forwards, foreign exchange options, foreign exchange funding swaps, currency futures, financial futures and interest rate futures. new activities are analyzed to determine if the positions arising from such new activities meet the definition of a covered position and conform to our trading and market risk guidelines. this documented analysis, including any decisions with respect to market risk treatments, must receive approval from the cmrc.
we use spot rates, forward points, yield curves and discount factors imported from third-party sources to measure the value of our covered positions, and we use such values to mark our covered positions to market on a daily basis. these values are subject to separate validation by us in order to evaluate reasonableness and consistency with market experience. the mark-to-market gain or loss on spot transactions is calculated by applying the spot rate to the foreign currency principal and comparing the resultant base currency amount to the original transaction principal. the mark-to-market gain or loss on a forward foreign exchange contract or forward cash flow contract is determined as the difference between the life-to-date (historical) value of the cash flow and the value of the cash flow at the inception of the transaction. the mark-to-market gain or loss on interest rate swaps is determined by discounting the future cash flows from each leg of the swap transaction.
value-at-risk and stressed var we use a variety of risk measurement tools and methodologies, including var, which is an estimate of potential loss for a given period within a stated statistical confidence interval. we use a risk measurement methodology to measure trading-related var daily. we have adopted standards for measuring trading-related var, and we maintain regulatory capital for market risk associated with our trading activities in conformity with currently applicable bank regulatory market risk requirements.
we utilize an internal var model to calculate our regulatory market risk capital requirements. we use a historical simulation model to calculate daily var- and stressed var-based measures for our covered positions in conformity with regulatory requirements. our var model seeks to capture identified material risk factors associated with our covered positions, including risks arising from market movements such as changes in foreign exchange rates, interest rates and option-implied volatilities.
we have adopted standards and guidelines to value our covered positions which govern our var- and stressed var-based measures. our regulatory var-based measure is calculated based on historical volatilities of market risk factors during a two-year observation period calibrated to a one-tail, 99% confidence interval and a ten-business-day holding period. we also use the same platform to calculate a one-tail, 99% confidence interval, one-business-day var for internal risk management purposes. a 99% one-tail confidence interval implies that daily trading losses are not expected to exceed the estimated var more than 1% of the time, or less than three business days out of a year.
our market risk models, including our var model, are subject to change in connection with the governance, validation and back-testing processes described below. these models can change as a result of changes in our business activities, our historical experiences, market forces and events, regulations and regulatory interpretations and other factors. in addition, the models are subject to continuing regulatory review and approval. changes in our models may result in changes in our measurements of our market risk exposures, including var, and related measures, including regulatory capital. these changes could result in material changes in those risk measurements and related measures as calculated and compared from period to period.
state street corporation | 105
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations value-at-risk measures var measures are based on the most recent two years of historical price movements for instruments and related risk factors to which we have exposure. the instruments in question are limited to foreign exchange spot, forward and options contracts and interest rate contracts, including futures and interest rate swaps. historically, these instruments have exhibited a higher degree of liquidity relative to other available capital markets instruments. as a result, the var measures shown reflect our ability to rapidly adjust exposures in highly dynamic markets. for this reason, risk inventory, in the form of net open positions, across all currencies is typically limited. in addition, long and short positions in major, as well as minor, currencies provide risk offsets that limit our potential downside exposure.
our var methodology uses a historical simulation approach based on market-observed changes in foreign exchange rates, u.s. and non-u.s. interest rates and implied volatilities, and incorporates the resulting diversification benefits provided from the mix of our trading positions. our var model incorporates approximately 5,000 risk factors and includes correlations among currency, interest rates and other market rates.
all var measures are subject to limitations and must be interpreted accordingly. some, but not all, of the limitations of our var methodology include the following:
•compared to a shorter observation period, a two-year observation period is slower to reflect increases in market volatility (although temporary increases in market volatility will affect the calculation of var for a longer period); consequently, in periods of sudden increases in volatility or increasing volatility, in each case relative to the prior two-year period, the calculation of var may understate current risk;
•compared to a longer observation period, a two-year observation period may not reflect as many past periods of volatility in the markets, because such past volatility is no longer in the observation period; consequently, historical market scenarios of high volatility, even if similar to current or likely future market circumstances, may fall outside the two-year observation period, resulting in a potential understatement of current risk;
•the var-based measure is calibrated to a specified level of confidence and does not indicate the potential magnitude of losses beyond this confidence level;
•in certain cases, var-based measures approximate the impact of changes in risk factors on the values of positions and portfolios; this may happen because the number of inputs included in the var model is necessarily limited; for example, yield curve risk factors do not exist for all future dates;
•the use of historical market information may not be predictive of future events, particularly those that are extreme in nature; this "backward-looking" limitation can cause var to understate or overstate risk;
•the effect of extreme and rare market movements is difficult to estimate; this may result from non-linear risk sensitivities as well as the potential for actual volatility and correlation levels to differ from assumptions implicit in the var calculations; and
•intra-day risk is not captured.
we calculate a stressed var-based measure using the same model we use to calculate var, but with model inputs calibrated to historical data from a range of continuous twelve-month periods that reflect significant financial stress. the stressed var model is designed to identify the second-worst outcome occurring in the worst continuous one-year rolling period since july 2007. this stressed var meets the regulatory requirement as the rolling ten-day period with an outcome that is worse than 99% of other outcomes during that twelve-month period of financial stress. for each portfolio, the stress period is determined algorithmically by seeking the one-year time horizon that produces the largest ten-business-day var from within the available historical data. this historical data set includes the financial crisis of 2008, the highly volatile period surrounding the eurozone sovereign debt crisis and the standard & poor's downgrade of u.s. treasury debt in august 2011. as the historical data set used to determine the stress period expands over time, future market stress events will be incorporated.
stress testing we have a corporate-wide stress testing program in place that incorporates an array of techniques to measure the potential loss we could suffer in a hypothetical scenario of adverse economic and financial conditions. we also monitor concentrations of risk such as concentration by branch, risk component, and currency pairs. we conduct stress testing on a daily basis based on selected historical stress events that are relevant to our positions in order to estimate the potential impact to our current portfolio should similar market conditions recur, and we also perform stress testing as part of the federal reserve's ccar process.
state street corporation | 106
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations stress testing is conducted, analyzed and reported at the corporate, trading desk, division and risk-factor level (for example, exchange risk, interest rate risk and volatility risk).
stress testing results and limits are actively monitored on a daily basis by erm and reported to the cmrc. limit breaches are addressed by erm risk managers in conjunction with the business units, escalated as appropriate, and reviewed by the cmrc if material. in addition, we have established several action triggers that prompt immediate review by management and the implementation of a remediation plan.
we perform scenario analysis daily based on selected historical stress events that are relevant to our positions in order to estimate the potential impact to our current portfolio should similar market conditions recur. relevant scenarios are chosen from an inventory of historical financial stresses and applied to our current portfolio. these historical event scenarios involve spot foreign exchange, credit, equity, unforeseen geo-political events and natural disasters, and government and central bank intervention scenarios. examples of the specific historical scenarios we incorporate in our stress testing program may include the asian financial crisis of 1997, the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in the u.s. and the 2008 financial crisis. we continue to update our inventory of historical stress scenarios as new stress conditions emerge in the financial markets.
as each of the historical stress events is associated with a different time horizon, we normalize results by scaling down the longer horizon events to a ten-day horizon and keeping the shorter horizon events (i.e., events that are shorter than ten days) at their original terms. we also conduct sensitivity analysis daily to calculate the impact of a large predefined shock in a specific risk factor or a group of risk factors on our current portfolio. these predefined shocks include parallel and non-parallel yield curve shifts and foreign exchange spot and volatility surface shifts. in a parallel shift scenario, we apply a constant factor shift across all yield curve tenors. in a non-parallel shift scenario, we apply different shock levels to different tenors of a yield curve, rather than shifting the entire curve by a constant amount. non-parallel shifts include steepening, flattening and butterflies.
validation and back-testing we perform frequent back-testing to assess the accuracy of our var-based model in estimating loss at the stated confidence level. this back-testing involves the comparison of estimated var model outputs to daily, actual profit-and-loss (p&l) outcomes observed from daily market movements. we back-test our var model using "clean" p&l, which excludes non-trading revenue such as fees, commissions and nii, as well as estimated revenue from intra-day trading.
our var definition of trading losses excludes items that are not specific to the price movement of the trading assets and liabilities themselves, such as fees, commissions, changes to reserves and gains or losses from intra-day activity.
we experienced one back-testing exception in 2021 and three back-testing exceptions in 2020. at a 99% confidence interval, the statistical expectation for a var model is to witness one exception every hundred trading days (or two to three exceptions per year). the 2021 back-testing exception has been attributed to dislocation in fx markets caused by greater demand for funding over year-end periods. the 2020 back-testing exceptions were all noted during the march 2020 market turmoil where some of the largest risk factor shifts since the 2007/2008 financial crisis were observed.
our model validation process also evaluates the integrity of our var models through the use of regular outcome analysis. this outcome analysis includes back-testing, which compares the var model's predictions to actual outcomes using out-of-sample information. consistent with regulatory guidance, the back-testing compared "clean" p&l, defined above, with the one-day var produced by the model. the back-testing was performed for a time period not used for model development. the number of occurrences where "clean" trading-book p&l exceeded the one-day var was within our expected var tolerance level.
state street corporation | 107
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations market risk reporting our erm market risk management group is responsible for market risk monitoring and reporting. we use a variety of systems and controlled market feeds from third-party services to compile data for several daily, weekly and monthly management reports.
the following tables present var and stressed var associated with our trading activities for covered positions held during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as measured by our var methodology. diversification effect in the tables below represents the difference between total var and the sum of the vars for each trading activity. this effect arises because the risks present in our trading activities are not perfectly correlated.
table 34: ten-day value-at-risk associated with trading activities for covered positions year ended december 31, 2021                      as of december 31, 2021                                                                      year ended december 31, 2020       as of december 31, 2020
(in thousands)                                                  average                           maximum                         minimum                                          var                         average                           maximum                         minimum                           var global markets                                             $15,214                           $30,485                          $5,252                                 $16,998                              $12,430                           $33,991                          $5,220                   $9,321
global treasury                                              3,189                             9,762        220                                                        3,556                                2,899                             8,874        112                                         4,015
diversification                                            (2,115)                           (7,958)                           1,024                                 (4,519)                              (2,253)                           (9,062)                           (121)                  (4,068)
total var                                                  $16,288                           $32,289                          $6,496                                 $16,035                              $13,076                           $33,803                          $5,211                   $9,268
table 35: ten-day stressed value-at-risk associated with trading activities for covered positions year ended december 31, 2021                      as of december 31, 2021                                                                      year ended december 31, 2020       as of december 31, 2020
(in thousands)                                                  average                           maximum                         minimum                                          var                         average                           maximum                         minimum                           var global markets                                             $41,698                          $101,535                         $13,037                                 $65,840                              $35,031                           $84,755                         $15,399                  $35,999
global treasury                                              9,601                            29,651        814                                                       12,419                                7,895                            23,533        587                                         8,555
diversification                                            (5,607)                          (20,018)                           2,918                                (17,505)                              (6,330)                          (23,570)                           1,620                  (1,106)
total stressed var                                         $45,692                          $111,168                         $16,769                                 $60,754                              $36,596                           $84,718                         $17,606                  $43,448
the average and period-end stressed var-based measures were approximately $46 million and $61 million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $37 million and $43 million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase in the average and period-end var-based and stressed var-based measures was primarily due to higher residual interest rate positions throughout the year. with regards to our var-based measure, the model uses a two-year historical observation period, and as such, the measure is still driven by the heightened market volatility experienced during the early stages of the covid-19 pandemic, primarily with respect to fx rates and interest rates.
the var-based measures presented in the preceding tables are primarily a reflection of the overall level of market volatility and our appetite for taking market risk in our trading activities. overall levels of volatility have been low both on an absolute basis and relative to the historical information observed at the beginning of the period used for the calculations. both the ten-day var-based measures and the stressed var-based measures are based on historical changes observed during rolling ten-day periods for the portfolios as of the close of business each day over the past one-year period.
we have in the past and may in the future modify and adjust our models and methodologies used to calculate var and stressed var, subject to regulatory review and approval, and any future modifications and adjustments may result in changes in our var-based and stressed var-based measures.
the following tables present the var and stressed-var associated with our trading activities attributable to foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk and volatility risk as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the totals of the var-based and stressed var-based measures for the three attributes in total exceeded the related total var and total stressed var presented in the foregoing tables as of each period-end, primarily due to the benefits of diversification across risk types. diversification effect in the tables below represents the difference between total var and the sum of the vars for each trading activity. this effect arises because the risks present in our trading activities are not perfectly correlated.
table 36: ten-day var associated with trading activities by risk factor(1)
as of december 31, 2021                  as of december 31, 2020
(in thousands)                foreign exchange risk                        interest rate risk                  volatility risk                                                            foreign exchange risk                        interest rate risk   volatility risk by component:
global markets                     $6,945                                    $16,424                           $108                                                                            $2,977                                     $8,880            $179
global treasury                       531                                      3,688                           -                                                     33                                                                    4,257            -
diversification                     (877)                                    (3,682)                           -                                                                                 (42)                                    (2,246)            -
total var                          $6,599                                    $16,430                           $108                                                                            $2,968                                    $10,891            $179
state street corporation | 108
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 37: ten-day stressed var associated with trading activities by risk factor(1)
as of december 31, 2021                  as of december 31, 2020
(in thousands)                   foreign exchange risk                        interest rate risk                  volatility risk                                                            foreign exchange risk                        interest rate risk   volatility risk by component:
global markets                        $9,445                                    $63,368                           $157                                                                            $5,102                                    $39,615            $265
global treasury                          667                                     13,218                           -                                                     83                                                                    8,465            -
diversification                      (1,551)                                   (17,500)                           -                                                                                 (51)                                    (8,102)            -
total stressed var                    $8,561                                    $59,086                           $157                                                                            $5,134                                    $39,978            $265
(1) for purposes of risk attribution by component, foreign exchange refers only to the risk from market movements in period-end rates.  forwards, futures, options and swaps with maturities greater than period-end have embedded interest rate risk that is captured by the measures used for interest rate risk.  accordingly, the interest rate risk embedded in these foreign exchange instruments is included in the interest rate risk component.
asset and liability management activities the primary objective of asset and liability management is to provide sustainable nii under varying economic conditions, while protecting the economic value of the assets and liabilities carried on our consolidated statement of condition from the adverse effects of changes in interest rates. while many market factors affect the level of nii and the economic value of our assets and liabilities, one of the most significant factors is our exposure to movements in interest rates. most of our nii is earned from the investment of client deposits generated by our businesses. we invest these client deposits in assets that conform generally to the characteristics of our balance sheet liabilities, including the currency composition of our significant non-u.s. dollar denominated client liabilities.
we quantify nii sensitivity using an earnings simulation model that includes our expectations for new business growth, changes in balance sheet mix and investment portfolio positioning. this measure compares our baseline view of nii over a twelve-month horizon, based on our internal forecast of interest rates, to a wide range of rate shocks. the baseline view of nii is updated on a regular basis. relative to december 31, 2020, the december 31, 2021 baseline forecast reflects an increased balance sheet size. table 38, key interest rates for baseline forecasts, presents the spot and 12-month forward rates used in our baseline forecasts at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020. our december 31, 2021 baseline forecast includes the expectation of three rate hikes by the federal reserve over the next 12 months.
table 38: key interest rates for baseline forecasts december 31, 2021                                                                                                        december 31, 2020
fed funds target                            10-year treasury                       fed funds target                       10-year treasury spot rates                    0.25            %       1.77                               %                           0.25       %                           0.93       %
12-month forward rates        1.00                    1.95                                                           0.25                                   1.12
in table 39: net interest income sensitivity, we report the expected change in nii over the next twelve months from instantaneous shocks to various tenors on the yield curve, including the impacts from u.s. and non-u.s. rates. each scenario assumes no management action is taken to mitigate the adverse effects of interest rate changes on our financial performance. while investment securities balances and composition can fluctuate with the level of rates as prepayment assumptions change, for purposes of this analysis our deposit balances are assumed to remain consistent with the baseline forecast. in lower rate scenarios, the full impact of the shock is realized for all currencies even if the result is negative interest rates.
state street corporation | 109
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 39: net interest income sensitivity december 31, 2021(2)                                                                              december 31, 2020
(in millions)                                    u.s. dollar                   all other currencies                     total                   u.s. dollar                   all other currencies                     total rate change:                                                                                               benefit (exposure)                                                                             benefit (exposure)
parallel shifts:
+100 bps shock                                    $447                                $306                           $753                        $410                                $172                           $582
-100 bps shock                                     384                                (39)                            345                         591                                 196                            787
steeper yield curve:
'+100 bps shift in long-end rates(1)               114         16                                                     130                         135                                   3                            138
'-100 bps shift in short-end rates(1)              519                                (22)                            497                         743                                 199                            942
flatter yield curve:
'+100 bps shift in short-end rates(1)              337         290                                                    627                         282                                 168                            450
'-100 bps shift in long-end rates(1)             (132)                                (16)                          (148)                       (141)                                 (3)                          (144)
(1) the short end is 0-3 months. the long end is 5 years and above. interim term points are interpolated.
(2) does not reflect any impact of our planned acquisition of the bbh investor services business.
as of december 31, 2021, nii is expected to benefit from an increase in interest rates. compared to december 31, 2020, our nii is more sensitive to parallel rate increases primarily driven by higher levels of deposits partially offset by higher expected client deposit betas as rates rise. our projection of an nii benefit to an upward rate shock of +100bps assumes deposit betas are similar to the 2016-2017 rising rate cycle. our projection also assumes that baseline deposit levels remain relatively consistent with fourth quarter 2021 averages. we expect that our nii benefit in the +100bps scenarios would be lower if either deposit levels decline relative to our baseline or client deposit betas are higher than the prior rising rate cycle.
our nii is expected to benefit from a -100 bps rate shock due to assets with contractual floors, primarily in our lending portfolio, but compared to december 31, 2020, the benefit has decreased primarily due to the expectation that some central banks will raise rates over the next 12 months. this expectation widens the margin on client deposits in our baseline, but compresses them in lower rate scenarios.
eve sensitivity is a discounted cash flow model designed to estimate the fair value of assets and liabilities under a series of interest rate shocks over a long-term horizon. in the following table, we report our eve sensitivity to 200 bps instantaneous rate shocks, relative to spot interest rates. management compares the change in eve sensitivity against our aggregate tier 1 and tier 2 risk-based capital, calculated in conformity with current applicable regulatory requirements. eve sensitivity is dependent on the timing of interest and principal cash flows. also, the measure only evaluates the spot balance sheet and does not include the impact of new business assumptions.
table 40: economic value of equity sensitivity as of december 31,
(in millions)        2021                2020
rate change:         benefit (exposure)
+200 bps shock       $(1,380)                              $(1,603)
-200 bps shock       3,829                                 5,538
as of december 31, 2021, eve sensitivity remains exposed to upward shifts in interest rates. compared to december 31, 2020, our sensitivity in the up 200 bps shock scenario decreased due to higher client deposits and an increase in expected prepayment speeds on agency rmbs, partially offset by growth in our securities portfolio and interest rate hedging activity.
both nii sensitivity and eve sensitivity are routinely monitored as market conditions change. for additional information about our asset and liability management activities, refer to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, "risk management."
state street corporation | 110
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations model risk management the use of models is widespread throughout the financial services industry, with large and complex organizations relying on sophisticated models to support numerous aspects of their financial decision making. the models contemporaneously represent both a significant advancement in financial management and a source of risk. in large banking organizations like us, model results influence business decisions, and model failure could have a harmful effect on our financial performance. as a result, the mrm framework seeks to mitigate our model risk.
our mrm program has three principal components:
•a model risk governance program that defines roles and responsibilities, including the authority to restrict model usage, provides policies and guidance, monitors compliance and reports regularly to the board on the overall degree of model risk across the corporation;
•a model development process that focuses on sound design and computational accuracy, and includes activities designed to assess data quality, to test for robustness, stability and sensitivity to assumptions, and to conduct ongoing monitoring of model performance; and
•an independent model validation function designed to verify that models are conceptually sound, computationally accurate, are performing as expected, and are in line with their intended use.
the mrm framework, highlighted above, also provides insight and guidance into addressing key model risks that arise.
governance models used in the regulatory capital calculation can only be deployed for use after undergoing a model validation by erm's mrm group. the model validation results and/or a decision by the model risk committee must permit model usage or the model may not be used.
erm's mrm group is responsible for defining the corporate-wide model risk management framework, maintaining policies that achieve the framework's objectives. all regulatory capital calculation models, including any artificial intelligence and machine learning models, must comply with the model risk management framework and corresponding policies. the team is responsible for overall model risk governance capabilities, with particular emphasis in the areas of model validation, model risk reporting, model performance monitoring, tracking of new model development status and committee-level review and challenge.
mrc, which is composed of senior managers responsible for representing functional areas and business units with key models across the organization, reports to mrac, and provides guidance and oversight to the mrm function.
model development and ongoing monitoring models are developed under standards governing data sourcing, methodology selection and model integrity testing. model development includes a statement of purpose to align development with intended use. it may also include a comparison of alternative approaches to promote a sound modeling approach.
model developers conduct an assessment of data quality and relevance. the development teams conduct a variety of tests of the accuracy, robustness and stability of each model.
model owners submit models to the mvg for validation on a regular basis, as per the existing policy. the model owners also conduct ongoing monitoring of each model.
model validation mvg is part of mrm within erm and performs model validations and reviews. mvg is independent, as contemplated by applicable bank regulatory requirements, of both the developers and users of the models. mvg validates models through an evaluation process that assesses the appropriateness, accuracy, and suitability of data inputs, methodologies, documentation, assumptions, and processing code. model validation also encompasses an assessment of model performance, sensitivity, and robustness, as well as a model's potential limitations given its particular assumptions or deficiencies. based on the results of its review, mvg issues a model use decision and may require remedial actions and/or compensating controls on model use. mvg also maintains a model risk rating system, which assigns a risk rating to each model based on an assessment of a model's inherent and residual risks. these ratings aid in the understanding and reporting of model risk across the model portfolio, and enable the triaging of needs for remediation.
although model validation is the primary method of subjecting models to independent review and challenge, in practice, a multi-step governance process provides the opportunity for challenge by multiple parties. first, mvg conducts a model validation and issues a model use decision. mvg communicates their result as one of the following three outcomes: "approved", "approved with conditions", or "not approved".  there are three ways in which a model can be deemed "not approved for state street corporation | 111
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations use" given a validation:  1) the aggregation of the model scoring within mrm's model risk rating system (mrrs) model is poor enough to result in a "high" rating, 2) the scoring of one or more mrrs model element(s) is deemed "critical" resulting in an automatic "high" rating irrespective of the other elements as the "critical" element(s) undermines the model, or 3) the remediation action is not properly taken by the due date resulting in a severe compliance breach that undercuts the model rating. second, these decisions may be reviewed, challenged, and confirmed by the mrc. finally, model use decisions, risk ratings, and overall levels of model risk may be reported to and reviewed by mrac. mrm also reports regularly on model risk issues to the board.
strategic risk management we define strategic risk as the current or prospective impact on earnings or capital arising from adverse business decisions, improper implementation of strategic initiatives, or lack of responsiveness to industry-wide changes. strategic risks are influenced by changes in the competitive environment; decline in market performance or changes in our business activities; and the potential secondary impacts of reputational risks, not already captured as market, interest rate, credit, operational, model or liquidity risks. we incorporate strategic risk into our assessment of our business plans and risk and capital management processes. active management of strategic risk is an integral component of all aspects of our business.
separating the effects of a potential material adverse event into operational and strategic risk is sometimes difficult. for instance, the direct financial impact of an unfavorable event in the form of fines or penalties would be classified as an operational risk loss, while the impact on our reputation and consequently the potential loss of clients and corresponding decline in revenue would be classified as a strategic risk loss. an additional example of strategic risk is the integration of a major acquisition. failure to successfully integrate the operations of an acquired business, and the resultant inability to retain clients and the associated revenue, would be classified as a loss due to strategic risk.
strategic risk is managed with a long-term focus. techniques for its assessment and management include the development of business plans, which are subject to robust review and challenge from senior management and the board of directors, as well as a formal review and approval process for all new business and product proposals. the potential impact of the various elements of strategic risk is difficult to quantify with any degree of precision. we use a combination of historical earnings volatility, scenario analysis, stress-testing and management judgment to help assess the potential effect on us attributable to strategic risk. management and control of strategic risks are generally the responsibility of the business units, with oversight from the control functions, as part of their overall strategic planning and internal risk management processes.
on march 5, 2021, the intercontinental exchange benchmark administration announced, in conjunction with the united kingdom financial conduct authority (fca), that it would cease the publication of gbp, eur, swiss franc and the japanese yen libor settings for all tenors, as well as one week and two months u.s. dollar libor settings, on december 31, 2021 and would cease the publication of overnight and twelve months u.s. dollar libor settings on june 30, 2023.
we have established a process to identify, assess, plan for and remediate the use of libor and other reference rates affected by reference rate reform that addresses both direct exposures on our balance sheet, and, more importantly, the use of libor in our various service provider roles to our customers. this process is led by a wide, multi-disciplinary libor program management office ("libor pmo"), established in september 2018, that will continue to lead our transition efforts through june of 2023.
the libor pmo reports regularly to executive management of the firm and our key regulators on progress with respect to client communications, updating quantitative models and information technology systems, managing vendors, contracts remediation, adoption of alternative reference rates for various financial products and services, evaluation of fallback provisions contained in libor-priced loans, investment securities, derivatives and long-term debt and general operational readiness for each stage of the transition.
most of the work identified by the libor pmo for implementation of the transition is substantially complete, and contingency plans have been developed to deal with identified uncertainties. no incremental material investments are expected to be needed for systems and processes related to the transition. potential risks that could impact our remediation efforts include overall transition readiness across the industry, third party vendor dependencies and resource constraints from the concentration of remediation activities at key points in the transition process.
our direct on balance sheet exposures to libor are limited and primarily include assets held in the investment portfolio, certain loans made through global credit finance and issuances of long-term debt and preferred stock. we have planned for, and are prepared to transition our remaining on balance sheet exposures in a manner consistent with regulatory guidance and the availability of interim solutions for various legacy libor contracts. we will not originate or issue new libor-based loans or state street corporation | 112
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations long-term debt, and any purchases of libor-based investment securities will be screened for adequate fallback language. our remaining exposure outstanding at june 2023 is largely governed by existing fallback language, or jurisdictional legislation that provides for appropriate fallback provisions. our financial performance depends, in part, on our ability to adapt to market changes promptly, while avoiding increased related expenses or operational errors. substantial risks and uncertainties are associated with the market transition away from the use of libor as an interest rate benchmark used to determine amounts payable under, and the value of, relevant financial instruments and contracts.
capital managing our capital involves evaluating whether our actual and projected levels of capital are commensurate with our risk profile, are in compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements, and are sufficient to provide us with the financial flexibility to undertake future strategic business initiatives. we assess capital adequacy based on relevant regulatory capital requirements, as well as our own internal capital goals, targets and other relevant metrics.
framework our objective with respect to management of our capital is to maintain a strong capital base in order to provide financial flexibility for our business needs, including funding corporate growth and supporting clients' cash management needs, and to provide protection against loss to depositors and creditors. we strive to maintain an appropriate level of capital, commensurate with our risk profile, on which an attractive return to shareholders is expected to be realized over both the short and long-term, while protecting our obligations to depositors and creditors and complying with regulatory capital requirements.
our capital management focuses on our risk exposures, the regulatory requirements applicable to us with respect to multiple capital measures, the evaluations and resulting credit ratings of the major independent rating agencies, our return on capital at both the consolidated and line-of-business level and our capital position relative to our peers.
assessment of our overall capital adequacy includes the comparison of capital sources with capital uses, as well as the consideration of the quality and quantity of the various components of capital. the assessment seeks to determine the optimal level of capital and composition of capital instruments to satisfy all constituents of capital, with the lowest overall cost to shareholders. other factors considered in our assessment of capital adequacy are strategic and contingency planning, stress testing and planned capital actions.
capital adequacy process (cap)
our primary federal banking regulator is the federal reserve. both we and state street bank are subject to the minimum regulatory capital requirements established by the federal reserve and defined in the federal deposit insurance corporation improvement act. state street bank must exceed the regulatory capital thresholds for "well capitalized" in order for our parent company to maintain its status as a financial holding company. accordingly, one of our primary objectives with respect to capital management is to exceed all applicable minimum regulatory capital requirements and for state street bank to be "well capitalized" under the pca guidelines established by the fdic. our capital management activities are conducted as part of our corporate-wide cap and associated capital policy and guidelines.
we consider capital adequacy to be a key element of our financial well-being, which affects our ability to attract and maintain client relationships; operate effectively in the global capital markets; and satisfy regulatory, security holders and shareholder needs. capital is one of several elements that affect our credit ratings and the ratings of our principal subsidiaries.
in conformity with our capital policy and guidelines, we strive to achieve and maintain specific internal capital levels, not just at a point in time, but over time and during periods of stress, to account for changes in our strategic direction, evolving economic conditions, and financial and market volatility. we have developed and implemented a corporate-wide cap to assess our overall capital in relation to our risk profile and to provide a comprehensive strategy for maintaining appropriate capital levels. the cap considers material risks under multiple scenarios, with an emphasis on stress scenarios, and encompasses existing processes and systems used to measure our capital adequacy.
capital contingency planning contingency planning is an integral component of capital management. the objective of contingency planning is to monitor current and forecast levels of select capital, liquidity and other measures that serve as early indicators of a potentially adverse capital or liquidity adequacy situation. these measures are one of the inputs used to set our internal capital adequacy level. we review these measures annually for appropriateness and relevance in relation to our financial budget and capital plan. in addition, we maintain an inventory of capital contingency actions designed to conserve or generate capital to support the unique risks in our business model, our client and investor demands and regulatory requirements.
state street corporation | 113
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations stress testing we administer a robust business-wide stress-testing program that executes stress tests each year to assess the institution's capital adequacy and/or future performance under adverse conditions. our stress testing program is structured around what we determine to be the key risks inherent in our business, as assessed through a recurring material risk identification process. the material risk identification process represents a bottom-up approach to identifying the institution's most significant risk exposures across all on- and off-balance sheet risk-taking activities, including credit, market, liquidity, interest rate, operational, fiduciary, business, reputation and regulatory risks. these key risks serve as an organizing principle for much of our risk management framework, as well as reporting, including the "risk dashboard" provided to the board.
in connection with the focus on our key risks, each stress test incorporates idiosyncratic loss events tailored to our unique risk profile and business activities. due to the nature of our business model and our consolidated statement of condition, our risks differ from those of a traditional commercial bank. over the past few years, stress scenarios have included a deep recession in the u.s., including impacts from the covid-19 pandemic, a break-up of the eurozone, a severe recession in china and an oil shock precipitated by turmoil in the middle east/north africa region.
the federal reserve requires bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more, which includes us, to submit a capital plan on an annual basis. the federal reserve uses its annual ccar process, which incorporates hypothetical financial and economic stress scenarios, to review those capital plans and assess whether banking organizations have capital planning processes that account for idiosyncratic risks and provide for sufficient capital to continue operations throughout times of economic and financial stress. as part of its ccar process, the federal reserve assesses each organization's capital adequacy, capital planning process and plans to distribute capital, such as dividend payments or stock purchase programs. management and board risk committees review, challenge and approve ccar results and assumptions before submission to the federal reserve.
through the evaluation of our capital adequacy and/or future performance under adverse conditions, the stress testing process provides us important insights for capital planning, risk management and strategic decision-making.
governance in order to support integrated decision making, we have identified three management elements to aid in the compatibility and coordination of our cap:
•risk management - identification, measurement, monitoring and forecasting of different types of risk and their combined impact on capital adequacy;
•capital management - determination of optimal capital levels; and
•business management - strategic planning, budgeting, forecasting and performance management.
we have a hierarchical structure supporting appropriate committee review of relevant risk and capital information. the ongoing responsibility for capital management rests with our treasurer. the capital management group within global treasury is responsible for the capital policy and guidelines, development of the capital plan, the oversight of global capital management and optimization.
the mrac provides oversight of our capital management, our capital adequacy, our internal targets and the expectations of the major independent credit rating agencies. in addition, mrac approves our balance sheet strategy and related activities. the board's rc assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities related to the assessment and management of risk and capital. our capital policy is reviewed and approved annually by the board's rc.
global systemically important bank we have been identified by the financial stability board and the basel committee on banking supervision as a g-sib. our designation as a g-sib is based on a number of factors, as evaluated by banking regulators, and requires us to maintain an additional capital surcharge above the minimum capital ratios set forth in the basel iii rule.
we and our depositary institution subsidiaries are subject to the current basel iii minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratio guidelines.
additional information about g-sibs is provided under "regulatory capital adequacy and liquidity standards" in "supervision and regulation" in business in this form 10-k.
regulatory capital we and state street bank, as advanced approaches banking organizations, are subject to the u.s. basel iii framework. provisions of the basel iii rule became effective with full implementation on january 1, 2019. we are also subject to the final market risk capital rule issued by u.s. banking regulators effective as of january 2013.
state street corporation | 114
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the basel iii rule provides for two frameworks for monitoring capital adequacy: the "standardized" approach and the "advanced" approaches, applicable to advanced approaches banking organizations, like us. the standardized approach prescribes standardized calculations for credit risk rwa, including specified risk weights for certain on- and off-balance sheet exposures.
the advanced approaches consist of the advanced internal ratings-based approach used for the calculation of rwa related to credit risk, and the advanced measurement approach used for the calculation of rwa related to operational risk.
the market risk capital rule requires us to use internal models to calculate daily measures of var, which reflect general market risk for certain of our trading positions defined by the rule as "covered positions," as well as stressed-var measures to supplement the var measures. the rule also requires a public disclosure composed of qualitative and quantitative information about the market risk associated with our trading activities and our related var and stressed-var measures. the qualitative and quantitative information required by the rule is provided under "market risk" included in this management's discussion and analysis.
as required by the dodd-frank act enacted in 2010, and the stress capital buffer (scb) rule enacted in 2020, we and state street bank, as advanced approaches banking organizations, are subject to a "capital floor," also referred to as the collins amendment, in the assessment of our regulatory capital adequacy, including the capital conservation buffer (ccb) and the scb, for the advanced approach and standardized approach, respectively, and a countercyclical capital buffer. the countercyclical buffer is currently set to zero by the u.s. federal banking agencies. in addition, we are subject to a g-sib surcharge. our risk-based capital ratios for regulatory assessment purposes are the lower of each ratio calculated under the standardized approach and the advanced approaches.
the scb replaced, under the standardized approach, the capital conservation buffer with a buffer calculated as the difference between the institution's starting and lowest projected cet1 ratio under the ccar severely adverse scenario plus planned common stock dividend payments (as a percentage of rwa) from the fourth through seventh quarter of the ccar planning horizon. the scb requirement, which became effective october 1, 2020, can be no less than 2.5% of rwa. breaching the scb or other regulatory buffer or surcharge will limit a banking organization's ability to make capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. the countercyclical capital buffer is currently set at zero by u.s. banking regulators.
our minimum risk-based capital ratios as of january 1, 2021 include a ccb of 2.5% and a scb of 2.5% for the advanced approaches and standardized approach, respectively, a g-sib surcharge of 1.0%, and a countercyclical buffer of 0.0%. this results in minimum risk-based ratios of 8.0% for the common equity tier 1 (cet1) capital ratio, 9.5% for the tier 1 capital ratio, and 11.5% for the total capital ratio.
based on a calculation date of december 31, 2019, our current g-sib surcharge, through december 31, 2022, is 1.0%. based on a calculation date of december 31, 2020, our g-sib surcharge beginning january 1, 2023 could have been 1.5%. however, in may 2021, the federal reserve granted our request for relief relating to the effects of the mmlf program on the calculation of our g-sib surcharge. as a result of this relief, our g-sib surcharge for 2023 will remain at 1.0%.
state street corporation | 115
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table presents the regulatory capital structure and related regulatory capital ratios for us and state street bank as of the dates indicated. we are subject to the more stringent of the risk-based capital ratios calculated under the standardized approach and those calculated under the advanced approaches in the assessment of our capital adequacy under applicable bank regulatory standards.
table 41: regulatory capital structure and related regulatory capital ratios state street corporation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             state street bank
(dollars in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                                             basel iii advanced approaches december 31, 2021                    basel iii standardized approach december 31, 2021                   basel iii advanced approaches december 31, 2020                    basel iii standardized approach december 31, 2020                   basel iii advanced approaches december 31, 2021                    basel iii standardized approach december 31, 2021                   basel iii advanced approaches december 31, 2020                    basel iii standardized approach december 31, 2020
common shareholders' equity:
common stock and related surplus                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $11,291                                                             $11,291                                                            $10,709                                                             $10,709                                                            $13,047                                                             $13,047                                                            $12,893                                                             $12,893
retained earnings                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        25,238                                                              25,238                                                             23,442                                                              23,442                                                             15,700                                                              15,700                                                             12,939                                                              12,939
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                                                                                                                                           (1,133)                                                             (1,133)                                                                187                                                                 187                                                              (926)                                                               (926)                                                                371                                                                 371
treasury stock, at cost                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (10,009)                                                            (10,009)                                                           (10,609)                                                            (10,609)                                                                  -                                                                   -                                                                  -                                                                   -
total                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    25,387                                                              25,387                                                             23,729                                                              23,729                                                             27,821                                                              27,821                                                             26,203                                                              26,203
regulatory capital adjustments:
goodwill and other intangible assets, net of associated deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                                        (8,935)                                                             (8,935)                                                            (9,019)                                                             (9,019)                                                            (8,667)                                                             (8,667)                                                            (8,745)                                                             (8,745)
other adjustments(1)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (505)                                                               (505)                                                              (333)                                                               (333)                                                              (309)                                                               (309)                                                              (152)                                                               (152)
common equity tier 1 capital                                                                                                                                                                                                                             15,947                                                              15,947                                                             14,377                                                              14,377                                                             18,845                                                              18,845                                                             17,306                                                              17,306
preferred stock                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1,976                                                               1,976                                                              2,471                                                               2,471                                                                  -                                                                   -                                                                  -                                                                   -
tier 1 capital                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           17,923                                                              17,923                                                             16,848                                                              16,848                                                             18,845                                                              18,845                                                             17,306                                                              17,306
qualifying subordinated long-term debt                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1,588                                                               1,588                                                                961                                                                 961                                                                752                                                                 752                                                                966                                                                 966
allowance for credit losses                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   -                                                                 108                                                                  1                                                                 148                                                                  -                                                                 108                                                                 10                                                                 148
total capital                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           $19,511                                                             $19,619                                                            $17,810                                                             $17,957                                                            $19,597                                                             $19,705                                                            $18,282                                                             $18,420
risk-weighted assets:
credit risk(2)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          $63,735                                                            $109,554                                                            $63,367                                                            $114,892                                                            $57,405                                                            $106,405                                                            $58,960                                                            $110,797
operational risk(3)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      45,550                                                                                     na                                          44,150                                                                                     na                                          42,813                                                                                     na                                          43,663                                                                                     na market risk                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               2,113                                                               2,113                                                              2,188                                                               2,188                                                              2,113                                                               2,113                                                              2,188                                                               2,188
total risk-weighted assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                             $111,398                                                            $111,667                                                           $109,705                                                            $117,080                                                           $102,331                                                            $108,518                                                           $104,811                                                            $112,985
adjusted quarterly average assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $293,567                                                            $293,567                                                           $263,490                                                            $263,490                                                           $290,403                                                            $290,403                                                           $260,489                                                            $260,489
capital ratios:                     2021 minimum requirements including capital conservation buffer and g-sib surcharge(4)       2020 minimum requirements including capital conservation buffer and g-sib surcharge(4)
common equity tier 1 capital        8.0                                                           %                              8.0                                                           %                                                           14.3                 %                                              14.3                  %                                            13.1                 %                                              12.3                  %                                            18.4                 %                                              17.4                  %                                            16.5                 %                                              15.3                  %
tier 1 capital                      9.5                                                           9.5                                                                                          16.1                                                                                                                            16.1                                                               15.4                                                                14.4                                                               18.4                                                                17.4                                                               16.5                                                                15.3
total capital                       11.5                                                          11.5                                                                                         17.5                                                                                                                            17.6                                                               16.2                                                                15.3                                                               19.2                                                                18.2                                                               17.4                                                                16.3
(1) other adjustments within cet1 capital primarily include the overfunded portion of our defined benefit pension plan obligation net of associated deferred tax liabilities, disallowed deferred tax assets, and other required credit risk based deductions.
(2) under the advanced approaches, credit risk rwa includes a cva which reflects the risk of potential fair value adjustments for credit risk reflected in our valuation of over-the-counter (otc) derivative contracts. we used a simple cva approach in conformity with the basel iii advanced approaches.
(3) under the current advanced approaches rules and regulatory guidance concerning operational risk models, rwa attributable to operational risk can vary substantially from period-to-period, without direct correlation to the effects of a particular loss event on our results of operations and financial condition and impacting dates and periods that may differ from the dates and periods as of and during which the loss event is reflected in our financial statements, with the timing and categorization dependent on the processes for model updates and, if applicable, model revalidation and regulatory review and related supervisory processes. an individual loss event can have a significant effect on the output of our operational rwa under the advanced approaches depending on the severity of the loss event and its categorization among the seven basel-defined uoms.
(4) minimum requirements include a ccb of 2.5% and a scb of 2.5% for the advanced approaches and the standardized approach, respectively, a g-sib surcharge of 1.0% and a countercyclical buffer of 0%.
na not applicable our cet1 capital increased $1.57 billion as of december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020, primarily driven by net income and the issuance of common stock, partially offset by accumulated other comprehensive income and dividend distributions in the year ended december 31, 2021.
our tier 1 capital increased $1.08 billion as of december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020 under both the advanced approaches and standardized approach due to the increase in cet1 capital, partially offset by the partial redemption of the series f preferred stock.
our tier 2 capital increased under the advanced approaches and standardized approach, as of december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020, by $0.63 billion and $0.59 billion, respectively, mainly driven by the issuance of our tier 2 qualifying debt.
state street corporation | 116
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations total capital increased under the advanced approaches and standardized approach, as of december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020, by $1.70 billion and $1.66 billion, respectively, mainly driven by the increase in our tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital.
the table below presents a roll-forward of cet1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020.
table 42: capital roll-forward
(in millions)                                                                              basel iii advanced approaches december 31, 2021                   basel iii standardized approach december, 31, 2021                   basel iii advanced approaches december 31, 2020                    basel iii standardized approach december 31, 2020
common equity tier 1 capital:
common equity tier 1 capital balance, beginning of period                                                        $14,377                                                             $14,377                                                            $12,213                                                             $12,213
net income                                                                                                         2,693                                                               2,693                                                              2,420                                                               2,420
changes in treasury stock, at cost                                                                                   600                                                                 600                                                              (400)                                                               (400)
dividends declared                                                                                                 (897)                                                               (897)                                                              (886)                                                               (886)
goodwill and other intangible assets, net of associated deferred tax liabilities                                      84                                                                  84                                                                 93                                                                  93
effect of certain items in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                         (1,320)                                                             (1,320)                                                              1,057                                                               1,057
other adjustments                                                                                                    410                                                                 410                                                              (120)                                                               (120)
changes in common equity tier 1 capital                                                                            1,570                                                               1,570                                                              2,164                                                               2,164
common equity tier 1 capital balance, end of period                                                               15,947                                                              15,947                                                             14,377                                                              14,377
additional tier 1 capital:
tier 1 capital balance, beginning of period                                                                       16,848                                                              16,848                                                             15,175                                                              15,175
changes in common equity tier 1 capital                                                                            1,570                                                               1,570                                                              2,164                                                               2,164
net issuance (redemption) of preferred stock                                                                       (495)                                                               (495)                                                              (491)                                                               (491)
changes in tier 1 capital                                                                                          1,075                                                               1,075                                                              1,673                                                               1,673
tier 1 capital balance, end of period                                                                             17,923                                                              17,923                                                             16,848                                                              16,848
tier 2 capital:
tier 2 capital balance, beginning of period                                                                          962                                                               1,109                                                              1,100                                                               1,185
net issuance and changes in long-term debt qualifying as tier 2                                                      627                                                                 627                                                              (134)                                                               (134)
changes in allowance for credit losses                                                                               (1)                                                                (40)                                                                (4)                                                                  58
changes in tier 2 capital                                                                                            626                                                                 587                                                              (138)                                                                (76)
tier 2 capital balance, end of period                                                                              1,588                                                               1,696                                                                962                                                               1,109
total capital:
total capital balance, beginning of period                                                                        17,810                                                              17,957                                                             16,275                                                              16,360
changes in tier 1 capital                                                                                          1,075                                                               1,075                                                              1,673                                                               1,673
changes in tier 2 capital                                                                                            626                                                                 587                                                              (138)                                                                (76)
total capital balance, end of period                                                                             $19,511                                                             $19,619                                                            $17,810                                                             $17,957
the following table presents a roll-forward of the basel iii advanced approaches and standardized approach rwa for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020.
table 43: advanced &amp; standardized approaches risk-weighted assets roll-forward
(in millions)                                                                                               basel iii                                                      basel iii                          basel iii standardized approach december 31, 2021                          basel iii standardized approach december 31, 2020
advanced approaches december 31, 2021                          advanced approaches december 31, 2020
total risk-weighted assets, beginning of period                                               $109,705                                                       $104,364                                                               $117,080                                                                   $104,005
changes in credit risk-weighted assets:
net increase (decrease) in investment securities-wholesale                                       (476)                                                          3,008                                                                  (707)                                                                      1,762
net increase in loans                                                                            2,017                                                          2,973                  946                                                                                                                        3,638
net increase (decrease) in securitization exposures                                              (404)                                                            578                                                                  (489)                                                                        351
net increase (decrease) in repo-style transaction exposures                                      (440)                                                          1,763                                                                (1,658)                                                                      3,895
net increase (decrease) in over-the-counter derivatives exposures(1)                           (1,353)                                                            780                                                                  (863)                                                                        457
net increase (decrease) in all other(2)                                                          1,024                                                          (498)                                                                (2,567)                                                                      2,422
net increase (decrease) in credit risk-weighted assets                                             368                                                          8,604                                                                (5,338)                                                                     12,525
net increase (decrease) in market risk-weighted assets                                            (75)                                                            550                                                                   (75)                                                                        550
net increase (decrease) in operational risk-weighted assets                                      1,400                                                        (3,813)                                                                                       n/a                                                                        n/a total risk-weighted assets, end of period                                                     $111,398                                                       $109,705                                                               $111,667                                                                   $117,080
(1) under the advanced approaches, includes cva rwa.
(2 )includes assets not in a definable category, non-material portfolio, cleared transactions, other wholesale, cash and due from banks, interest-bearing deposits with banks and equity exposures.
na  not applicable.
state street corporation | 117
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations as of december 31, 2021, total advanced approaches rwa increased $1.69 billion compared to december 31, 2020, primarily due to an increase in operational risk rwa and credit risk rwa. the increase in operational risk rwa was primarily due to an increase in the frequency of certain operational loss events. the increase in credit risk rwa was primarily driven by an increase in loans rwa, partially offset by a decrease in over-the-counter derivatives rwa.
as of december 31, 2021, total standardized approach rwa decreased $5.41 billion compared to december 31, 2020, primarily due to lower credit risk rwa. the decrease in credit risk rwa was primarily driven by a decrease in all other rwa, repo-style transactions rwa, and over-the-counter derivatives rwa, partially offset by an increase in loans rwa.
the regulatory capital ratios as of december 31, 2021, presented in table 41: regulatory capital structure and related regulatory capital ratios, are calculated under the advanced approaches and standardized approach in conformity with the basel iii final rule. the advanced approaches based ratios reflect calculations and determinations with respect to our capital and related matters as of december 31, 2021, based on our and external data, quantitative formulae, statistical models, historical correlations and assumptions, collectively referred to as "advanced systems," in effect and used by us for those purposes as of the time we first reported such ratios in a quarterly report on form 10-q or an annual report on form 10-k. significant components of these advanced systems involve the exercise of judgment by us and our regulators, and our advanced systems may not, individually or collectively, precisely represent or calculate the scenarios, circumstances, outputs or other results for which they are designed or intended.
our advanced systems are subject to update and periodic revalidation in response to changes in our business activities and our historical experiences, forces and events experienced by the market broadly or by individual financial institutions, changes in regulations and regulatory interpretations and other factors, and are also subject to continuing regulatory review and approval. for example, a significant operational loss experienced by another financial institution, even if we do not experience a related loss, could result in a material change in the output of our advanced systems and a corresponding material change in our risk exposures, our total rwa, and our capital ratios compared to prior periods. an operational loss that we experience could also result in a material change in our capital requirements for operational risk under the advanced approaches, depending on the severity of the loss event, its characterization among the seven basel-defined uom, and the stability of the distributional approach for a particular uom, and without direct correlation to the effects of the loss event, or the timing of such effects, on our results of operations.
due to the influence of changes in these advanced systems, whether resulting from changes in data inputs, regulation or regulatory supervision or interpretation, specific to us or market activities or experiences or other updates or factors, we expect that our advanced systems and our capital ratios calculated in conformity with the basel iii final rule will change and may be volatile over time, and that those latter changes or volatility could be material as calculated and measured from period to period. we and state street bank are subject to further regulatory guidance, action, and rule-making.
state street corporation | 118
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations tier 1 and supplementary leverage ratios we are subject to a minimum tier 1 leverage ratio and a supplementary leverage ratio. the tier 1 leverage ratio is based on tier 1 capital and adjusted quarterly average on-balance sheet assets. the tier 1 leverage ratio differs from the slr primarily in that the denominator of the tier 1 leverage ratio is a quarterly average of on-balance sheet assets, while the slr includes both on-balance sheet and certain off-balance sheet exposures. we must maintain a minimum tier 1 leverage ratio of 4%.
we are also subject to a minimum slr of 3%, and as a u.s. g-sib, we must maintain an additional 2% slr buffer in order to avoid any limitations on distributions to shareholders and discretionary bonus payments to certain executives. if we do not maintain this buffer, limitations on these distributions and discretionary bonus payments would be increasingly stringent based upon the extent of the shortfall.
table 44: tier 1 and supplementary leverage ratios
(dollars in millions)                                                             december 31, 2021                            december 31, 2020
state street:
tier 1 capital                                                                      $17,923                                      $16,848
average assets                                                                      303,007                                      277,055
less: adjustments for deductions from tier 1 capital and other                      (9,440)                                     (13,565)
adjusted average assets for tier 1 leverage ratio                                   293,567                                      263,490
derivatives and repo-style transactions and off-balance sheet exposures              32,985                                       34,379
adjustments for deductions of qualifying central bank deposits                     (84,113)                                     (90,322)
total assets for slr                                                               $242,439                                     $207,547
tier 1 leverage ratio(1)                                                                6.1       %                                  6.4       %
supplementary leverage ratio                                                            7.4                                          8.1
state street bank(2):
tier 1 capital                                                                      $18,845                                      $17,306
average assets                                                                      299,379                                      273,599
less: adjustments for deductions from tier 1 capital and other                      (8,976)                                     (13,110)
adjusted average assets for tier 1 leverage ratio                                   290,403                                      260,489
off-balance sheet exposures                                                          32,985                                       38,591
adjustments for deductions of qualifying central bank deposits                     (84,113)                                     (80,935)
total assets for slr                                                               $239,275                                     $218,145
tier 1 leverage ratio (1)                                                               6.5       %                                  6.6       %
supplementary leverage ratio                                                            7.9                                          7.9
(1) tier 1 leverage ratios were calculated in conformity with the basel iii final rule.
(2) the slr rule requires that, as of january 1, 2018, (i) state street bank maintains an slr of at least 6.0% to be well capitalized under the u.s. banking regulators' prompt corrective action framework and (ii) we maintain an slr of at least 5.0% to avoid limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. in addition to the slr, state street bank is subject to a well capitalized tier 1 leverage ratio requirement of 5.0%.
total loss-absorbing capacity (tlac)
the federal reserve's final rule on tlac, ltd, and clean holding company requirements for u.s. domiciled g-sibs, such as us, is intended to improve the resiliency and resolvability of certain u.s. banking organizations through enhanced prudential standards, and requires us, among other things, to comply with minimum requirements for external tlac and ltd. specifically, we must hold:
amount equal to:
combined eligible tier 1 regulatory capital and ltd         greater of:•21.5% of total rwa (18.0% minimum plus 2.5% plus a g-sib surcharge calculated for these purposes under method 1 of 1.0% plus any applicable counter- cyclical buffer, which is currently 0%); and •9.5% of total leverage exposure (7.5% minimum plus the slr buffer of 2.0%), as defined by the slr final rule.
qualifying external ltd                                     greater of:•7.0% of rwa (6.0% minimum plus a g-sib surcharge calculated for these purposes under method 2 of 1.0%); and
•4.5% of total leverage exposure, as defined by the slr final rule.
as of april 1, 2020, the tlac and ltd requirements calibrated to the slr denominator to reflect the deduction of certain central bank balances as prescribed by the regulatory relief implemented under the egrrcpa.
the following table presents external ltd and external tlac as of december 31, 2021.
table 45: total loss-absorbing capacity as of december 31, 2021
(dollars in millions)                                                                                                                actual                                         requirement total loss-absorbing capacity (eligible tier 1 regulatory capacity and long-term debt):
risk-weighted assets                                                                                    $31,231                    28.0   %                 $24,008                    21.5   %
supplementary leverage exposure                                                                          31,231                    12.9                      23,032                     9.5
long-term debt:
risk-weighted assets                                                                                     13,308                    11.9                       7,817                     7.0
supplementary leverage exposure                                                                          13,308                     5.5                      10,910                     4.5
additional information about tlac is provided under "total loss-absorbing capacity" in "supervision and regulation" in business in this form 10-k.
state street corporation | 119
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations regulatory developments in april 2018, the federal reserve issued a proposed rule which would replace the current 2.0% slr buffer for g-sibs, with a buffer equal to 50% of their g-sib surcharge. this proposal would also make conforming modifications to our tlac and eligible ltd requirements applicable to g-sibs. at this point in time, it is unclear whether this proposal will be implemented as proposed.
in november 2019, the federal reserve and other u.s. federal banking agencies issued a final rule that, among other things, implements the sa-ccr, a new methodology for calculating the exposure amount for derivative contracts. under the final rule, which became effective on january 1, 2022, we will have the option to use the sa-ccr or the imm to measure the exposure amount of our cleared and uncleared derivative transactions under our advanced approaches calculation. we will be required to determine the amount of these exposures using the sa-ccr under our standardized approach capital calculation. additionally, we will have to apply a revised formula to determine the rwa amount of our central counterparty default fund contributions. applying the sa-ccr to our derivative exposures as of december 31, 2021, in place of then-applicable current exposure method (cem), under the standardized approach, with all else equal, would on a pro- forma basis increase our total rwa as of that date by approximately 10%. as part of a plan to partially offset these sa-ccr rwa impacts, various business actions have been identified for optimization and completion in the first half of 2022.
on march 4, 2020, the u.s. federal banking agencies issued the scb final rule that replaces, under the standardized approach, the capital conservation buffer (2.5%) with a scb calculated as the difference between an institution's starting and lowest projected cet1 ratio under the ccar severely adverse scenario plus planned common stock dividend payments (as a percentage of rwa) from the fourth through seventh quarter of the ccar planning horizon. based on our results from the 2021 supervisory stress test, our scb for the period of october 1, 2021 through september 2022 is set at the minimum of 2.5% of rwa.
the federal reserve and other u.s. federal banking agencies issued an interim final rule effective in march 2020 and later finalized on a permanent basis on august 26, 2020, which revised the definition of eligible retained income for all u.s. banking organizations. the revised definition of eligible retained income makes any automatic limitations on capital distributions, where a banking organization's regulatory ratios were to decline below the respective minimum requirements, take effect on a more gradual basis.
following the launch of the mmlf program, which we participated in, the federal reserve issued an interim final rule on march 19, 2020 (followed by a final rule on september 29, 2020), allowing bank holding companies (bhcs) to exclude assets purchased with the mmlf program from their rwa, total leverage exposure and average total consolidated assets. no new credit extensions were made after march 31, 2021, as the program had expired.
on march 27, 2020, the bcbs announced the deferral of the implementation of the revisions to the basel iii framework to january 1, 2023. as of now, the u.s. federal banking agencies have not formally proposed the implementation of the bcbs revisions.
effective april 1, 2020, the federal reserve and other u.s. federal banking agencies adopted a final rule as part of egrrcpa that establishes a deduction for qualifying central bank deposits from a custodial banking organization's total leverage exposure equal to the lesser of (i) the total amount of funds the custodial banking organization and its consolidated subsidiaries have on deposit at qualifying central banks and (ii) the total amount of client funds on deposit at the custodial banking organization that are linked to fiduciary or custodial and safekeeping accounts. for the quarter ended december 31, 2021, we deducted $84.1 billion of average balances held on deposit at central banks from the denominator used in the calculation of our slr, based on this custodial banking deduction.
on october 20, 2020, the federal reserve and other u.s. federal banking agencies issued a final rule that requires us and state street bank to make certain deductions from regulatory capital for investments in certain unsecured debt instruments, including eligible ltd under the tlac rule, issued by the parent company and other u.s. and foreign g-sibs. the final rule became effective on april 1, 2021.
in light of the decision to administer a new stress test, the federal reserve limited the ability of all ccar banking organizations to make capital distributions in the third and fourth quarters of 2020, although banking organizations were permitted to pay common stock dividends at previous levels provided such distributions did not exceed an amount determined by a formula based on the banking organization's recent income. as a result, ccar banking organizations, including us, were not permitted to return capital to shareholders in the form of common share repurchases during the third quarter and fourth quarter of 2020.
on august 10, 2020, the federal reserve confirmed that our scb was 2.5% for the period starting on october 1, 2020 and ending on september 30, 2021.
state street corporation | 120
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations on december 18, 2020, following the release of a second round of stress test results for 2020, the federal reserve modified the restrictions on capital distributions for the first quarter of 2021. common stock dividends and share repurchases in the first quarter of 2021 were limited to the average of our net income for the four preceding quarters plus a number of shares equal to the share issuances in the quarter related to expensed employee compensation, provided that we did not increase the amount of our common stock dividends to be larger than the level paid in the second quarter of 2020. on march 25, 2021, the federal reserve extended these restrictions through the second quarter of 2021.
on june 24, 2021, we were notified by the federal reserve of the results from the 2021 supervisory stress test. our scb calculated under this supervisory stress test was well below the 2.5% minimum, resulting in an scb at that floor, which was effective starting october 1, 2021 and will run through september 30, 2022. the federal reserve also lifted the restrictions on capital distributions implemented in response to the covid-19 pandemic and we are currently governed in our capital distributions by minimum capital requirements inclusive of the scb.
for additional information about regulatory developments, refer to the "regulatory capital adequacy and liquidity standards" section of "supervision and regulation" in business in this form 10-k.
capital actions preferred stock the following table summarizes selected terms of each of the series of the preferred stock issued and outstanding as of december 31, 2021:
table 46: preferred stock issued and outstanding preferred stock(1):                 issuance date                       depositary shares issued                amount outstanding (in millions)                  ownership interest per depositary share                liquidation preference per share                 liquidation preference per depositary share                                                                                                                                           per annum dividend rate            dividend payment frequency                                         carrying value as of december 31, 2021            redemption date(2)
(in millions)
series d                            february 2014                          30,000,000                                          $750                                                             1/4,000th                           $100,000                                                     $25                                                                             5.90% to but excluding march 15, 2024, then a floating rate equal to the three-month libor plus 3.108%            quarterly: march, june, september and december                                        $742                           march 15, 2024
series f(3)                         may 2015                                  250,000                                                        250                                                  1/100th                            100,000                                                   1,000                                 5.25% to but excluding september 15, 2020, then a floating rate equal to the three-month libor plus 3.597%, or 3.7998% effective december 15, 2021            quarterly: march, june, september and december                                         247                           september 15, 2020
series g                            april 2016                             20,000,000                                                        500                                                1/4,000th                            100,000                25                                                                                                                   5.35% to but excluding march 15, 2026, then a floating rate equal to the three-month libor plus 3.709%            quarterly: march, june, september and december                                         493                           march 15, 2026
series h                            september 2018                            500,000                                                        500                                                  1/100th                            100,000                                                   1,000                                                                         5.625% to but excluding december 15, 2023, then a floating rate equal to the three-month libor plus 2.539%            semi-annually: june and december                                                       494                           december 15, 2023
(1) the preferred stock and corresponding depositary shares may be redeemed at our option in whole, but not in part, prior to the redemption date upon the occurrence of a regulatory capital treatment event, as defined in the certificate of designation, at a redemption price equal to the liquidation price per share and liquidation price per depositary share plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends.
(2) on the redemption date, or any dividend payment date thereafter, the preferred stock and corresponding depositary shares may be redeemed by us, in whole or in part, at the liquidation price per share and liquidation price per depositary share plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends.
(3) series f preferred stock is redeemable on september 15, 2020 and on each succeeding dividend payment date.
state street corporation | 121
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations on march 15, 2021, we redeemed an aggregate of $500 million, or 5,000 of the 7,500 outstanding shares of our non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series f, for cash at a redemption price of $100,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share) plus all declared and unpaid dividends.
the following table presents the dividends declared for each of the series of preferred stock issued and outstanding for the periods indicated:
table 47: preferred stock dividends years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                                                         2020
(dollars in millions, except per share amounts)            dividends declared per share                     dividends declared per depositary share                  total                 dividends declared per share                     dividends declared per depositary share                  total preferred stock:
series c                                                                 $-                                                      $-                                 $-                               $1,313                                                   $0.33                                 $6
series d                                                              5,900                                                    1.48                                 44                                5,900                                                    1.48                                 44
series f                                                              3,808                                                   38.08                                 15                                6,223                                                   62.23                                 47
series g                                                              5,352                                                    1.32                                                                   5,352                                                    1.32                                 27
series h                                                              5,625                                                   56.25                                                                   5,625                                                   56.25                                 28
total                                                                                                                                                             $114                                                                                                                            $152
common stock in september 2021, we completed a public offering of approximately 21.7 million shares of our common stock. the offering price was $87.60 per share and net proceeds totaled approximately $1.9 billion. we expect to use these net proceeds to finance our planned acquisition of the bbh investor services business.
in june 2019, the federal reserve issued a non-objection to our capital plan submitted as part of the 2019 ccar submission; and in connection with that capital plan, our board approved a common share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $2.0 billion of our common stock from july 1, 2019 through june 30, 2020 (the 2019 program). we repurchased $500 million of our common stock in each of the third and fourth quarters of 2019 and the first quarter of 2020 under the 2019 program.
on march 16, 2020, we, along with the other u.s. g-sibs, suspended common share repurchases and maintained this suspension through the fourth quarter of 2020 in response to the covid-19 pandemic. this suspension was consistent with limitations imposed by the federal reserve beginning in the second quarter of 2020. as a result, we had no repurchases of our common stock in the second, third or fourth quarters of 2020. in december 2020, the federal reserve issued results of 2020 resubmission stress tests and authorized us to continue to pay common stock dividends at current levels and to resume repurchasing common shares in the first quarter of 2021. in january 2021, our board authorized a common share repurchase program for the repurchase of up to $475 million of our common stock through march 31, 2021. we repurchased $475 million of our common stock in the first quarter of 2021. in april 2021, our board authorized a common share repurchase program for the repurchase of up to $425 million of our common stock through june 30, 2021, in compliance with the limit set by the federal reserve. we repurchased $425 million of our common stock in the second quarter of 2021. in july 2021, our board authorized a share repurchase program for the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion of our common stock through the end of 2022.
in connection with our planned acquisition of the bbh investor services business, we did not repurchase any common stock during the third and fourth quarters of 2021 under the common share repurchase plan approved by our board in july 2021, and we do not intend to repurchase any common stock during the first quarter of 2022. we intend to resume our common share repurchases during the second quarter of 2022.
the table below presents the activity under our common share repurchase program for the period indicated:
table 48: shares repurchased year ended december 31, 2021
shares acquired               average cost per share                    total acquired
(in millions)                                                         (in millions)
11.2                       $80.00                                    $900
year ended december 31, 2020
shares acquired               average cost per share                    total acquired
(in millions)                                                         (in millions)
2019 program                                                                                           6.5                       $77.35                                    $500
state street corporation | 122
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the table below presents the dividends declared on common stock for the periods indicated:
table 49: common stock dividends years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                      2020
dividends declared per share                    total                            dividends declared per share                    total
(in millions)                                                                    (in millions)
common stock         $2.18                                           $779                             $2.08                                           $734
federal and state banking regulations place certain restrictions on dividends paid by subsidiary banks to the parent holding company. in addition, banking regulators have the authority to prohibit bank holding companies from paying dividends. for information concerning limitations on dividends from our subsidiary banks, refer to "related stockholder matters" included under item 5, market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities, and to note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k. our common stock and preferred stock dividends, including the declaration, timing and amount thereof, are subject to consideration and approval by the board at the relevant times.
stock purchases may be made using various types of transactions, including open market purchases, accelerated share repurchases or other transactions off the market, and may be made under rule 10b5-1 trading programs. the timing and amount of any stock purchases and the type of transaction will depend on several factors, including investment opportunities, our capital position, our financial performance, market conditions and the amount of common stock issued as part of employee compensation programs. the common share repurchase program does not have specific price targets and may be suspended at any time.
off-balance sheet arrangements on behalf of clients enrolled in our securities lending program, we lend securities to banks, broker/dealers and other institutions. in most circumstances, we indemnify our clients for the fair market value of those securities against a failure of the borrower to return such securities. though these transactions are collateralized, the substantial volume of these activities necessitates detailed credit-based underwriting and monitoring processes. the aggregate amount of indemnified securities on loan totaled $385.74 billion and $440.88 billion as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively. we require the borrower to provide collateral in an amount in excess of 100% of the fair market value of the securities borrowed. we hold the collateral received in connection with these securities lending services as agent, and the collateral is not recorded in our consolidated statement of condition. we revalue the securities on loan and the collateral daily to determine if additional collateral is necessary or if excess collateral is required to be returned to the borrower. we held, as agent, cash and securities totaling $404.12 billion and $463.27 billion as collateral for indemnified securities on loan as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively.
the cash collateral held by us as agent is invested on behalf of our clients. in certain cases, the cash collateral is invested in third-party repurchase agreements, for which we indemnify the client against loss of the principal invested. we require the counterparty to the indemnified repurchase agreement to provide collateral in an amount in excess of 100% of the amount of the repurchase agreement. in our role as agent, the indemnified repurchase agreements and the related collateral held by us are not recorded in our consolidated statement of condition. of the collateral of $404.12 billion and $463.27 billion, referenced above, $61.56 billion and $54.43 billion was invested in indemnified repurchase agreements as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively. we or our agents held $67.01 billion and $58.09 billion as collateral for indemnified investments in repurchase agreements as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively.
additional information about our securities finance activities and other off-balance sheet arrangements is provided in notes 10, 12 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
state street corporation | 123
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations significant accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with u.s. gaap, and we apply accounting policies that affect the determination of amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. additional information on our significant accounting policies, including references to applicable footnotes, is provided in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
certain of our accounting policies, by their nature, require management to make judgments, involving significant estimates and assumptions, about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. these estimates and assumptions are based on information available as of the date of the consolidated financial statements, and changes in this information over time could materially affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue and expenses reported in subsequent consolidated financial statements.
based on the sensitivity of reported financial statement amounts to the underlying estimates and assumptions, the more significant accounting policies applied by us have been identified by management as those associated with recurring fair value measurements, allowance for credit losses, impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, and contingencies. these accounting policies require the most subjective or complex judgments, and underlying estimates and assumptions could be most subject to revision as new information becomes available. an understanding of the judgments, estimates and assumptions underlying these accounting policies is essential in order to understand our reported consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
the following is a discussion of the above-mentioned significant accounting estimates. management has discussed these significant accounting estimates with the e&a committee of the board.
fair value measurements we carry certain of our financial assets and liabilities at fair value in our consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis, including trading account assets and liabilities, afs debt securities, certain equity securities and various types of derivative financial instruments.
changes in the fair value of these financial assets and liabilities are recorded either as components of our consolidated statement of income or as components of other comprehensive income within shareholders' equity in our consolidated statement of condition. in addition to those financial assets and liabilities that we carry at fair value in our consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis, we estimate the fair values of other financial assets and liabilities that we carry at amortized cost in our consolidated statement of condition, and we disclose these fair value estimates in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. we estimate the fair values of these financial assets and liabilities using the definition of fair value described below. additional information with respect to the assets and liabilities carried by us at fair value on a recurring basis is provided in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
u.s. gaap defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for an asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. when we measure fair value for our financial assets and liabilities, we consider the principal or the most advantageous market in which we would transact; we also consider assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. when possible, we look to active and observable markets to measure the fair value of identical, or similar, financial assets and liabilities. when identical financial assets and liabilities are not traded in active markets, we look to market-observable data for similar assets and liabilities. in some instances, certain assets and liabilities are not actively traded in observable markets; as a result, we use alternate valuation techniques to measure their fair value.
we categorize the financial assets and liabilities that we carry at fair value in our consolidated statement of condition on a recurring basis based on u.s. gaap's prescribed three-level valuation hierarchy. the hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1) and the lowest priority to valuation methods using significant unobservable inputs (level 3).
with respect to derivative instruments, we evaluate the fair value impact of the credit risk of our counterparties. we consider such factors as the market-based probability of default by our counterparties, and our current and expected potential future net exposures by remaining maturities, in determining the appropriate measurements of fair value.
state street corporation | 124
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations allowance for credit losses in january 2020, we adopted asc 326, which replaces the incurred loss methodology with an expected loss methodology. we maintain an allowance for credit losses to support our on-balance sheet credit exposures, including financial assets held at amortized cost. we also maintain an allowance for unfunded commitments and letters of credit to support our off-balance credit exposure. the two components together represent the allowance for credit losses.
determining the appropriateness of the allowance is complex and requires judgment by management about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. in future periods, factors and forecasts then prevailing may result in significant changes in the allowance for credit losses in those future periods. we estimate credit losses over the contractual life of the financial asset while factoring in prepayment activity where supported by data over a three year reasonable and supportable forecast period. we utilize a baseline, upside and downside scenario which are applied based on a probability weighting, in order to better reflect management's expectation of expected credit losses given existing market conditions and the changes in the economic environment. the multiple scenarios are based on a three year horizon (or less depending on contractual maturity) and then revert linearly over a two year period to a ten-year historical average thereafter. the contractual term excludes expected extensions, renewals and modifications, but includes prepayment assumptions where applicable.
our allowance for credit losses is sensitive to a number of inputs, including macroeconomic forecast assumptions and credit rating migrations during the period. our macroeconomic forecasts used in determining the december 31, 2021 allowance for credit losses consisted of three scenarios. the baseline scenario reflects ongoing gdp growth and falling unemployment in 2022, generally in line with market expectations, and consistent with waning covid transmission and improved supply chains. the upside scenario reflects a faster recovery in consumer spending and stronger productivity growth in 2022 relative to the baseline scenario. the downside scenario contemplates a double-dip recession due to resurgent covid infections that results in negative gdp growth, rising unemployment, and deteriorating credit conditions in early 2022. we placed the most weight on our baseline scenario, with the remaining weighting split equally between the upside and downside scenarios.
keeping all other factors constant, we estimate that if we had applied 100% weighting to the downside scenario, the allowance for credit losses as of december 31, 2021 would have been approximately $50 million higher. this estimate is intended to reflect the sensitivity of the allowance for credit losses to changes in our scenario weights and is not intended to be indicative of future changes in the allowance for credit losses.
additional information about our allowance for credit losses is provided in notes 3 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net tangible and other intangible assets acquired at the acquisition date. other intangible assets represent purchased long-lived intangible assets, primarily client relationships, core deposit intangible assets and technology that can be distinguished from goodwill because of contractual rights or because the asset can be exchanged on its own or in combination with a related contract, asset or liability. other intangible assets are initially measured at their acquisition date fair value, the determination of which requires management judgment. goodwill is not amortized, while other intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives.
management reviews goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if circumstances arise or events occur that indicate an impairment of the carrying amount may exist. we begin our review by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. events that may indicate impairment include: significant or adverse changes in the business, economic or political climate; an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; unanticipated competition; and a more-likely-than-not expectation that we will sell or otherwise dispose of a business to which the goodwill or other intangible assets relate. if we conclude from the qualitative assessment of goodwill impairment that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is greater than its carrying amount, quantitative tests are not required. however, if we determine it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount, then we complete a quantitative assessment to determine if there is goodwill impairment. we may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and complete a quantitative assessment in any given year.
in 2021, we assessed goodwill for impairment using a qualitative assessment. based on our evaluation of the qualitative factors noted above, we determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each of the reporting units exceeded its state street corporation | 125
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations respective carrying amount. we determined there was no goodwill impairment in 2021.
other intangible assets are supported by the future cash flows that are directly associated with and expected to arise as a direct result of the use of the intangible asset, less any costs associated with the intangible asset's eventual disposition. we evaluate other intangible assets for impairment at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows from other groups of assets using the following process.  first, we routinely assess whether impairment indicators are present. when impairment indicators are identified as being present, we compare the estimated future net undiscounted cash flows of the intangible asset with its carrying value. if the future net undiscounted cash flows are greater than the carrying value, then there is no impairment, but if the intangible asset's net undiscounted cash flows are less than its carrying value, we are required to calculate impairment. an impairment is recognized by writing the intangible asset down to its fair value.  we evaluate intangible assets for indicators of impairment on a quarterly basis. there were no impairments taken on other intangible assets in 2021.
additional information about goodwill and other intangible assets, including information by line of business, is provided in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
contingencies information on significant estimates and judgments related with establishing litigation reserves is discussed in note 13 of the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
recent accounting developments information with respect to recent accounting developments is provided in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
state street corporation | 126
