item 1a. risk factors the following discussion of "risk factors" identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial position or future financial performance. this information should be read in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in this report. the following discussion of risks is not all inclusive but is designed to highlight what we believe are the most significant factors to consider when evaluating our business. these factors could cause our future results to differ from our expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements identified within "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," and from historical trends.
industry and general economic risks global health developments and economic uncertainty resulting from the covid-19 pandemic have adversely affected, and are expected to continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations.
public health crises, pandemics and epidemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic, have impacted our operations directly and may continue to impact us directly, or may continue to disrupt the operations of our business partners, suppliers and customers in ways that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. fear of such events may further alter consumer confidence, behavior and spending patterns, and could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries (or globally), resulting in an economic downturn that could affect customers' demand for our products.
in response to the outbreak of covid-19 and its development into a pandemic, governmental authorities in many countries in which we operate, and in which our customers are present and suppliers operate, have imposed mandatory closures, sought voluntary closures and imposed restrictions on, or advisories with respect to, travel, business operations and public gatherings or interactions. among other matters, these actions have required or strongly urged various venues where foodservice products are served, including restaurants, schools, hotels and cruise liners, to reduce or discontinue operations, which have adversely affected and will continue to adversely affect demand in the foodservice industry, including demand for our products and services. in addition, some consumers are choosing to stay home due to the perceived risk of infection and health risk associated with covid-19, which is adversely affecting demand in the foodservice industry, including demand for our products and services. recently, mutations of the virus have arisen, some of which are proving to be particularly aggressive variants. as these variants spread, some governmental authorities have reintroduced certain restrictions and others may decide to do so in the future, which could adversely affect the timing of business reopenings and demand in the foodservice industry.
these events have had, and could continue to have, an adverse impact on numerous aspects of our business, financial condition and results of operations including, but not limited to, our growth, product costs, supply chain disruptions and the potential for inventory spoilage, labor shortages, logistics constraints, customer demand for our products and industry demand generally, difficulties in collecting our accounts receivables and corresponding increases in our bad debt exposure, consumer spending, our liquidity, the price of our securities and trading markets with respect thereto, our ability to access capital markets, and the global economy and financial markets generally. a prolonged or deeper economic downturn that adversely affects our business, financial condition or results of operations could affect our ability to access the credit markets for additional liquidity. a significant downgrade in our credit ratings or adverse conditions in the capital markets may increase the cost of borrowing for us or limit our access to capital. as a result, we may be unable to continue to comply with the debt covenants that are specific to our revolving credit facility, which could result in an event of default. we may see an increase in bankruptcies of customers, which could contribute to an increase in bad debt expense. in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2020, the company experienced an increase in past due receivables and recognized additional bad debt charges on its trade receivables that were outstanding at the time the pandemic caused closures among our customers in mid-march 2020. these receivables were all created in fiscal 2020 and are referred to as pre-pandemic receivables. as of july 3, 2021, our pre-pandemic receivable balance outstanding is no longer significant and a majority of the amount outstanding is reserved within our allowance for doubtful accounts. if further significant governmental restrictions are imposed in response to the spread of covid-19 (including any variants thereof), sysco could experience additional increases in past due receivables, which would have an adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
we have implemented employee safety measures, based on guidance from the centers for disease control and prevention and world health organization, across all our supply chain facilities, including proper hygiene, social distancing, mask use, and temperature screenings. these measures may not be sufficient to prevent the spread of covid-19 among our employees. illness, travel restrictions, absenteeism, or other workforce disruptions could negatively affect our supply chain, distribution, or other business processes. we may face additional production disruptions in the future, which may place constraints on our ability to distribute products in a timely manner or may increase our costs.
the ultimate extent of the impact of covid-19 on our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend largely on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak and the related impact on consumer confidence and spending, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with certainty at this time. even after the covid-19 pandemic subsides, we could experience a longer-term impact on our business, such as costs associated with enhanced health, safety and hygiene requirements in one or more regions in attempts to counteract future outbreaks or the possibility that venues where foodservice products are served are slow to reopen and/or experience reduced customer traffic after reopening.
the impact of the covid-19 pandemic may change our mix of earnings by customer type and by jurisdiction and has increased the risk that operating losses may occur within certain of our jurisdictions that could lead to the recognition of valuation allowances against certain deferred tax assets in the future, if these losses are prolonged beyond our current expectations. this would negatively impact our income tax expense, net earnings, and balance sheet.
sustained adverse impacts to our company, certain suppliers, and customers may also affect our future valuation of certain assets, and therefore, may increase the likelihood of an impairment charge, write-off, or reserve associated with such assets, including goodwill, long-lived intangible assets, property and equipment, inventories, accounts receivable, tax assets and other assets.
to the extent the covid-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this annual report on form 10-k and subsequent filings with the sec, such as those risks relating to our level of indebtedness, and may have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock.
our industry is characterized by low margins, and periods of significant or prolonged inflation or deflation affect our product costs and may negatively impact our profitability.
the foodservice distribution industry is characterized by relatively high inventory turnover with relatively low profit margins. volatile food costs have a direct impact on our industry. we experienced an elevated inflation rate of 9.6% combined for the u.s. and canada during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, primarily in the paper and disposables, poultry and meat categories. the rate accelerated towards the end of the quarter and has continued into the first quarter of fiscal 2022. periods of significant product cost inflation may adversely affect our results of operations if we are unable to pass on all or a portion of such product cost increases to our customers in a timely manner. in addition, periods of rapidly increasing inflation may adversely affect our business due to the impact of such inflation on discretionary spending by consumers and our limited ability to increase prices in the current, highly competitive environment. conversely, our business may be adversely affected by periods of product cost deflation, because we make a significant portion of our sales at prices that are based on the cost of products we sell plus a percentage margin. as a result, our results of operations may be adversely affected during periods of product cost deflation, even though our gross profit percentage may remain relatively constant.
a shortage of qualified labor could negatively affect our business and materially reduce earnings.
the future success of our operations, including the achievement of our strategic objectives, depends on our ability, and the ability of third parties on which we rely to supply and to deliver our products, to identify, recruit, develop and retain qualified and talented individuals. as a result, any shortage of qualified labor could significantly adversely affect our business. employee recruitment, development and retention efforts that we or such third parties undertake may not be successful, which could result in a shortage of qualified individuals in future periods. any such shortage could decrease our ability to effectively serve our customers and achieve our strategic objectives. such a shortage would also likely lead to higher wages for employees (or higher costs to purchase the services of such third parties) and a corresponding reduction in our results of operations. in the current operating environment, we are experiencing a shortage of qualified labor in certain geographies, particularly with warehouse workers and drivers, resulting in increased costs from certain temporary wage actions, such as hiring and referral and retention bonus programs. see the discussion under "human capital resources" in item 1, "business" for additional information regarding our talent acquisition and talent management efforts in the context of these labor shortages. a continuation of such shortages for a prolonged period of time could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
unfavorable macroeconomic conditions in north america and europe, as well as unfavorable conditions in particular local markets, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the foodservice industry is characterized by relatively low profit margins, consequently, our results of operations are susceptible to regional, national and international economic trends and uncertainties. economic conditions can affect us in the following ways:
•unfavorable conditions can depress sales and/or gross margins in a given market.
•food cost and fuel cost inflation experienced by the consumer can lead to reductions in the frequency of dining out and the amount spent by consumers for food-away-from-home purchases, which could negatively impact our business by reducing demand for our products.
•heightened uncertainty in the financial markets negatively affects consumer confidence and discretionary spending, which can cause disruptions with our customers and suppliers.
•liquidity issues and an inability to consistently access credit markets would impair our ability to market and distribute food products, support our operations and meet our customers' needs.
•liquidity issues and the inability of our customers to consistently access credit markets to obtain cash to support their operations can cause temporary interruptions in our ability to conduct day-to-day transactions involving the collection of funds from such customers.
•liquidity issues and the inability of our suppliers to consistently access credit markets to obtain cash to support their operations can cause temporary interruptions in our ability to obtain the foodservice products and supplies that we need in the quantities and at the prices that we request.
historically, north america and europe have experienced, from time to time, including during the covid-19 pandemic, deteriorating economic conditions and heightened uncertainty in their financial markets, which have adversely impacted business and consumer confidence and spending and depressed capital investment and economic activity in the affected regions. if similar unfavorable economic conditions were to arise in the future, or recent volatility in the financial markets and the global economy were to continue, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
economic and political instability and potential unfavorable changes in laws and regulations in international markets could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our international operations subject us to certain risks, including economic and political instability and potential unfavorable changes in laws and regulations in international markets in which we operate. for example, the u.k.'s exit from the eu, which occurred on january 31, 2020 (commonly referred to as "brexit"), and the resulting significant change to the u.k.'s relationship with the eu and with countries outside the eu (and the laws, regulations and trade deals impacting business conducted between them) could disrupt the overall economic growth or stability of the u.k. and the eu and otherwise negatively impact our european operations.
the withdrawal agreement between the u.k. and the eu that established the terms governing the u.k.'s departure provided that, among other things, there would be an ongoing transition period under which the u.k. remained a part of the eu customs and regulatory area until december 31, 2020. on january 1, 2021, the u.k. left the eu single market and customs union, as well as all eu policies and international agreements. as a result, the free movement of persons, goods, services and capital between the u.k. and the eu ended, and the eu and the u.k. formed two separate markets and two distinct regulatory and legal spaces. on december 24, 2020, the european commission reached a trade agreement with the u.k. on the terms of its future cooperation with the eu (the "trade agreement"). the trade agreement offers u.k. and eu companies preferential access to each other's markets, ensuring imported goods will be free of tariffs and quotas; however, economic relations between the u.k. and the eu will now be on more restricted terms than existed previously. at this time, we cannot predict the impact that the trade agreement and any future agreements contemplated under the terms of the trade agreement will have on our business and our customers, and it is possible that new terms may adversely affect our operations and financial results. we are currently in the process of evaluating our own risks and uncertainties to ascertain what financial, trade, regulatory and legal implications the trade agreement could have on our u.k. and european business operations. this uncertainty also includes the impact on our customers' business operations and capital planning, as well as the overall impact on restaurants or other customers in the foodservice distribution industry.
the completion of brexit could also adversely affect the value of our euro- and pound-denominated assets and obligations. exchange rates related to the british pound sterling have been more volatile since the u.k. announced it would exit the eu and such volatility may continue in the future. future fluctuations in the exchange rate between the british pound sterling and the local currencies of our suppliers may have the effect of increasing our cost of goods sold in the u.k., which increases we may not be able to pass on to our customers. uncertainty surrounding brexit has contributed to recent fluctuations in the u.k. economy and could result in future disruptions in economic activity in the u.k., europe or globally, which could adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. in addition, brexit could cause financial and capital markets within and outside the u.k. or the eu to constrict, thereby negatively impacting our ability to finance our business, and could cause a substantial dip in consumer confidence and spending that could negatively impact the foodservice distribution industry. any one of these impacts could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
as an example of political instability, in fiscal 2020, the "yellow vest" protests in france against a fuel tax increase, pension reform and the french government negatively impacted our sales in france. similarly, future labor disruptions or disputes could disrupt the integration of brakes france into sysco france and our operations in france and the eu generally. in addition, if changes occur in laws and regulations impacting the flow of goods, services and workers in either the u.k or france or in other parts of the eu, with respect to brexit or otherwise, our european operations could also be negatively impacted.
competition and the impact of gpos may reduce our margins and make it difficult for us to maintain our market share, growth rate and profitability.
the foodservice distribution industry is fragmented and highly competitive, with local, regional and multi-regional distributors and specialty competitors. local and regional companies often align themselves with other smaller distributors through purchasing cooperatives and marketing groups, with the goal of enhancing their geographic reach, private label offerings, overall purchasing power, cost efficiencies and ability to meet customer distribution requirements. these suppliers may also rely on local presence as a source of competitive advantage, and they may have lower costs and other competitive advantages due to geographic proximity. furthermore, barriers to entry by new competitors, or geographic or product line expansion by existing competitors, are low. additionally, increased competition from non-traditional sources (such as club stores and commercial wholesale outlets with lower cost structures), online direct food wholesalers and cash and carry operations have served to further increase pressure on the industry's profit margins, and continued margin pressure within the industry may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
moreover, some of our customers purchase their products from us through group purchasing organizations, or "gpos," in an effort to lower the prices paid by these customers on their foodservice orders. gpos have a relatively larger presence in the healthcare, lodging and foodservice management customer segments. if these gpos are able to add a significant number of our customers as members, it may negatively affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
finally, demand for food-away-from-home products is volatile and price sensitive, imposing limits on our customers' ability to absorb cost increases. new and increasing competitive sources may result in increased focus on pricing and on limiting price increases or may require increased discounting or other concessions. such competition or other industry pressures may result in margin erosion and/or make it difficult for us to attract and retain customers.
if we are unable to effectively differentiate ourselves from our competitors, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. in addition, even if we are able to effectively differentiate ourselves, we may only be able to do so through increased expenditures or decreased prices, which could also adversely impact our results of operations.
we may not be able to fully compensate for increases in fuel costs, and fuel hedging arrangements intended to contain fuel costs could result in above market fuel costs.
volatile fuel prices have a direct impact on our industry. we require significant quantities of fuel for our delivery vehicles and are exposed to the risk associated with fluctuations in the market price for fuel. the price and supply of fuel can fluctuate significantly based on international, political and economic circumstances, as well as other factors outside our control, such as actions by the organization of the petroleum exporting countries, or opec, and other oil and gas producers, regional production patterns, weather conditions and environmental concerns. the cost of fuel affects the price paid by us for products, as well as the costs we incur to deliver products to our customers. although we have been able to pass along a portion of increased fuel costs to our customers in the past through, among other things, our fuel surcharge program, we may not be able to do so in the future. if fuel costs increase in the future, we may experience difficulties in passing all or a portion of these costs along to our customers, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
we routinely enter into fuel hedging arrangements, including fuel derivatives, to hedge our exposure to volatile fuel prices. nevertheless, our fuel hedging transactions may not be effective in protecting us from changes in fuel prices, and if fuel prices were to decrease significantly, these hedging arrangements would result in our paying higher-than-market costs for a portion of our diesel fuel. in addition, our future use of fuel derivatives would expose us to the risk that any of our counterparties fails to perform its obligations, whether due to its insolvency or otherwise, which could result in financial losses.
business and operational risks conditions beyond our control can interrupt our supplies, increase our product costs and impair our ability to deliver products and services to our customers.
we obtain substantially all of our foodservice and related products from third-party suppliers. although our purchasing volume can provide benefits when dealing with suppliers, suppliers may not be able to provide the foodservice products and supplies that we need in the quantities and at the prices that we request due to conditions outside of their control. we are also subject to delays caused by interruptions in production and increases in product costs based on conditions outside of our control. these conditions include shortages of qualified labor for our suppliers, work slowdowns, work interruptions, strikes or other job actions by employees of suppliers, short-term weather conditions or more prolonged climate change, crop and other agricultural conditions, water shortages, transportation interruptions (such as shortages of ocean cargo containers), unavailability of fuel or increases in fuel costs, product recalls, competitive demands, civil insurrection or social unrest, terrorist attacks or international hostilities and natural disasters, epidemics, pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic) or other human or animal disease outbreaks or other catastrophic events (including, but not limited to, foodborne illnesses). many of these conditions outside of our control could also impair our ability to provide our products and services to our customers or increase the cost of doing so. our current operating environment is constantly shifting in response to covid-19, placing significant pressure on the food-away-from-home supply chain. customer demand is currently outpacing available supply in certain categories. certain suppliers are struggling to meet demand for our orders. future supply shortages could have an adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
further, increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions, whether due to global climate change or otherwise, could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or adversely affect demand for our products. at any time, input costs could increase for a prolonged period for a large portion of the products that we sell. additionally, we procure products from suppliers outside of the u.s., and we are subject to the risks associated with political or financial instability, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates, transport capacity and costs and other factors relating to foreign trade, including health and safety restrictions related to epidemics and pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic), any or all of which could delay our receipt of products or increase our input costs.
our inability to obtain adequate supplies of foodservice and related products and/or to timely provide our products and services and fulfill our other obligations to our customers, whether as a result of any of the foregoing factors or otherwise could mean that we could not fulfill our obligations to customers, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as our customers may turn to other distributors.
in addition, as a foodservice distributor, it is necessary for us to maintain an inventory of products. declines in product pricing levels between the time we purchase a product from our suppliers and the time we sell the product to our customers could reduce our margin on that inventory, adversely affecting our results of operations.
adverse publicity about us or lack of confidence in our products could negatively impact our reputation and reduce earnings.
maintaining a good reputation and public confidence in the safety of the products we distribute is critical to our business. sysco's brand names, trademarks and logos and our reputation are powerful sales and marketing tools, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. anything that damages our reputation or public confidence in our products, whether or not justified, including negative publicity about the quality, safety, sustainability or integrity of our products or relating to illegal or unethical activities by our employees, suppliers or agents, could tarnish our reputation and diminish the value of our brand, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
reports, whether true or not, of foodborne illnesses (such as e-coli, avian flu, bovine spongiform encephalopathy, hepatitis a, trichinosis, salmonella, listeria or swine flu) or injuries caused by food tampering could also severely injure our reputation or reduce public confidence in our products. if patrons of our restaurant customers were to become ill from foodborne illnesses, our customers could be forced to temporarily close restaurant locations, which would have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. in addition, instances of foodborne illnesses or food tampering or other health concerns (even those unrelated to the use of sysco products) or public concern regarding the safety of our products, can result in negative publicity about the food service distribution industry and materially adversely affect our results of operations.
damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our products and services. this reduction in demand, together with the dedication of time and expense necessary to defend our reputation, would have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand. our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity, including dissemination via print, broadcast or social media, or other forms of internet-based communications. adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us could damage our reputation and image, undermine our customers' confidence in us and reduce short-term or long-term demand for our products and services, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our relationships with long-term customers may be materially diminished or terminated.
we have long-standing relationships with a number of our customers, many of whom could unilaterally terminate their relationship with us or materially reduce the amount of business they conduct with us at any time. market competition, customer requirements, customer financial condition and customer consolidation through mergers or acquisitions also could adversely affect our ability to continue or expand these relationships. we may not be able to retain or renew existing agreements, maintain relationships with any of our customers on acceptable terms, or at all, or collect amounts that insolvent customers might owe us. some of our customer agreements are terminable upon written notice by either us or the customer, which provides some customers with the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us on less favorable terms or to award more business to our competitors. the loss of one or more of our major customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our anticipated change to the mix of locally managed customers versus multi-unit customers could reduce our gross and operating margins.
gross margin from our multi-unit customers is generally lower than that of our locally managed customers because we typically sell higher volumes of products to these customers and provide a relatively lower level of value-added services than we do to locally managed customers. if sales to our locally managed customers do not grow at the same (or a greater) rate as sales to our multi-unit customers, our operating margins will likely decline. meanwhile, the covid-19 pandemic generally has negatively affected multi-unit customers less than locally managed customers.
if our sales to multi-unit customers were to continue to increase at a faster pace of growth than sales to our locally managed customers, we will become more dependent on multi-unit customers, as they begin to represent a greater proportion of our total sales. therefore, a future loss of sales to the larger of these multi-unit customers could have a material negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. additionally, as a result of our greater dependence on these customers, they could pressure us to lower our prices and/or offer expanded or additional services at the same prices. in that event, if we were unable to achieve additional cost savings to offset these price reductions and/or cost increases, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. we may be unable to change our cost structure and pricing practices rapidly enough to successfully compete in such an environment.
changes in consumer eating habits could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
changes in consumer eating habits (such as a decline in consuming food away from home, a decline in portion sizes, or a shift in preferences toward restaurants that are not our customers) could reduce demand for our products. consumer eating habits could be affected by a number of factors, including changes in attitudes regarding diet and health or new information regarding the health effects of consuming certain foods. there is a growing consumer preference for sustainable, organic and locally grown products, and a shift towards plant-based proteins and/or animal proteins derived from animals that were humanely treated and antibiotic free.
changing consumer eating habits also occur due to generational shifts. millennials, the largest demographic group in terms of spend, seek new and different, as well as more ethnic, menu options and menu innovation. if consumer eating habits change significantly, we may be required to modify or discontinue sales of certain items in our product portfolio, and we may experience higher costs and/or supply shortages associated with our efforts to accommodate those changes as our suppliers adapt to the new eating preferences. changing consumer eating habits may reduce the frequency with which consumers purchase meals outside of the home. additionally, changes in consumer eating habits may result in the enactment or amendment of laws and regulations that impact the ingredients and nutritional content of our food products, or laws and regulations requiring us to disclose the nutritional content of our food products. compliance with these laws and regulations, as well as others regarding the ingredients and nutritional content of our food products, may be costly and time-consuming. we may not be able to effectively respond to changes in consumer health perceptions or resulting new laws or regulations or to adapt our menu offerings to trends in eating habits.
in addition, in response to the covid-19 pandemic and the related economic downturn, many consumers have preferred to eat at home rather than consume food away from home. if these preferences continue and consumers continue to avoid gathering in public places in large groups, the demand for our products and services could be adversely affected. moreover, once all governmental restrictions are lifted, it is unclear how quickly customers will return to their prior eating habits, which may be a function of continued concerns over safety or depressed consumer sentiment due to adverse economic conditions, including job losses.
expanding into international markets and complementary lines of business presents unique challenges, and our expansion efforts with respect to international operations and complementary lines of business may not be successful.
an element of our strategy includes further expansion of operations into international markets and the establishment of international procurement organizations. our ability to successfully operate in international markets may be adversely affected by political, economic and social conditions beyond our control, public health crises, epidemics and pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic), local laws and customs, and legal and regulatory constraints, including compliance with applicable anti-corruption and currency laws and regulations, of the countries or regions in which we currently operate or intend to operate in the future. risks inherent in our existing and future international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, difficulties in identifying and gaining access to local suppliers, suffering possible adverse tax consequences from changes in tax laws or the unfavorable resolution of tax assessments or audits, maintaining product quality and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights. additionally, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations thereof may have an adverse effect on the financial results of our international operations.
another element of our strategy includes the possibility of expansion into businesses that are closely related or complementary to, but not currently part of, our core foodservice distribution business. our ability to successfully operate in these complementary business markets may be adversely affected by legal and regulatory constraints, including compliance with regulatory programs to which we become subject. risks inherent in branching out into such complementary markets also include the costs and difficulties of managing operations outside of our core business, which may require additional skills and competencies, as well as difficulties in identifying and gaining access to suppliers or customers in new markets.
changes in applicable tax laws or regulations and the resolution of tax disputes could negatively affect our financial results.
as a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes, as well as non-income-based taxes, in both the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. changes in tax laws or tax rulings may have a significant adverse impact on our effective tax rate. for example, the u.s. and many countries where we do business are actively considering or have recently enacted changes in relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations, including changes to tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. recently, the biden administration committed to increasing the corporate income tax rate, and to increasing the tax rate applied to profits earned outside the united states. if enacted, the impact of these potential new rules could be material to our tax provision and value of deferred tax assets and liabilities.
further, in the ordinary course of a global business, there are many intercompany transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination could change if tax laws or tax rulings were to be modified. we are also subject to non-income-based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes, in both the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. although we believe that our income and non-income-based tax estimates are appropriate, there is no assurance that the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes will not be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals.
given the unpredictability of possible further changes to the u.s. or foreign tax laws and regulations and their potential interdependency, it is very difficult to predict the cumulative effect of such tax laws and regulations on our results of operations and cash flow, but such laws and regulations (and changes thereto) could adversely impact our financial results.
if the products distributed by us are alleged to have caused injury or illness, or to have failed to comply with governmental regulations, we may need to recall our products and may experience product liability claims.
we, like any other foodservice distributor, may be subject to product recalls, including voluntary recalls or withdrawals, if the products we distribute are alleged to have caused injury or illness, to have been mislabeled, misbranded, or adulterated or to otherwise have violated applicable governmental regulations. we may also choose to voluntarily recall or withdraw products that we determine do not satisfy our quality standards, whether for taste, appearance or otherwise, in order to protect our brand and reputation. any future product recall or withdrawal that results in substantial and unexpected expenditures, destruction of product inventory, damage to our reputation and/or lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we also face the risk of exposure to product liability claims if the use of products sold by sysco is alleged to have caused injury or illness. we cannot be sure that consumption of our products will not cause a health-related illness in the future or that we will not be subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters. further, even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and our corporate and brand image. umbrella liability insurance that we maintain for product liability claims may not continue to be available at a reasonable cost or, if available, may not be adequate to cover all of our liabilities. we generally seek contractual indemnification and insurance coverage from parties supplying our products, but this indemnification or insurance coverage is limited, as a practical matter, to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance provided by suppliers. if we do not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnification available, product liability relating to defective products could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
if we fail to comply with requirements imposed by applicable law or other governmental regulations, we could become subject to lawsuits, investigations and other liabilities and restrictions on our operations that could significantly and adversely affect our business.
we are subject to regulation by various federal, state, provincial, regional and local governments in the countries in which we operate with respect to many aspects of our business, such as food safety and sanitation, ethical business practices, transportation, minimum wage, overtime, wage payment, wage and hour and employment discrimination, immigration, human health and safety, and due to the services we provide in connection with governmentally funded entitlement programs. for a detailed discussion of the laws and regulations to which our business is subject, please refer to "business - government regulation" in part i, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
from time to time, both federal and state governmental agencies have conducted audits of our billing practices as part of investigations of providers of services under governmental contracts, or otherwise. we also receive requests for information from governmental agencies in connection with these audits. while we attempt to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, we may not be in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations or interpretations of these laws and regulations at all times; moreover, we may not be able to comply with all future laws, regulations or interpretations of these laws and regulations.
if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations or encounter disagreements with respect to our contracts subject to governmental regulations, including those referred to above, we may be subject to investigations, criminal sanctions or civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, prohibitions on exporting, or seizures or debarments from contracting with such government. the cost of compliance or the consequences of non-compliance, including debarments, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, governmental units may make changes in the regulatory frameworks within which we operate that may require us to incur substantial increases in costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations.
we may incur significant costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations, and we may be subject to substantial fines, penalties or third-party claims for non-compliance.
our operations are subject to various federal, state, provincial, regional and local laws, rules and regulations in the various countries in which we operate relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing:
•the discharge of pollutants into the air, soil, and water;
•the management and disposal of solid and hazardous materials and wastes;
•employee exposure to hazards in the workplace; and
•the investigation and remediation of contamination resulting from releases of petroleum products and other regulated materials.
in the course of our operations, we operate, maintain and fuel fleet vehicles; store fuel in on-site above and underground storage tanks; operate refrigeration systems; and use and dispose of hazardous substances and food wastes. we could incur substantial costs, including fines or penalties and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, as a result of any violations of environmental or workplace safety laws and regulations or releases of regulated materials into the environment. in addition, we could incur investigation, remediation or other costs related to environmental conditions at our currently or formerly owned or operated properties.
for example, most of our distribution facilities have ammonia-based refrigeration systems and tanks for the storage of diesel fuel and other petroleum products, which are subject to laws regulating such systems and storage tanks (including the investigation and remediation of soil and groundwater contamination associated with the use of underground storage tanks). certain of these laws and regulations in the eu may impose liability for costs of investigation or remediation of contamination (which could be material), regardless of fault or the legality of the original disposal, and even if such contamination was present prior to the commencement of our operations at the site and was not caused by our activities. in addition, many of our facilities have propane and battery-powered forklifts. proposed or recently enacted legal requirements, such as those requiring the phase-out of certain ozone-depleting substances, and proposals for the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, may require us to upgrade or replace equipment, or may increase our transportation or other operating costs.
if we are unable to finance and integrate acquired businesses effectively, our earnings per share could be materially adversely affected.
historically, a portion of our growth has come through acquisitions. if we are unable to integrate acquired businesses successfully or realize anticipated economic, operational and other benefits and synergies in a timely manner, our earnings per share may be materially adversely affected. for example, we encountered operational challenges in fiscal 2019 related to our efforts to integrate two businesses in france acquired in connection with the brakes group acquisition, which integration efforts have adversely affected our ability to drive growth in sales. integration of an acquired business may be more difficult when we acquire a business in a market in which we have limited expertise, or with a culture different from sysco's.
a significant expansion of our business and operations, in terms of geography or magnitude, could strain our administrative and operational resources. significant acquisitions may also require the issuance of material additional amounts of debt or equity, which could materially alter our debt-to-equity ratio, increase our interest expense and decrease earnings per share, and make it difficult for us to obtain favorable financing for other acquisitions or capital investments. in addition, our failure to implement effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures with respect to a significant acquired business could result in material weaknesses and/or a failure to file our periodic reports with the securities and exchange commission on a timely basis.
we rely on technology in our business, and any cybersecurity incident, other technology disruption or delay in implementing new technology could negatively affect our business and our relationships with customers.
we use technology in substantially all aspects of our business operations, and our ability to serve customers most effectively depends on the reliability of our technology systems. we use software and other technology systems, among other things, to generate and select orders, to load and route trucks, to make purchases, to manage our warehouses and to monitor and manage our business on a day-to-day basis. we also use mobile devices, social networking and other online platforms to connect with our employees, suppliers, business partners and customers. further, our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property, including customers' and suppliers' personal information, private information about employees and financial and strategic information about the company and our business partners. this sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property are stored on information technology systems controlled by us, as well as systems controlled by third parties, such as our service providers.
these technology systems and the operation thereof are vulnerable to disruption from circumstances beyond our control, including fire, natural disasters, power outages, systems failures, security breaches, espionage, cyber-attacks, viruses, theft and inadvertent release of information. we and our third-party providers experience cyber-incidents of varying degrees from time-to-time, including ransomware and phishing attacks, as well as distributed denial of service attacks and the theft of data. to date, these have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity; however, there can be no assurance that there will not be a material adverse effect in the future, especially if the amount of insurance coverage we maintain is not sufficient to cover claims or liabilities relating to an incident.
potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity incident include business disruption; disruption to systems; theft, destruction, loss, corruption, misappropriation or unauthorized release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property (including personal information in violation of one or more privacy laws); reputational and brand damage; and potential liability, including litigation or other legal actions against us or the imposition by governmental authorities of penalties, fines, fees or liabilities, which, in turn, could cause us to incur significantly increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs and the loss of customers.
as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic has resulted in many of our employees, contractors and other corporate partners working remotely, we must increasingly rely on information technology systems that are outside our direct control. these systems are potentially vulnerable to cyber-based attacks and security breaches. in addition, cyber criminals are increasing their attacks on individual employees, utilizing interest in pandemic-related information to increase business email compromise scams designed to trick victims into transferring sensitive data or funds, or steal credentials that compromise information systems.
the actions and controls we have implemented and are implementing to date, or which we seek to cause or have caused third-party providers to implement, may be insufficient to protect our systems, information or other intellectual property. further, we anticipate devoting significant additional resources to upgrade our security measures generally, including those we employ to protect personal information against these cybersecurity threats.
further, as we pursue our strategy to grow through acquisitions and to pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure, we are also expanding and improving our information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cybersecurity risk. failure to adequately assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with acquisitions and new initiatives would increase our vulnerability to such risks.
sysco's efforts to prevent security breaches and cybersecurity incidents, and to implement effective disaster recovery plans, may not be entirely effective to insulate us from technology disruption that could result in adverse effects on our results of operations. additionally, information technology systems continue to evolve and, in order to remain competitive, we must implement new technologies in a timely and efficient manner. if our competitors implement new technologies more quickly or successfully than we do, such competitors may be able to provide lower cost or enhanced services of superior quality compared to those we provide, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
in addition, data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and regulations, which sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries where we do business. for example, the eu adopted the gdpr, a new regulation that became effective in may 2018, which requires companies to meet certain requirements regarding the handling of personal data. we are working to comply with gdpr and other laws and regulations in this area that apply to us, such as california's consumer privacy act that became effective january 1, 2020, and we anticipate needing to devote significant additional resources to complying with these laws and regulations. our failure to successfully implement or comply with appropriate processes to adhere to the requirements of gdpr and other laws and regulations in this area could result in substantial fines or penalties and legal liability and could tarnish our reputation.
we need access to borrowed funds to grow, and any default by us under our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity.
a substantial part of our growth historically has been the result of acquisitions and capital expansion. we anticipate additional acquisitions and capital expansion in the future. as a result, our inability to finance acquisitions and capital expenditures through borrowed funds could restrict our ability to expand. moreover, any default under the documents governing our indebtedness could have a significant adverse effect on our cash flows, as well as the market value of our common stock.
our level of indebtedness and the terms of our indebtedness could adversely affect our business and liquidity position.
as described in note 12, "debt and other financing arrangements," in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8, as of july 3, 2021, we had approximately $11.1 billion of total indebtedness. this amount included senior notes and borrowings under our revolving credit facility, which supports our u.s. commercial paper program allowing us to issue short-term notes in an aggregate amount not to exceed $2.0 billion scheduled to expire on june 28, 2024.
certain covenants under our credit facilities place restrictions on some of the actions we may take with respect to our common stock. our revolving credit agreement, as amended in may 2020 and may 2021, includes a covenant that restricts (1) increases to sysco's regular quarterly dividend and (2) repurchases of equity interests of sysco, in each case, until the earlier of september 2022 or the date on which sysco has achieved a certain ratio of consolidated earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) to consolidated interest expense.
our level of indebtedness could have important consequences for us, including:
•limiting our ability to obtain additional financing, if needed, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or other purposes;
•increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments;
•limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and
•placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt.
our indebtedness may further increase from time to time for various reasons, including fluctuations in operating results, working capital needs, capital expenditures, potential acquisitions, joint ventures and/or share repurchase programs. our increased level of indebtedness and the ultimate cost of such indebtedness could have a negative impact on our liquidity, cost of future debt financing and financial results, and our credit ratings may be adversely affected as a result of the incurrence of additional indebtedness. in the future, our cash flow and capital resources may not be sufficient for payments of interest on and principal of our debt, and any alternative financing measures available may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations.
changes in the method of determining london interbank offered rate (libor), or the replacement of libor with an alternative reference rate, may adversely affect interest expense related to outstanding debt.
amounts drawn under our revolving credit facility may bear interest rates in relation to libor, depending on our selection of repayment options. in addition, certain of our outstanding interest rate swap agreements have a floating interest rate in relation to three-month libor. on july 27, 2017, the financial conduct authority in the u.k. announced that it would phase out libor as a benchmark by the end of 2021. it is unclear whether new methods of calculating libor will be established such that it continues to exist after 2021. however, for u.s. dollar libor, the relevant date was deferred to june 30, 2023 for certain tenors (including overnight and one, three, six and 12 months), at which time the libor administrator will cease publication of u.s. dollar libor. despite this deferral, the libor administrator has advised that no new contracts using u.s. dollar libor should be entered into after december 31, 2021. these actions indicate that the continuation of u.s. libor on the current basis cannot be guaranteed after june 30, 2023. moreover, it is possible that u.s. libor will be discontinued or modified prior to june 30, 2023. the u.s. federal reserve, in conjunction with the alternative reference rates committee, a steering committee consisting of large u.s. financial institutions, is considering replacing u.s. dollar libor with the secured overnight financing rate (sofr), a new index calculated with a broad set of short-term repurchase agreements backed by treasury securities. if libor ceases to exist, we may need to renegotiate the credit facility and any interest rate swap agreements expiring after 2021 and may not be able to do so with terms that are favorable to us. an alternative reference rate could be higher or more volatile than libor prior to its discontinuance, which could result in an increase in the cost of our indebtedness, impacting our financial condition and results of operations. the overall financing market may be disrupted as a result of the phase-out or replacement of libor. disruption in the financial market or the inability to renegotiate the credit facility or our interest rate swap agreements with favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and operating results. we are evaluating the potential impact of the eventual replacement of the libor benchmark interest rate; however, we are not able to predict whether libor will cease to be available after 2021, whether sofr will become a widely accepted benchmark in place of libor, or what the impact of such a possible transition to sofr may be on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may be required to pay material amounts under multiemployer defined benefit pension plans.
we contribute to several multiemployer defined benefit pension plans based on obligations arising under collective bargaining agreements covering union-represented employees. approximately 12% of our current u.s. employees are participants in such multiemployer plans. in fiscal 2021, our total contributions to these plans were approximately $42.9 million. the costs of providing benefits through such plans have increased in recent years. the amount of any increase or decrease in our required contributions to these multiemployer plans will depend upon many factors, including the outcome of collective bargaining, actions taken by trustees who manage the plans, government regulations, changes in the funded status of these plans and the potential payment of a withdrawal liability if we, for any reason, cease to have an ongoing obligation to contribute to a given plan. based upon the information available to us from the administrators of these plans, none of these plans have assets sufficient to fully pay their liabilities, and therefore all such plans have unfunded vested benefits. increases in the unfunded liabilities of these plans may result in increased future contribution obligations imposed on us and on other participating employers. under federal law, significant underfunding experienced by a given plan generally results in increased contribution obligations in the form of surcharges and supplemental contribution obligations. our risk of such increased payments may be greater if any of the participating employers in these underfunded plans withdraws from a given plan due to insolvency and is not able to contribute an amount sufficient to fund the unfunded liabilities associated with its participants in the plan. we could also be treated as partially withdrawing from participation in one of these plans if the number of our employees participating in a given plan is reduced to a certain percentage over a certain period of time, or if we cease to have an obligation to contribute under one or more, but fewer than all, of the collective bargaining agreements that require us to make contributions to a particular plan. such reductions in the number of employees participating in these plans could occur as a result of changes in our business operations, such as facility closures or consolidations. based on the latest information available from plan administrators, we estimate our share of the aggregate withdrawal liability on the multiemployer plans in which we participate could have been as much as $170.2 million as of august 9, 2021. a significant increase to funding requirements could adversely affect the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
our funding requirements for our company-sponsored qualified pension plan may increase should financial markets experience future declines.
at the end of fiscal 2012, we decided to freeze future benefit accruals under the company-sponsored qualified pension plan (u.s. retirement plan) as of december 31, 2012 for all u.s.-based salaried and non-union hourly employees. effective january 1, 2013, these employees were eligible for additional contributions under an enhanced, defined contribution plan. while these actions will serve to limit future growth in our pension liabilities, we had a sizable pension obligation of $4.5 billion, as compared to assets totaling $4.7 billion, as of july 3, 2021, both of which have sensitivity to financial market factors that could impact our funding requirements. see note 14, "company-sponsored employee benefit plans" in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a discussion of the funded status of the u.s. retirement plan.
the amount of our annual contribution to the u.s. retirement plan is dependent upon, among other things, the returns on the u.s. retirement plan's assets and discount rates used to calculate the plan's liability. in fiscal 2018, we made voluntary contributions of $380 million to the u.s. retirement plan, allowing us to set an investment strategy that more closely aligns the duration of the u.s. retirement plan's assets with the duration of its liabilities. as a result, our u.s. retirement plan holds a greater amount of investments in fixed income securities, but also holds equity securities. fluctuations in asset values can cause the amount of our anticipated future contributions to the plan to increase. the projected liability of the u.s. retirement plan will be impacted by the fluctuations of interest rates on high quality bonds in the public markets as these are inputs in determining our minimum funding requirements. specifically, decreases in these interest rates have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our funding obligations. to the extent financial markets experience significant future declines, and/or interest rates on high quality bonds in the public markets decline, our required contributions may increase for future years as our funded status decreases, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
failure to successfully renegotiate union contracts could result in work stoppages.
as of july 3, 2021, we had approximately 58,000 employees, approximately 19% of whom were represented by unions, primarily the international brotherhood of teamsters and unions in france and sweden. contract negotiations are handled by each individual operating site. approximately 1.2% of our union employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements that are subject to renegotiation in fiscal 2022. failure of our operating sites to effectively renegotiate these contracts could result in work stoppages. although our operating sites have not experienced any significant labor disputes or work stoppages to date, and we believe they have satisfactory relationships with their unions, a work stoppage due to failure of multiple operating subsidiaries to renegotiate union contracts could have a material adverse effect on us.
organization and common stock risks our authorized preferred stock provides anti-takeover benefits that may not be viewed as beneficial to stockholders.
under our restated certificate of incorporation, sysco's board of directors is authorized to issue up to 1,500,000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval. issuance of these shares could make it more difficult for anyone to acquire sysco without approval of the board of directors, depending on the rights and preferences of the stock issued. in addition, if anyone attempts to acquire sysco without approval of the board of directors of sysco, the existence of this undesignated preferred stock could allow the board of directors to adopt a shareholder rights plan without obtaining stockholder approval, which could result in substantial dilution to a potential acquirer. as a result, hostile takeover attempts that might result in an acquisition of sysco, which could otherwise have been financially beneficial to our stockholders, could be deterred.
our amended and restated bylaws provide that the court of chancery of the state of delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.
our amended and restated bylaws provide that the court of chancery of the state of delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the delaware general corporation law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. this provision may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. alternatively, if a court were to find this provision in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of sysco's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for the fiscal years ended july 3, 2021 and june 27, 2020 should be read as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes contained in item 8 of this report, and in conjunction with the "forward-looking statements" section set forth in part ii and the "risk factors" section set forth in item 1a of part i. all discussion of changes in our results of operations from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2020 has been omitted from this form 10-k, but may be found in item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our form 10-k for the year ended june 27, 2020, filed with the securities and exchange commission on august 25, 2020.
overview sysco distributes food and related products to restaurants, healthcare and educational facilities, lodging establishments and other foodservice customers. our primary operations are located in north america and europe. under the accounting provisions related to disclosures about segments of an enterprise, we have aggregated certain operating segments into three reportable segments. "other" financial information is attributable to our other operating segments that do not meet the quantitative disclosure thresholds.
•u.s. foodservice operations - primarily includes u.s. broadline operations, which distribute a full line of food products, including custom-cut meat, seafood, specialty produce, specialty imports and a wide variety of non-food products;
•international foodservice operations - includes operations in the americas (primarily outside of the united states (u.s.)) and europe, which distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products. the americas primarily consists of operations in canada, bahamas, mexico, costa rica and panama, as well as our operations that distribute to international customers. our european operations primarily consist of operations in the united kingdom (u.k.), france, ireland and sweden;
•sygma - our u.s. customized distribution operations serving quick-service chain restaurant customer locations; and
•other - primarily our hotel supply operations, guest worldwide. sysco sold its interests in cake corporation in the first quarter of fiscal 2021.
we estimate that we serve about 17% of an approximately $230 billion annual foodservice market in the u.s. based on industry data obtained from technomic, inc as of the end of calendar 2020. technomic projects the market size to increase to approximately $285 billion by the end of calendar 2021. from time to time, technomic may revise the methodology used to calculate the size of the foodservice market and, as a result, our percentage can change not only from our sales results, but also from such revisions. we also serve certain international geographies that vary in size and amount of market share.
according to industry sources, the foodservice, or food-away-from-home, market represents approximately 45% of the total dollars spent on food purchases made at the consumer level in the u.s. as of the end of calendar year 2020.
covid-19 response we have closely monitored developments in the covid-19 pandemic as the situation has evolved, and we are continuously revising our approach to create new processes and guidelines to keep associates and customers safe, with careful consideration to remaining aligned with guidance from relevant health authorities.
•supporting employees - we defined and implemented procedures to protect the health and safety of our employees while also ensuring business continuity and our ability to service our customers. per our protocols, all employees at our offices or warehouses take part in daily temperature checks upon entry. our policies for wearing face coverings at all sysco and customer locations are aligned with the guidance provided by the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc), unless local or state regulations differ.
•serving customers - we have procedures available to limit the contact between our drivers and customers' employees, including alternative delivery methods, not collecting signatures for customer invoices, and guidelines for safely accepting customer returns. these contact-less procedures are available to all customers by request.
•assisting our communities - we have donated over 27 million meals in fiscal 2021 across our global operations as part of our community response strategy to the pandemic. these donations were valued at over $55 million. additionally, we continue to support community organizations in their efforts to address hunger and food insecurity by providing direct delivery to food banks and other hunger relief organizations by loaning refrigerated trucks and facility storage space to increase capacity for local food distribution and by providing volunteer and staffing support for mobile distribution efforts.
highlights our fiscal 2021 results were strong due to improved sales and disciplined expense management. our business recovery is stronger than anticipated in the u.s., and the recovery is beginning to present itself in our international markets. our increased profitability drove an improved cash flow performance and allowed us to pay down a large amount of debt. we are also making meaningful progress in advancing our recipe for growth strategy, which we expect will allow us to better serve our customers and differentiate sysco from our competition. see below for a comparison of our fiscal 2021 results to our fiscal 2020 results, both including and excluding certain items (as defined below).
below is a comparison of results from fiscal 2021 to fiscal 2020:
•sales:
◦decreased 3.0%, or $1.6 billion, to $51.3 billion;
•operating income:
◦increased 91.8%, or $687.7 million, to $1.4 billion;
◦adjusted operating income decreased 14.7%, or $251.8 million, to $1.5 billion;
•net earnings:
◦increased 143.3%, or $308.7 million, to $524.2 million;
◦adjusted net earnings decreased 28.3%, or $291.6 million, to $740.4 million;
•basic earnings per share:
◦increased 145.2%, or $0.61, to $1.03 from the comparable prior year amount of $0.42 per share;
•diluted earnings per share:
◦increased 142.9%, or $0.60, to $1.02 from the comparable prior year amount of $0.42 per share;
◦adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.44 in fiscal 2021, a $0.57 decrease from the comparable prior year amount of $2.01 per share.
•ebitda:
◦increased 46.1%, or $695.4 million, to $2.2 billion; and
◦adjusted ebitda decreased 9.1%, or $216.2 million, to $2.2 billion.
our discussion of our results includes certain non-gaap financial measures, including ebitda and adjusted ebitda, that we believe provide important perspective with respect to underlying business trends. other than free cash flow, any non-gaap financial measures will be denoted as adjusted measures to remove the impact of restructuring and transformational project costs consisting of: (1) restructuring charges, (2) expenses associated with our various transformation initiatives and (3) facility closure and severance charges; and by acquisition-related costs consisting of: (1) intangible amortization expense related to the fiscal 2017 acquisition of cucina lux investments limited (the brakes acquisition) and (2) due diligence and integration costs incurred in fiscal 2021 associated with the acquisition of greco and sons, which closed in august 2021. our results for fiscal 2021 were also impacted by the reduction of bad debt expense previously recognized in fiscal 2020 due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the collectability of our pre-pandemic trade receivable balances, as well as non-operating gains and losses including (1) losses on the extinguishment of debt, (2) losses on the sale of businesses and (3) gains on the sale of property.
fiscal 2020 results of operations were also negatively impacted by costs arising from the covid-19 pandemic and are also adjusted to remove the impact of (1) excess bad debt expense, as we experienced an increase in past due receivables and recognized additional bad debt charges, (2) goodwill and intangibles impairment charges and (3) fixed asset impairment charges. while sysco traditionally incurs bad debt expense, the magnitude of such expenses and benefits that we have experienced since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic is not indicative of our normal operations. our adjusted results have not been normalized in a manner that would exclude the full impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business. as such, sysco has not adjusted its results for lost sales, inventory write-offs or other costs associated with the covid-19 pandemic not previously stated.
the fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 items discussed above are collectively referred to as "certain items." the results of our foreign operations can be impacted by changes in exchange rates applicable to converting from local currencies to u.s. dollars. we measure our total sysco and our international foodservice operations results on a constant currency basis. our discussion below of our results includes certain non-gaap financial measures that we believe provide important perspective with respect to underlying business trends. other than free cash flow, any non-gaap financial measures will be denoted as adjusted measures and exclude the impact from certain items, and certain metrics are stated on a constant currency basis.
management believes that adjusting its operating expenses, operating income, interest expense, other (income) expense, net, net earnings and diluted earnings per share to remove these certain items, provides an important perspective with respect to our underlying business trends and results and provides meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors that (1) is indicative of the performance of the company's underlying operations, (2) facilitates comparisons on a year-over-year basis and (3) removes those items that are difficult to predict and are often unanticipated and that, as a result, are difficult to include in analysts' financial models and our investors' expectations with any degree of specificity.
sysco's fiscal year ends on the saturday nearest to june 30th. this resulted in a 53-week year ended july 3, 2021 for fiscal 2021, a 52-week year ended june 27, 2020 for fiscal 2020 and a 52-week year ended june 29, 2019 for fiscal 2019. we will have a 52-week year ending july 2, 2022 for fiscal 2022. because fiscal 2021 contained an additional week as compared to fiscal 2020, our consolidated results of operations for fiscal 2021 are not directly comparable to the prior year. management believes that adjusting the fiscal 2021 consolidated results of operations for the estimated impact of the additional week provides more comparable financial results on a year-over-year basis. this is calculated by taking one-fourteenth of the total metric for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021.
the company uses these non-gaap measures when evaluating its financial results, as well as for internal planning and forecasting purposes. these financial measures should not be used as a substitute for gaap measures in assessing the company's results of operations for periods presented. an analysis of any non-gaap financial measure should be used in conjunction with results presented in accordance with gaap. any metric within this section referred to as "adjusted" will reflect the applicable impact of certain items. more information on the rationale for the use of these measures and reconciliations to gaap numbers can be found under "non-gaap reconciliations."
key performance indicators sysco seeks to meet its strategic goals by continually measuring its success in its key performance metrics that drive stakeholder value through sales growth and capital allocation and deployment. the covid-19 pandemic has significantly impacted the financial metrics used by management to evaluate the business, and certain metrics continue to be a near- and long-term focus, while other metrics do not provide meaningful comparable information in the near-term. we believe the following are our most significant performance metrics in our current business environment:
•adjusted operating income growth (non-gaap);
•adjusted diluted earnings per share growth (non-gaap);
•adjusted ebitda (non-gaap);
•case volume growth by customer type for u.s. broadline operations;
•sysco brand penetration for u.s. broadline operations; and
•free cash flow (non-gaap).
we use these financial metrics and related computations, as well as sales and gross profit growth, to evaluate our business and to plan for near-and long-term operating and strategic decisions. we believe it is useful to provide investors with the same financial information that we use internally to make comparisons of our historical operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results and evaluate our business.
key financial definitions
•sales - sales is equal to gross sales, minus (1) sales returns and (2) sales incentives that we offer to certain customers, such as upfront monies and discounts. our sales are driven by changes in case volumes, product inflation that is reflected in the pricing of our products and mix of products sold.
•gross profit - gross profit is equal to our net sales minus our cost of goods sold. cost of goods sold primarily includes inventory costs (net of supplier consideration) and inbound freight. cost of goods sold generally changes as we incur higher or lower costs from our suppliers and as our customer and product mix changes.
adjusted operating income and adjusted diluted earnings per share growth adjusted operating income represents our consolidated operating income, adjusted for the impact of certain items that we do not consider representative of our underlying performance. adjusted diluted earnings per share represents our consolidated diluted earnings per share, adjusted for the impact of certain items that we do not consider representative of our underlying performance. sysco's management considers growth in these metrics to be useful measures of operating efficiency and profitability, as they facilitate comparison of performance on a consistent basis from period to period by providing a measurement of recurring factors and trends affecting our business.
adjusted ebitda ebitda represents net earnings (loss) plus (1) interest expense, (2) income tax expense and benefit, (3) depreciation and (4) amortization. the net earnings (loss) component of our ebitda calculation is impacted by certain items that we do not consider representative of our underlying performance. as a result, in the non-gaap reconciliations below for each period presented, adjusted ebitda is computed as ebitda plus the impact of certain items, excluding certain items related to interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. sysco's management considers growth in this metric to be a measure of overall financial performance that provides useful information to management and investors about the profitability of the business, as it facilitates comparison of performance on a consistent basis from period to period by providing a measurement of recurring factors and trends affecting our business. additionally, it is a commonly used component metric used to inform on capital structure decisions.
case volume growth by customer type for u.s. broadline operations case volume represents the volume of product sold to customers during a period of time, and improvements in this metric are a primary driver of sysco's top line performance. we define a case, specifically for our u.s. broadline operations, as the lowest level of packaged products that are sold from our warehouses, with one case potentially containing several pieces of a product packaged in bulk. case size does not generally vary by location or from period to period, due to the design of our warehouses. case volume growth is calculated by dividing the change in the volume of cases sold year-over-year by the volume of cases sold in the prior year. sysco management considers case volume growth within its u.s. broadline operations to be a measure that provides useful information to management and investors in evaluating sales performance and as an indicator of gross margin performance. management monitors case volume growth by customer type, with bifurcation between local customers and national customers, as this provides a measure of gross profit performance due to the pricing strategies attached to each customer type. local customers are primarily street customers, such as independent restaurants that do not have long-term contracts, or locally managed customers, such as local chain restaurants, while national customers are the multi-unit customers requiring national coverage from a customer-centric view and are managed centrally from the corporate office. sysco management seeks to drive higher case volume growth to local customers, which allows more favorable pricing terms for our u.s. broadline operations and generates higher gross margins as a result. national customers benefit from purchasing power, as they are able to negotiate pricing agreements across multiple businesses, reducing our gross profit potential, but reducing our overall cost per case, as national customers have bigger drop sizes. while overall case volume growth reflects a key component of sales growth, local customer case growth provides additional context around gross profit performance.
sysco brand penetration for u.s. broadline operations sysco management considers sysco brand penetration to be a measure that provides useful information to management and investors in evaluating the gross profit performance of the company's u.s. broadline operations. sysco offers an assortment of sysco-branded products that can be differentiated from privately branded products, which enables us to achieve higher gross margin by administering and leveraging a consolidated product procurement program for quality food and non-food products. due to cost efficiencies, sysco-branded products generate a higher gross margin than sales from other privately branded products. we define sysco brand penetration as the percentage of sysco-branded case volume sold to u.s. broadline customers over all cases sold to u.s. broadline customers. this performance indicator, also measured at the customer type level, including local and national customers, is driven by growth in the distribution of branded products to more customers and more geographies, as well as increasing branded offerings through innovation and the launch of new products.
free cash flow free cash flow represents net cash provided from operating activities, less purchases of plant and equipment, plus proceeds from sales of plant and equipment. sysco management considers free cash flow to be a non-gaap liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by the business after the purchases and sales of buildings, fleet, equipment and technology, which may potentially be used to pay for, among other things, strategic uses of cash, including dividend payments, share repurchases and acquisitions. however, free cash flow may not be available for discretionary expenditures, as it may be necessary that we use it to make mandatory debt service or other payments. free cash flow should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, consolidated net income as a measure of our performance and net cash provided by operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. see "liquidity and capital resources" for discussions of gaap metrics, including net cash provided by operating activities and our reconciliation of this non-gaap financial measure.
trends economic and industry trends in response to the covid-19 pandemic, national and local governments have imposed substantial restrictions upon the customers we serve in the food-away-from-home sector; however, we saw demand in the restaurant industry increase throughout the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 as restrictions continued to ease. the u.s. foodservice industry is now within 5% of calendar year 2019 levels, as foot traffic has increased since march 2021 and continues to increase more than foot traffic in grocery stores. consumer spending power is robust, signaling that the food-away-from-home sector is not permanently impaired, but rather is vibrant and healthy. our performance in the non-restaurant sectors of our business trailed the success of restaurants in fiscal 2021; however, we are beginning to see improvements in the travel, hospitality and food service management sectors of our business as restrictions ease and as leisure travel has returned this summer. we expect these non-restaurant business sectors to improve further as travel restrictions continue to ease and businesses return to the office setting. our international foodservice operations segment improved sequentially throughout the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, as most international regions have begun meaningfully easing the restrictions affecting our customers. sysco is best positioned to support the rapidly increasing demand due to our balance sheet, our large physical footprint, and our substantial human capital investment in salespeople and supply chain resources. the spread of the covid-19 variants is creating uncertainty in our industry's business environment; however, the future impact to our customers and to sysco's results is not yet known.
the return of robust customer demand has created pressure on us and our industry for available product supply in select categories. our supplier partners are struggling with meeting the demand of sysco's orders, and certain product categories remain in short supply. we believe that sysco is performing better than the industry at large in delivering what we refer to as customer fill rate, but we are performing below our historical performance standards. our merchant teams are working closely with current suppliers and actively sourcing incremental supply from new suppliers, and we are working with our sales teams to offer product substitutions to our customers. in the current operating environment, we are experiencing a tight labor market, particularly with our warehouse and driver positions, which is more concentrated in certain geographic areas. this is resulting in cost pressures, as we adopt mostly temporary wage actions, such as hiring bonuses, referral bonuses, and even retention bonus programs. we are working aggressively to fill open positions and improve productivity to offset cost increases.
sales and gross profit trends our sales and gross profit performance can be influenced by multiple factors, including price, volume, customer mix, product mix and the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. the biggest factor affecting performance in fiscal 2021 was the covid-19 pandemic due to reduced volume. the restaurant sector of our business, however, had nearly achieved full recovery as of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, as local sales volumes have exceeded fiscal 2019 volume levels. we are experiencing especially strong results from independent customers. sysco has increased market share in this rapidly expanding market. sales growth has continued into the first quarter of fiscal 2022, with july results indicating a further acceleration of this increase. we expect our fiscal 2022 sales will exceed fiscal 2019 sales by mid-single digits, with all segments of our business expected to exceed fiscal 2019 sales, except for our lodging supply business and food service management component of our us foodservice operations. during fiscal 2022, we expect to achieve growth at a rate of 1.2 times the industry. that rate of growth is expected to accelerate across the three years of our long range plan, and we intend to deliver 1.5 times the market growth in fiscal 2024.
in terms of customer mix, during fiscal 2021, we grew our local customer count by approximately 10%, as compared to fiscal 2019, which is a pace 2.5 times greater than the broadline industry. we believe these efforts demonstrate our ability to accelerate future growth. we continue to win business at the national and contract sales level. we have added commitments to over $2.0 billion of net new national account business on an annualized basis since the beginning of the pandemic, with the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 representing another strong quarter of new contracts signed. the momentum shown in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 has accelerated into the first quarter of fiscal 2022 and, over the course of fiscal 2022, we expect to see an improving market, as additional sectors, including international markets, specialty foods, schools and colleges, and business office cafeterias, begin to reopen.
our gross margin decreased 48 points in fiscal 2021, compared to the prior year period, as we managed profitability in an inflationary environment. the primary reason for the gross margin dilution at the enterprise level was business mix; however, our higher margin u.s. foodservice operations segment business is currently growing alongside improvements in higher-margin business in our international foodservice operations segment, reducing the business mix impact on gross margin from the lower-margin sygma segment. manufacturers passed inflation to us, and we have passed it on to customers across categories and customer types. in terms of the impact on pricing, we experienced inflation at a rate of 9.6% combined for the u.s. and canada during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, primarily in the paper and disposables, poultry and meat categories. the rate accelerated towards the end of the quarter and continued into the first quarter of fiscal 2022. the majority of our customer contracts have provisions to pass through inflation, and we are working closely and carefully with customers not managed through a contract. we are educating restaurant operators that consumers currently appear willing to accept menu price increases. the increased inflation is expected to benefit sales, while slightly negatively impacting gross margin rates and positively impacting gross profit dollars. for fiscal 2022, we expect gross margins to improve over fiscal 2021 and approach our fiscal 2019 levels.
operating expense trends total operating expenses decreased 13.5% during fiscal 2021, as compared to fiscal 2020. the largest contributors to the decrease were the reduction of variable costs early in the year, as sales declined due to covid-19, achievement of cost-out initiatives across fiscal 2021 (see "cost-out measures" below), and the benefit from a reduction in our allowance for doubtful accounts resulting from improved collections. many of sysco's customers were operating at a substantially reduced volume due to governmental requirements for closures or other social-distancing measures, and a portion of sysco's customers closed. some of these customers ceased paying their outstanding receivables, creating uncertainty as to their collectability. we established reserves for bad debts in fiscal 2020 for these receivables; however, collections have improved in fiscal 2021. in fiscal 2021, we recorded a net credit to the provision for losses on receivables totaling $152.7 million, which reflects a benefit on the reduction of our allowance for pre-pandemic receivable balances, as we have made excellent progress on obtaining timely payments from our customers. we continue to work with our customers to collect past due balances, including through the use of payment plans. we have also discontinued charging interest on past due balances. as of july 3, 2021, our pre-pandemic receivable balance outstanding is no longer significant and a majority of the amount outstanding is reserved within our allowance for doubtful accounts. the covid-19 pandemic is more widespread and longer in duration than historical disasters that have impacted our business, and it is possible that actual uncollectible amounts will differ and additional charges may be required; however, if collections continue to improve, it is also possible that additional reductions in our bad debt reserve could occur.
cost-out measures the covid-19 crisis has compelled us to take action to reduce costs by reducing variable expenses in response to reduced customer demand, aligning inventory to current sales trends, reducing capital expenditures to only critical projects and targeted investments and tightly managing receivables. these actions produced savings in fiscal 2021, and we have surpassed our fiscal 2021 goal of $350 million of cost savings. the majority of these savings came from selling, general and administrative costs, but some savings came from cost of goods sold as we continue to improve our capabilities to better optimize supplier relationships. from our selling, general and administrative costs, we have reduced pay-related expenses through headcount reductions across the organization, most of which occurred in fiscal 2020. with the improvement in sales volume due to the business recovery; however, we have hired over 6,000 additional associates in the second half of fiscal 2021. we continue to have hiring needs, as the business recovery is happening faster than anticipated. other examples of the cost saving efforts are the regionalization of our broadline and specialty produce operations and the achievements we have made in reducing healthcare contract costs, indirect sourcing and freight contract costs. we expect to drive continued cost savings opportunities to help fuel our future growth agenda, and we are now targeting over $750 million in savings through fiscal 2024, including the savings delivered in fiscal 2021. these savings are structural and permanent, and are expected to substantially benefit the company so that we can grow our profit and create growth for the future. we expect to invest most of the fiscal 2022 savings into both the recovery occurring within our industry, including the temporary wage actions noted in "economic and industry trends" above, as well as our recipe for growth transformational initiatives.
income tax trends our provision for income taxes primarily reflects a combination of income earned and taxed in the various u.s. federal and state, as well as foreign, jurisdictions. tax law changes, increases or decreases in book versus tax basis differences, accruals or adjustments of accruals for unrecognized tax benefits or valuation allowances, and our change in the mix of earnings from these taxing jurisdictions all affect the overall effective tax rate. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic may change our mix of earnings by jurisdiction and has increased the risk that operating losses may occur within certain of our jurisdictions that could lead to the recognition of valuation allowances against certain deferred tax assets in the future, if these losses are prolonged beyond our current expectations. these effects would negatively impact our income tax expense, net earnings, and balance sheet.
our effective tax rate has been influenced by discrete events, such as tax law changes and excess tax benefits attributable to equity compensation exercises as discussed in note 19, "income taxes," in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8. in fiscal 2022, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 24%.
mergers and acquisitions we continue to focus on mergers and acquisitions as a part of our growth strategy. in august 2021, we acquired, within our u.s. foodservice operations, greco and sons, a leading independent italian specialty distributor in the u.s. with approximately $800 million in annual revenue.
divestitures sysco sold its interests in davigel spain, part of the international foodservice operations segment, in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 and sold its interest in cake corporation in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. these operations were not significant to sysco's business, and these divestitures will facilitate our efforts to prioritize our focus and investments on our core business.
strategy our purpose is "connecting the world to share food and care for one another," which we believe will allow us to grow substantially faster than the foodservice distribution industry and deliver profitable growth through our "recipe for growth" transformation. this growth transformation is supported by strategic pillars that we believe will allow us to better serve our customers, including:
•digital - we will enrich the customer experience through personalized digital tools that reduce friction in the purchase experience and introduce innovation to our customers. we continue to see excellent utilization of our sysco shop platform by customers, and the implementation of our pricing software is on track to be complete by the end of this calendar year. we also have a new personalization engine that is currently under construction and has proved to be beneficial to our pilot customers.
•products and solutions - we will provide customer-focused marketing and merchandising solutions that inspire increased sales of our broad assortment of fair priced products and services. we are improving our merchandising and marketing solutions by developing improved strategies for specific cuisine segments.
•supply chain - we will efficiently and consistently serve customers with the products they need, when and how they need them, through a flexible, agile delivery framework. we are developing a more nimble, accessible and productive supply chain that is better positioned to support customers in their business recovery, we and have eliminated order minimums for our customers. our strategic initiatives to increase delivery frequency and enable omnichannel inventory fulfillment remain on track.
•customer teams - our greatest strength is our people, people who are passionate about food and food service. our diverse team delivers expertise and differentiated services designed to help our customers grow their business. we intend to improve the effectiveness of our sales organization by leveraging data to increase the yield of the sales process.
•future horizons - we are committed to responsible growth. we will cultivate new channels, new segments, and new capabilities while being stewards of our company and our planet. we will fund our journey through cost-out and efficiency improvements.
results of operations the following table sets forth the components of our consolidated results of operations expressed as a percentage of sales for the periods indicated:
2021                                                               2020
sales                                 100.0   %               100.0   %
cost of sales                          81.8                    81.3
gross profit                           18.2                    18.7
operating expenses                     15.4                    17.3
operating income                        2.8                     1.4
interest expense                        1.7                     0.8
other (income) expense, net               -                     0.1
earnings before income taxes            1.1                     0.5
income taxes                            0.1                     0.1
net earnings                            1.0   %                 0.4   %
the following table sets forth the change in the components of our consolidated results of operations expressed as a percentage increase or decrease over the comparable period in the prior year:
2021
sales                                      (3.0)   %
cost of sales                              (2.4)
gross profit                               (5.5)
operating expenses                        (13.5)
operating income                            91.8
interest expense                           115.6
other (income) expense, net (1)          (157.7)
earnings before income taxes                99.3
income taxes                              (22.3)
net earnings                               143.3   %
basic earnings per share                   145.2   %
diluted earnings per share                 142.9
average shares outstanding                   0.1
diluted shares outstanding                 (0.1)
(1)other (income) expense, net was income of $27.6 million in fiscal 2021 and expense of $47.9 million in fiscal 2020.
segment results the following represents our results by reportable segments:
53-week period ended jul. 3, 2021
u.s. foodservice operations                     international foodservice operations                           sygma                         other               corporate                                 consolidated totals
(in thousands)
sales                                                        $35,724,843                                            $8,350,638                                 $6,498,601                      $723,761                   $-                                  $51,297,843
sales increase (decrease)                                          (2.9)           %                                    (13.7)              %                        17.0   %                    (18.8)   %                                                         (3.0)      %
percentage of total                                                 69.6           %                                      16.3              %                        12.7   %                       1.4   %                                                         100.0      %
operating income (loss)                                       $2,456,564                                            $(232,403)                                    $52,654                        $(396)                   $(839,177)                           $1,437,242
operating income (loss) increase (decrease)                         22.6           %                                    (37.4)              %                        42.8   %                    (98.1)   %                                                          91.8      %
percentage of total segments                                       107.9           %                                    (10.2)              %                         2.3   %                         -   %                                                         100.0      %
operating income as a percentage of sales                            6.9           %                                     (2.8)              %                         0.8   %                     (0.1)   %                                                           2.8      %
52-week period ended jun. 27, 2020
u.s. foodservice operations                     international foodservice operations                           sygma                         other               corporate                                 consolidated totals
(in thousands)
sales                                                     $36,774,146                                            $9,672,190                                 $5,555,926                      $891,048                   $-                                  $52,893,310
percentage of total                                              69.5           %                                      18.3              %                        10.5   %                       1.7   %                                                         100.0      %
operating income                                           $2,003,159                                            $(371,407)                                    $36,880                     $(21,361)                   $(897,766)                             $749,505
percentage of total segments                                    121.6           %                                    (22.5)              %                         2.2   %                     (1.3)   %                                                         100.0      %
operating income as a percentage of sales                         5.4           %                                     (3.8)              %                         0.7   %                     (2.4)   %                                                           1.4      %
based on information in note 21, "business segment information," in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8, in fiscal 2021, u.s. foodservice operations and international foodservice operations represented approximately 69.6% and 16.3%, respectively, of sysco's overall sales, compared to 69.5% and 18.3%, respectively, in fiscal 2020. in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, u.s. foodservice operations represented approximately 107.9% and 121.6%, respectively, of the total segment operating income. this illustrates that these segments represent a substantial majority of our total segment results when compared to other reportable segments.
cost of sales primarily includes our product costs, net of vendor consideration, and includes in-bound freight. operating expenses include the costs of facilities, product handling, delivery, selling and general and administrative activities. fuel surcharges are reflected within sales and gross profit; fuel costs are reflected within operating expenses. along with sales, operating income is the most relevant measure for evaluating segment performance and allocating resources, as operating income includes cost of goods sold, as well as the costs to warehouse and deliver goods, which are significant and relevant costs when evaluating a distribution business.
results of u.s. foodservice operations in fiscal 2021, the u.s. foodservice operations operating results represented approximately 69.6% of sysco's overall sales and 107.9% of the aggregated operating income of sysco's reporting segments. several factors contributed to these higher operating results as compared to the other operating segments. we have invested substantial amounts in assets, operating methods, technology and management expertise in this segment. the breadth of its sales force, geographic reach of its distribution area and its purchasing power enable this segment to generate its relatively stronger results of operations.
the following tables set forth a summary of the components of operating income and adjusted operating income expressed as a percentage increase or decrease over the prior year:
2021                                                                  2020                                       change in dollars                  % change
(in thousands)
sales                                                $35,724,843                 $36,774,146                  $(1,049,303)                        (2.9)    %
gross profit                                           7,008,687                   7,254,722                     (246,035)                        (3.4)
operating expenses                                     4,552,123                   5,251,563                     (699,440)                       (13.3)
operating income                                      $2,456,564                  $2,003,159                      $453,405                         22.6    %
gross profit                                          $7,008,687                  $7,254,722                    $(246,035)                        (3.4)    %
adjusted operating expenses (non-gaap) (1)             4,691,103                   5,010,764                     (319,661)                        (6.4)
adjusted operating income (non-gaap) (1)              $2,317,584                  $2,243,958                       $73,626                          3.3    %
(1) see "non-gaap reconciliations" below.
sales the following table sets forth the percentage and dollar value increase or decrease in sales over the prior year in order to demonstrate the cause and magnitude of change.
increase (decrease)
2021
(in millions)
cause of change                       percentage                             dollars case volume                          (8.6)     %                     $(3,144.5)
inflation (1)                          4.1                              1,522.8
acquisitions                           0.1                                 50.5
extra week in fiscal 2021              2.2                                822.8
other (2)                            (0.7)                              (300.9)
total change in sales                (2.9)     %                     $(1,049.3)
(1)    includes product cost inflation of 4.3% for u.s. broadline operations.
(2)    case volume excludes the volume impact from our custom-cut meat and seafood subsidiaries that do not measure volume in cases. any impact in volumes from these operations are included within "other."
sales were 2.9% lower in fiscal 2021 than in fiscal 2020. the primary driver of the decrease was the significant decline in case volume in our u.s. broadline operations as a result of some of our customers closing and many other customers operating at a substantially reduced volume through portions of the fiscal year in response to the covid-19 pandemic. we estimate that the extra week in fiscal 2021 accounted for $822.8 million of sales during the fiscal year. our sales have progressively improved throughout fiscal 2021 due to volume improvements commensurate with an easing of restrictions on our customers. case volumes for the company's u.s. broadline operations, including acquisitions within the last 12 months, decreased 5.8% in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 and included a 1.1% decline in locally managed customer case growth, along with a decrease of 11.5% in national customer case volume, including chain restaurants and multi-locational restaurants. sales from acquisitions within the last 12 months favorably impacted locally managed customer sales by 0.1%; therefore, organic local case volume, which excludes acquisitions, decreased 1.2%.
operating income operating income increased by 22.6% in fiscal 2021 over fiscal 2020, as our decline in gross profits was outpaced by the reduction of operating expenses. operating income, on an adjusted basis (which is a non-gaap financial measure for which a reconciliation is provided in "non-gaap reconciliations" below), for fiscal 2021 increased 3.3%, or $73.6 million, compared to fiscal 2020. we estimate that the extra week in fiscal 2021 accounted for $58.4 million of adjusted operating income during the fiscal year.
gross profit dollars decreased 3.4% in fiscal 2021, as compared to fiscal 2020, driven primarily by the decline in local cases and a decline in sysco-branded products. the decrease was partially offset by higher inflation. we estimate that the extra week in fiscal 2021 accounted for $158.2 million of gross profit during the fiscal year. our sysco brand sales as a percentage of total u.s. cases decreased 87 basis points in fiscal 2021, which was driven by customer and product mix shift. sysco brand sales as a percentage of local u.s. cases decreased by approximately 212 basis points in fiscal 2021, which was driven by product mix shifting into pre-packaged and takeaway ready products. the estimated change in product costs, an internal measure of inflation or deflation, in fiscal 2021 for our u.s. broadline operations was inflation of 4.3% and was primarily driven by inflation in the paper and disposables, poultry and meat categories. gross margin, which is gross profit as a percentage of sales, was 19.62% in fiscal 2021, which was a decrease of 11 basis points compared to gross margin of 19.73% in fiscal 2020, respectively, primarily attributable to customer and product mix shift.
operating expenses in fiscal 2021 decreased 13.3%, or $699.4 million, compared to fiscal 2020. our decline in operating expenses during fiscal 2021 was primarily driven by a favorable comparison of bad debt expense, including the reduction of reserves on pre-pandemic receivables, and a decrease in pay-related costs associated with permanent headcount reductions made in fiscal 2020 in response to the covid-19 pandemic. operating expenses, on an adjusted basis (which is a non-gaap financial measure for which a reconciliation is provided in "non-gaap reconciliations" below), for fiscal 2021 decreased 6.4%, or $319.7 million, compared to fiscal 2020. we estimate that the extra week in fiscal 2021 accounted for $99.8 million of adjusted operating expense during the fiscal year.
results of international foodservice operations in fiscal 2021, the international foodservice operations operating results represented approximately 16.3% of sysco's overall sales.
the following tables set forth a summary of the components of operating income and adjusted operating income expressed as a percentage increase or decrease over the prior year:
2021                                                                                                                                    2020                                 change in dollars                        % change
(in thousands)
sales                                                                                                                   $8,350,638                  $9,672,190               $(1,321,552)                          (13.7)    %
gross profit                                                                                                             1,645,448                   1,955,190               (309,742)                             (15.8)
operating expenses                                                                                                       1,877,851                   2,326,597               (448,746)                             (19.3)
operating (loss) income                                                                                                 $(232,403)                  $(371,407)               $139,004                              (37.4)    %
gross profit                                                                                                            $1,645,448                  $1,955,190               $(309,742)                            (15.8)    %
adjusted operating expenses (non-gaap) (1)                                                                               1,774,245                   1,847,152               (72,907)                               (3.9)
adjusted operating income (non-gaap) (1)                                                                                $(128,797)                    $108,038               $(236,835)                           (219.2)    %
comparable sales using a constant currency basis (non-gaap) (1)                                                         $7,906,258                  $9,672,190               $(1,765,932)                          (18.3)    %
comparable gross profit using a constant currency basis (non-gaap) (1)                                                   1,554,004                   1,955,190               (401,186)                             (20.5)
comparable operating expenses adjusted for certain items using a constant currency basis (non-gaap) (1)                  1,673,300                   1,847,152               (173,852)                              (9.4)
comparable operating (loss) income adjusted for certain items using a constant currency basis (non-gaap) (1)            $(119,296)                    $108,038               $(227,334)                           (210.4)    %
(1) see "non-gaap reconciliations" below.
sales the following table sets forth the percentage and dollar value increase or decrease in sales over the comparable prior year period in order to demonstrate the cause and magnitude of change.
increase (decrease)
2021
(in millions)
cause of change                       percentage                             dollars inflation                              3.6     %                         $351.7
foreign currency                       4.6                                444.4
extra week in fiscal 2021              1.8                                178.3
other (1)                           (23.7)                            (2,296.0)
total change in sales               (13.7)     %                     $(1,321.6)
(1)the impact of volumes as a component of sales growth from international operations are included within "other." volume in our foreign operations includes volume metrics that differ from country to country and cannot be aggregated on a consistent comparable basis.
sales in fiscal 2021 were 13.7% lower, as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to the significant decline in volume, as our european, canadian and latin american businesses have been substantially impacted by lockdowns, although the restrictions in place are currently easing in many regions. we estimate that the extra week in fiscal 2021 accounted for $178.3 million of sales during the fiscal year. in fiscal 2021, changes in foreign exchange rates positively affected sales by 4.6%, resulting in an 18.3% decrease in sales on a constant currency basis.
operating income operating income decreased by $139.0 million in fiscal 2021, as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to the decline in business resulting from the reductions in our customers' business in response to the covid-19 pandemic. operating income, on an adjusted basis (which is a non-gaap financial measure for which a reconciliation is provided in "non-gaap reconciliations" below), decreased by $236.8 million, or 219.2%, in fiscal 2021, as compared to fiscal 2020. we estimate that the extra week had a negligible impact on adjusted operating income during the fiscal year. foreign exchange rates positively affected operating income by 8.8% in fiscal 2021; therefore, adjusted operating income decreased 210.4% on a constant currency basis, as compared to fiscal 2020.
gross profit dollars decreased by 15.8% in fiscal 2021, as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily attributable to decreased sales. we estimate that the extra week in fiscal 2021 accounted for $35.4 million of gross profit during the fiscal year. changes in foreign exchange rates in fiscal 2021 positively affected gross profit by 4.7%, resulting in a 20.5% decrease in adjusted gross profit on a constant currency basis, as compared to fiscal 2020. gross margin decreased by 51 basis points as a result of country mix, customer mix and product mix.
operating expenses in fiscal 2021 decreased 19.3%, or $448.7 million, as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to a decrease in pay-related costs associated with permanent workforce reductions made in fiscal 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. additionally, the reduction of reserves on pre-pandemic receivables and reduced restructuring and integration charges in europe contributed to the decrease. operating expenses, on an adjusted basis (which is a non-gaap financial measure for which a reconciliation is provided in "non-gaap reconciliations" below), in fiscal 2021, decreased 3.9%, or $72.9 million, compared to fiscal 2020. we estimate that the extra week accounted for $35.4 million of adjusted operating expense during the fiscal year. changes in foreign exchange rates used to translate our foreign operating expenses into u.s. dollars in fiscal 2021 negatively affected operating expenses during the period by 5.5%, resulting in a 9.4% decrease in adjusted operating expenses on a constant currency basis, as compared to fiscal 2020.
results of sygma and other segment for sygma, sales were 17.0% higher in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily from an increase in case volume driven by the success of national and regional quick service restaurants servicing drive-through traffic through the covid-19 pandemic. we estimate that the extra week in fiscal 2021 accounted for $133.8 million of sales during the fiscal year. operating income increased by 42.8% in fiscal 2021, as compared to fiscal 2020, as our increase in gross profit from increased case volume exceeded the increase in operating expenses. adjusted operating income (which is a non-gaap financial measure for which a reconciliation is provided in "non-gaap reconciliations" below) increased by 23.4% in fiscal 2021, as compared to fiscal 2020. we estimate that the extra week in fiscal 2021 accounted for $1.2 million of adjusted operating income during the fiscal year.
for the operations that are grouped within other, operating loss decreased $21.0 million in fiscal 2021, as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to reduced operating expenses, as we sold a non-core asset, cake corporation, in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. our hospitality business, guest worldwide, had a gross profit decrease of 24.5% in fiscal 2021, as compared to fiscal 2020. this business remains challenged, as hospitality occupancy rates remain low compared to prior year levels. despite operating in a difficult hospitality environment, the business improved its underlying profitability during the second half of fiscal 2021 as leisure travel increased and as the travel and hospitality sector continued its recovery.
corporate expenses corporate expenses in fiscal 2021 decreased $59.8 million, or 6.7%, as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to a reduction in costs associated with the business impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, including severance charges related to permanent headcount reductions made in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2020 and goodwill impairment charges recognized in fiscal 2020. lower charges for professional fees and other business transformation initiatives also contributed to the decrease. corporate expenses, on an adjusted basis, increased $97.7 million, or 14.6%, as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to an increase in incentives and stock-based compensation expense as compared to fiscal 2020, when these expenses were lower due to reduced performance against targets. expenses for our transformational investments also contributed to the increase. we estimate that the extra week in fiscal 2021 accounted for $16.0 million of adjusted corporate expenses during the fiscal year.
included in corporate expenses are certain items that totaled $62.9 million in fiscal 2021, as compared to $220.3 million in fiscal 2020. certain items impacting fiscal 2021 were primarily expenses associated with our business technology transformation initiatives. certain items impacting fiscal 2020 were primarily expenses associated with our various transformation initiatives, severance charges arising from the covid-19 pandemic and goodwill impairment charges.
interest expense interest expense increased $471.9 million in fiscal 2021, as compared to fiscal 2020, primarily attributable the purchase of senior notes and debentures due 2027, 2028, 2030, 2039, 2040 and 2050 pursuant to a tender offer in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. interest charges included a loss of $293.9 million related to the purchase costs noted above, and are considered certain items. excluding certain items, our adjusted interest expense (which is a non-gaap financial measure for which a reconciliation is provided in "non-gaap reconciliations" below) increased $178.0 million due to higher fixed debt volume, partially offset by lower floating interest rates.
net earnings net earnings increased 143.3% in fiscal 2021 as compared to the prior year, due primarily to the items noted above for operating income and interest expense, as well as items impacting our income taxes that are discussed in note 11, "income taxes," in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8. adjusted net earnings, excluding certain items, decreased $291.6 million in fiscal 2021, primarily due to a significant decrease in sales volume and a large increase in interest expense.
earnings per share basic earnings per share in fiscal 2021 were $1.03, a 145.2% increase from the comparable prior year period amount of $0.42 per share. diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2021 were $1.02, a 142.9% increase from the comparable prior year period amount of $0.42 per share. adjusted diluted earnings per share, excluding certain items (which is a non-gaap financial measure for which a reconciliation is provided in "non-gaap reconciliations" below), in fiscal 2021 were $1.44, a 28.4% decrease from the comparable prior year period amount of $2.01 per share. these results were primarily attributable to the factors discussed above related to net earnings in fiscal 2021.
non-gaap reconciliations sysco's results of operations for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 were impacted by restructuring and transformational project costs consisting of: (1) restructuring charges; (2) expenses associated with our various transformation initiatives; and (3) facility closure and severance charges, and by acquisition-related costs consisting of: (1) intangible amortization expense related to the fiscal 2017 acquisition of cucina lux investments limited (the brakes acquisition); and (2) due diligence and integration costs incurred in fiscal 2021 associated with the acquisition of greco and sons, which closed in august 2021. our results for fiscal 2021 were also impacted by the reduction of bad debt expense previously recognized in fiscal 2020 due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the collectability of our pre-pandemic trade receivable balances, as well as non-operating gains and losses including (1) losses on the extinguishment of debt; (2) losses on the sale of businesses; and (3) gains on the sale of property.
fiscal 2020 results of operations were also negatively impacted by costs arising from the covid-19 pandemic and are also adjusted to remove the impact of (1) excess bad debt expense, as we experienced an increase in past due receivables and recognized additional bad debt charges; (2) goodwill and intangibles impairment charges; and (3) fixed asset impairment charges. while sysco traditionally incurs bad debt expense, the magnitude of such expenses and benefits that we have experienced since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic is not indicative of our normal operations. our adjusted results have not been normalized in a manner that would exclude the full impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business. as such, sysco has not adjusted its results for lost sales, inventory write-offs or other costs associated with the covid-19 pandemic not previously stated.
the results of our foreign operations can be impacted due to changes in exchange rates applicable in converting local currencies to u.s. dollars. we measure our total sysco and our international foodservice operations results on a constant currency basis. constant currency operating results are calculated by translating current-period local currency operating results with the currency exchange rates used to translate the financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current-period u.s. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. the constant currency impact on our adjusted total sysco and our adjusted international foodservice operations results are disclosed when the impact exceeds a defined threshold of greater than 1% on the growth metric. if the amount does not exceed this threshold, a disclosure will be made that the impact of the currency change was not significant.
management believes that adjusting its operating expenses, operating income, interest expense, other (income) expense, net, net earnings and diluted earnings per share to remove these certain items and presenting its international foodservice operations results on a constant currency basis, provides an important perspective with respect to our underlying business trends and results and provides meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors that (1) is indicative of the performance of the company's underlying operations and (2) facilitates comparisons on a year-over-year basis.
although sysco has a history of growth through acquisitions, the brakes group was significantly larger than the companies historically acquired by sysco, with a proportionately greater impact on sysco's consolidated financial statements. accordingly, sysco is excluding from its non-gaap financial measures for the relevant period the impact of acquisition-related intangible amortization specific to the brakes acquisition. we believe this approach significantly enhances the comparability of sysco's results for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020.
set forth below is a reconciliation of sales, operating expenses, operating income, interest expense, other (income) expense net earnings and diluted earnings per share to adjusted results for these measures for the periods presented. individual components of diluted earnings per share may not add up to the total presented due to rounding. adjusted diluted earnings per share is calculated using adjusted net earnings divided by diluted shares outstanding.
2021                                                                                                                                                          2020                        change in dollars                        % change
(in thousands, except for share and per share data)
sales (gaap)                                                                                                  $51,297,843                         $52,893,310                          $(1,595,467)                              (3.0)    %
impact of currency fluctuations (1)                                                                             (454,004)                                   -                             (454,004)                              (0.9)
comparable sales using a constant currency basis (non-gaap)                                                   $50,843,839                         $52,893,310                          $(2,049,471)                              (3.9)    %
gross profit (gaap)                                                                                            $9,356,749                          $9,901,664                            $(544,915)                              (5.5)    %
impact of currency fluctuations (1)                                                                              (94,664)                                   -                              (94,664)                              (1.0)
comparable gross profit using a constant currency basis (non-gaap)                                             $9,262,085                          $9,901,664                            $(639,579)                              (6.5)    %
gross margin (gaap)                                                                                                 18.24    %                          18.72    %                                                                  -48 bps impact of currency fluctuations (1)                                                                                (0.03)                                   -                                                                        -3 bps comparable gross margin using a constant currency basis (non-gaap)                                                  18.22    %                          18.72    %                                                                  -50 bps operating expenses (gaap)                                                                                      $7,919,507                          $9,152,159                          $(1,232,652)                             (13.5)    %
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs (2)                                                  (128,187)                           (371,088)                               242,901                               65.5
impact of acquisition-related costs (3)                                                                          (79,540)                            (64,793)                              (14,747)                             (22.8)
impact of bad debt reserve adjustments (4)                                                                        184,813                           (323,403)                               508,216                              157.1
impact of goodwill impairment                                                                                           -                           (203,206)                               203,206                                      nm operating expenses adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                                        7,896,593                           8,189,669                             (293,076)                              (3.6)
impact of currency fluctuations (1)                                                                             (104,438)                                   -                             (104,438)                              (1.3)
comparable operating expenses adjusted for certain items using a constant currency basis (non-gaap)            $7,792,155                          $8,189,669                            $(397,514)                              (4.9)    %
operating income (gaap)                                                                                        $1,437,242                            $749,505                              $687,737                               91.8    %
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs (2)                                                    128,187                             371,088                             (242,901)                             (65.5)
impact of acquisition-related costs (3)                                                                            79,540                              64,793                                14,747                               22.8
impact of bad debt reserve adjustments (4)                                                                      (184,813)                             323,403                             (508,216)                            (157.1)
impact of goodwill impairment                                                                                           -                             203,206                             (203,206)                                      nm operating income adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                                         $1,460,156                          $1,711,995                            $(251,839)                             (14.7)    %
interest expense (gaap)                                                                                          $880,137                            $408,220                              $471,917                              115.6    %
impact of loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                        (293,897)                                   -                             (293,897)                                      nm interest expense adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                                           $586,240                            $408,220                              $178,020                               43.6    %
other (income) expense (gaap)                                                                                   $(27,623)                             $47,901                             $(75,524)                              157.7    %
impact of other non-routine gains and losses (5)                                                                 (10,460)                            (46,968)                                36,508                             (77.7)
other (income) expense adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                                    $(38,083)                                $933                             $(39,016)                                      nm net earnings (gaap)                                                                                              $524,209                            $215,475                              $308,734                              143.3    %
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs (2)                                                    128,187                             371,088                             (242,901)                             (65.5)
impact of acquisition-related costs (3)                                                                            79,540                              64,793                                14,747                               22.8
impact of bad debt reserve adjustments (4)                                                                      (184,813)                             323,403                             (508,216)                            (157.1)
impact of goodwill impairment                                                                                           -                             203,206                             (203,206)                                      nm impact of loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                          293,897                                   -                               293,897                                      nm
2021                                                                                                                       2020                      change in dollars                        % change
(in thousands, except for share and per share data)
impact of other non-routine gains and losses (5)                                10,460                              46,968                            (36,508)                             (77.7)
tax impact of restructuring and transformational project costs (6)            (32,416)                            (90,683)                              58,267                               64.3
tax impact of acquisition-related costs (6)                                   (19,675)                            (13,641)                             (6,034)                             (44.2)
tax impact of bad debt reserves adjustments (6)                                 46,260                            (76,864)                             123,124                              160.2
tax impact of loss on extinguishment of debt (6)                              (79,323)                                   -                            (79,323)                                      nm tax impact of other non-routine gains and losses (6)                           (2,692)                            (12,644)                               9,952                               78.7
impact of foreign tax rate change (7)                                         (23,197)                                 924                            (24,121)                                      nm net earnings adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                            $740,437                          $1,032,025                          $(291,588)                             (28.3)    %
diluted earnings per share (gaap)                                                $1.02                               $0.42                               $0.60                              142.9    %
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs (2)                    0.25                                0.72                              (0.47)                             (65.3)
impact of acquisition-related costs (3)                                           0.15                                0.13                                0.02                               15.4
impact of bad debt reserve adjustments (4)                                      (0.36)                                0.63                              (0.99)                            (157.1)
impact of goodwill impairment                                                        -                                0.40                              (0.40)                                      nm impact of loss on extinguishment of debt                                          0.57                                   -                                0.57                                      nm impact of other non-routine gains and losses (5)                                  0.02                                0.09                              (0.07)                             (77.8)
tax impact of restructuring and transformational project costs (6)              (0.06)                              (0.18)                                0.12                               66.7
tax impact of acquisition-related costs (6)                                     (0.04)                              (0.03)                              (0.01)                             (33.3)
tax impact of bad debt reserves adjustments (6)                                   0.09                              (0.15)                                0.24                              160.0
tax impact of loss on extinguishment of debt (6)                                (0.15)                                   -                              (0.15)                                      nm tax impact of non-routine gains and losses (6)                                  (0.01)                              (0.02)                                0.01                               50.0
impact of foreign tax rate change (7)                                           (0.05)                                   -                              (0.05)                                      nm diluted earnings per share adjusted for certain items (non-gaap) (8)             $1.44                               $2.01                             $(0.57)                             (28.4)    %
(1)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      represents a constant currency adjustment, which eliminates the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on current year results.
(2)       fiscal 2021 includes $72 million related to restructuring charges, facility closure and severance charges and $56 million related to various transformation initiative costs, primarily consisting of changes to our business technology strategy. fiscal 2020 includes $265 million related to restructuring, facility closure and severance charges and $106 million related to various transformation initiative costs, primarily consisting of changes to our business technology strategy.
(3)                                                                                                           fiscal 2021 represents $74 million of intangible amortization expense from the brakes acquisition, which is included in the results of international foodservice, as well as $6 million of due diligence and integration costs related to greco and sons, which are included within corporate expenses. fiscal 2020 represents intangible amortization expense from the brakes acquisition.
(4)                                                                                                                                                                                                                             fiscal 2021 represents the reduction of bad debt charges previously taken on pre-pandemic trade receivable balances in fiscal 2020. fiscal 2020 represents excess bad debt charges recognized on the increase in past due receivables arising from the covid-19 pandemic.
(5)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                fiscal 2021 includes $23 million of loss from the sale of businesses, $9 million of gains on sale of property and other non-recurring gains and losses. fiscal 2020 represents the impairment of assets held for sale.
(6)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       the tax impact of adjustments for certain items is calculated by multiplying the pretax impact of each certain item by the statutory rates in effect for each jurisdiction where the certain item was incurred.
(7)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                fiscal 2021 represents a net benefit from remeasuring sysco's accrued income taxes, deferred tax asset and deferred tax liabilities due to changes in tax rates in the united kingdom.
(8)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          individual components of diluted earnings per share may not add up to the total presented due to rounding. total diluted earnings per share is calculated using adjusted net earnings divided by diluted shares outstanding.
nm represents that the percentage change is not meaningful.
set forth below is a reconciliation by segment of actual operating expenses and operating income to adjusted results for these measures for the periods presented (dollars in thousands):
u.s. foodservice operations                                                                                                 2021                            2020         change in dollars                     % change operating expenses (gaap)                                                                                         $4,552,123                      $5,251,563            $(699,440)                          (13.3)    %
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs                                                           (4,056)                        (10,145)                 6,089                            60.0
impact of bad debt reserve adjustments (1)                                                                           143,036                       (230,654)               373,690                           162.0
operating expenses adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                                          $4,691,103                      $5,010,764            $(319,661)                           (6.4)    %
operating income (gaap)                                                                                           $2,456,564                      $2,003,159              $453,405                            22.6    %
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs                                                             4,056                          10,145               (6,089)                          (60.0)
impact of bad debt reserve adjustments (1)                                                                         (143,036)                         230,654             (373,690)                         (162.0)
operating income adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                                            $2,317,584                      $2,243,958               $73,626                             3.3    %
international foodservice operations sales (gaap)                                                                                                      $8,350,638                      $9,672,190          $(1,321,552)                          (13.7)    %
impact of currency fluctuations (2)                                                                                (444,380)                               -             (444,380)                           (4.6)
comparable sales using a constant currency basis (non-gaap)                                                       $7,906,258                      $9,672,190          $(1,765,932)                          (18.3)    %
gross profit (gaap)                                                                                               $1,645,448                      $1,955,190            $(309,742)                          (15.8)    %
impact of currency fluctuations (2)                                                                                 (91,444)                               -              (91,444)                           (4.7)
comparable gross profit using a constant currency basis (non-gaap)                                                $1,554,004                      $1,955,190            $(401,186)                          (20.5)    %
gross margin (gaap)                                                                                                    19.70   %                       20.21   %                                                -51 bps impact of currency fluctuations (2)                                                                                     0.05   %                           -   %                                                 -5 bps comparable gross margin using a constant currency basis (non-gaap)                                                     19.66   %                       20.21   %                                                -56 bps operating expenses (gaap)                                                                                         $1,877,851                      $2,326,597            $(448,746)                          (19.3)    %
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs (3)                                                      (66,147)                       (191,900)               125,753                            65.5
impact of acquisition-related costs (4)                                                                             (73,673)                        (64,793)               (8,880)                          (13.7)
impact of bad debt reserve adjustments (1)                                                                            36,214                        (88,271)               124,485                           141.0
impact of goodwill impairment                                                                                              -                       (134,481)               134,481                                   nm operating expenses adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                                           1,774,245                       1,847,152              (72,907)                           (3.9)
impact of currency fluctuations (2)                                                                                (100,945)                               -             (100,945)                           (5.5)
comparable operating expenses adjusted for certain items using a constant currency basis (non-gaap)               $1,673,300                      $1,847,152            $(173,852)                           (9.4)    %
operating loss (gaap)                                                                                             $(232,403)                      $(371,407)              $139,004                            37.4    %
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs (3)                                                        66,147                         191,900             (125,753)                          (65.5)
impact of acquisition-related costs (4)                                                                               73,673                          64,793                 8,880                            13.7
impact of bad debt reserve adjustments (1)                                                                          (36,214)                          88,271             (124,485)                         (141.0)
impact of goodwill impairment                                                                                              -                         134,481             (134,481)                                   nm operating (loss) income adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                                                      (128,797)                         108,038             (236,835)                         (219.2)
impact of currency fluctuations (2)                                                                                    9,501                               -                 9,501                           (8.8)
comparable operating (loss) income adjusted for certain items using a constant currency basis (non-gaap)          $(119,296)                        $108,038            $(227,334)                         (210.4)    %
sygma operating expenses (gaap)                                                 $501,360        $446,614                $54,746                    12.3   %
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs                     (7)         (5,793)                  5,786                    99.9
operating expenses adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                  $501,353        $440,821                $60,532                    13.7   %
operating income (gaap)                                                    $52,654         $36,880                $15,774                    42.8   %
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs                       7           5,793                (5,786)                  (99.9)
operating income adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                     $52,661         $42,673                 $9,988                    23.4   %
other operating expenses (gaap)                                                 $160,790        $240,245              $(79,455)                  (33.1)   %
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs                   (956)               -                  (956)                          nm impact of bad debt reserve adjustments (1)                                   5,563         (4,478)                 10,041                   224.2
impact of goodwill impairment                                                    -        (11,660)                 11,660                          nm operating expenses adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                  $165,397        $224,107              $(58,710)                  (26.2)   %
operating loss (gaap)                                                       $(396)       $(21,361)                $20,965                    98.1   %
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs                     956               -                    956                          nm impact of bad debt reserve adjustments (1)                                 (5,563)           4,478               (10,041)                 (224.2)
impact of goodwill impairment                                                    -          11,660               (11,660)                          nm operating loss adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                      $(5,003)        $(5,223)                   $220                     4.2   %
corporate operating expenses (gaap)                                                 $827,383        $887,140              $(59,757)                   (6.7)   %
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs (5)            (57,021)       (163,249)                106,228                    65.1
impact of acquisition-related costs (6)                                    (5,867)               -                (5,867)                          nm impact of goodwill impairment                                                    -        (57,066)                 57,066                          nm operating expenses adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                  $764,495        $666,825                $97,670                    14.6   %
operating loss (gaap)                                                   $(839,177)      $(897,766)                $58,589                     6.5   %
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs (5)              57,021         163,249              (106,228)                  (65.1)
impact of acquisition-related costs (6)                                      5,867               -                  5,867                          nm impact of goodwill impairment                                                    -          57,066               (57,066)                          nm operating loss adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)                    $(776,289)      $(677,451)              $(98,838)                  (14.6)   %
(1)        fiscal 2021 represents the reduction of bad debt charges previously taken on pre-pandemic trade receivable balances in fiscal 2020. fiscal 2020 represents excess bad debt charges recognized on the increase in past due receivables arising from the covid-19 pandemic.
(2)                                                                                                                                                 represents a constant currency adjustment, which eliminates the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on current year results.
(3)                                                                                                                                                                                                includes restructuring, severance and facility closure costs primarily in europe.
(4)                                                                                                                                                                                                          represents intangible amortization expense from the brakes acquisition.
(5)                                                                                                                                                           includes various transformation initiative costs, primarily consisting of changes to our business technology strategy.
(6)                                                                                                                                     fiscal 2021 represents due diligence and integration costs related to the acquisition of greco and sons in the first quarter of fiscal 2022.
nm represents that the percentage change is not meaningful.
ebitda and adjusted ebitda ebitda and adjusted ebitda should not be used as a substitute for the most comparable gaap measure in assessing sysco's overall financial performance for the periods presented. an analysis of any non-gaap financial measure should be used in conjunction with results presented in accordance with gaap. see "key performance indicators" for further discussion regarding this non-gaap financial measure. set forth below is a reconciliation of actual net earnings (loss) to ebitda and to adjusted ebitda results for the periods presented (dollars in thousands):
2021                                                                                                         2020       change in dollars                     % change net earnings (gaap)                                                       $524,209                    $215,475           $308,734                           143.3    %
interest (gaap)                                                            880,137                     408,220            471,917                           115.6
income taxes (gaap)                                                         60,519                      77,909           (17,390)                          (22.3)
depreciation and amortization (gaap)                                       737,916                     805,765           (67,849)                           (8.4)
ebitda (non-gaap)                                                       $2,202,781                  $1,507,369           $695,412                            46.1    %
certain item adjustments:
impact of restructuring and transformational project costs (1)             120,693                     290,284          (169,591)                          (58.4)
impact of acquisition-related costs                                          5,867                           -              5,867                                   nm impact of bad debt reserve adjustments (2)                               (184,813)                     323,403          (508,216)                         (157.1)
impact of goodwill impairment                                                    -                     203,206          (203,206)                                   nm impact of other non-routine gains and losses (3)                            10,460                      46,968           (36,508)                          (77.7)
ebitda adjusted for certain items (non-gaap)(4)                         $2,154,988                  $2,371,230         $(216,242)                           (9.1)    %
(1)                                                                                                    includes various transformation initiative costs, primarily consisting of changes to our business technology strategy, excluding charges related to accelerated depreciation.
(2)        fiscal 2021 represents the reduction of bad debt charges previously taken on pre-pandemic trade receivable balances in fiscal 2020. fiscal 2020 represents excess bad debt charges recognized on the increase in past due receivables arising from the covid-19 pandemic.
(3)                                                                      fiscal 2021 includes $23 million of loss from the sale of businesses, $9 million of gains on sale of property and other non-recurring items. fiscal 2020 represents the impairment of assets held for sale.
(4)                                                    in arriving at adjusted ebitda, sysco does not adjust out interest income of $15 million and $12 million or non-cash stock compensation expense of $96 million and $42 million for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources highlights below are comparisons of the cash flows from fiscal 2021 to fiscal 2020:
•cash flows from operations were $1.9 billion in fiscal 2021, compared to $1.6 billion in fiscal 2020;
•net capital expenditures totaled $411.5 million in fiscal 2021, compared to $691.7 million in fiscal 2020;
•free cash flow was $1.5 billion in fiscal 2021, compared to $927.0 million in fiscal 2020 (see "cash flows - free cash flow - non-gaap reconciliation" below for an explanation of this non-gaap financial measure);
•there were no acquisitions in fiscal 2021; cash used for acquisition of businesses was $142.8 million in fiscal 2020;
•there were $826.2 million of bank and commercial paper repayments, net, in fiscal 2021, compared to $616.7 million of bank and commercial paper borrowings, net in fiscal 2020;
•dividends paid were $917.6 million in fiscal 2021, compared to $856.3 million in fiscal 2020; and
•there were no stock repurchases in fiscal 2021; cash paid for treasury stock repurchases was $844.7 million in fiscal 2020.
we repaid senior notes in the amount of $1.3 billion, purchased senior notes and debentures in the amount of $712.4 million pursuant to a tender offer in fiscal 2021 and repaid $700 million of borrowings under our long-term revolving credit facility, utilizing cash flow from operations.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic and its impact on our working capital, as well as the uncertainty regarding our ability to generate cash flow in the near term, we took steps to increase our liquidity in the second half of fiscal 2020, including the issuance of senior notes, borrowings under our long-term revolving credit facility and borrowings under a u.k. commercial paper program. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we entered into an amendment to our long-term revolving credit facility, which required us to suspend share repurchases and dividend increases. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we further amended our long-term revolving credit facility to increase the authorized dividend per share amount, which allowed us to declare a dividend increase of $0.02 per share, resulting in a quarterly cash dividend of $0.47 per share payable in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. in fiscal 2021, we continued to reduce our debt levels, and have paid down $3.4 billion of debt. as of july 3, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding under our long-term revolving credit facility. as of august 10, 2021, the company has approximately $4.7 billion in cash and available liquidity.
sources and uses of cash sysco's strategic objectives include continuous investment in our business; these investments are funded by a combination of cash from operations and access to capital from financial markets. our operations historically have produced significant cash flow. cash generated from operations is generally allocated to:
•working capital requirements;
•capital investments in facilities, systems, fleet, other equipment and technology;
•cash dividends;
•acquisitions consistent with our growth strategy;
•debt repayments;
•share repurchases; and
•contributions to our various retirement plans.
any remaining cash generated from operations may be invested in high-quality, short-term instruments. as a part of our ongoing strategic analysis, we regularly evaluate business opportunities, including potential acquisitions and sales of assets and businesses, and our overall capital structure. any transactions resulting from these evaluations may materially impact our liquidity, borrowing capacity, leverage ratios and capital availability.
we continue to be in a strong financial position based on our balance sheet and operating cash flows; however, our liquidity and capital resources can be influenced by economic trends and conditions that impact our results of operations. we believe our mechanisms to manage working capital, such as actively working with customers to receive payments on receivables, optimizing inventory levels and maximizing payment terms with vendors, have been sufficient to limit a significant unfavorable impact on our cash flows from operations. we believe these mechanisms will continue to prevent a significant unfavorable impact on our cash flows from operations.
we extend credit terms to some of our customers based on our assessment of each customer's creditworthiness. we monitor each customer's account and will suspend shipments if necessary. in the ordinary course of business, customers periodically negotiate extended payment terms on trade accounts receivable. the company may utilize purchase arrangements with third-party financial institutions to transfer portions of our trade accounts receivable balance on a non-recourse basis in order to extend terms for the customer without negatively impacting our cash flow. the arrangements meet the requirements for the receivables transferred to be accounted for as sales. see note 1, "summary of accounting policies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information.
as of july 3, 2021, we had $3.0 billion in cash and cash equivalents, approximately 19% of which was held by our international subsidiaries generated from our earnings of international operations. if these earnings were transferred among countries or repatriated to the u.s., such amounts may be subject to withholding and additional foreign tax obligations. additionally, sysco corporation has provided intercompany loans to certain of its international subsidiaries, and when interest and principal payments are made, some of this cash will move to the u.s.
our wholly owned captive insurance subsidiary (the captive) must maintain a sufficient level of liquidity to fund future reserve payments. as of july 3, 2021, the captive held $129.7 million of fixed income marketable securities and $30.0 million of restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in a restricted investment portfolio in order to meet solvency requirements. we purchased $53.1 million in marketable securities in fiscal 2021 and received $36.0 million in proceeds from the sale of marketable securities in that period.
cash requirements the company's cash requirements within the next twelve months include accounts payable and accrued liabilities, current maturities of long-term debt, other current liabilities, and purchase commitments and other obligations. we expect the cash required to meet these obligations to be primarily generated through a combination of cash from operations and access to capital from financial markets.
our long-term cash requirements under our various contractual obligations and commitments include:
•debt obligations and interest payments - see note 12, "debt and other financing arrangements," in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further detail of our debt and the timing of expected future principal and interest payments.
•operating and finance leases - see note 13, "leases," in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further detail of our obligations and the timing of expected future payments.
•deferred compensation - the estimate of the timing of future payments under the executive deferred compensation plan and management savings plan involves the use of certain assumptions, including retirement ages and payout periods. see note 14, "company-sponsored employee benefit plans," in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further detail of our obligations and the timing of expected future payments.
•purchase and other obligations - purchase obligations include agreements for purchases of product in the normal course of business for which all significant terms have been confirmed, including minimum quantities resulting from our category management process. such amounts are based on estimates. purchase obligations also include amounts committed with various third-party service providers to provide information technology services for periods up to fiscal 2026. see discussion under note 20, "commitments and contingencies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8. purchase obligations exclude full requirements electricity contracts where no stated minimum purchase volume is required.
•other liabilities - these include other long-term liabilities reflected in our consolidated balance sheets as of july 3, 2021, including obligations associated with certain employee benefit programs, unrecognized tax benefits and various long-term liabilities, which have some inherent uncertainty in the timing of these payments.
•contingent consideration - certain acquisitions involve contingent consideration, typically payable only if certain operating results are attained or certain outstanding contingencies are resolved. see note 4, "acquisitions," in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 for aggregate contingent consideration amounts outstanding as of july 3, 2021.
we believe the following sources will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for at least the next twelve months, while maintaining sufficient liquidity for normal operating purposes:
•our cash flows from operations;
•the availability of additional capital under our existing commercial paper programs, supported by our revolving credit facility; and
•our ability to access capital from financial markets, including issuances of debt securities, either privately or under our shelf registration statement filed with the sec.
due to our strong financial position, we believe that we will continue to be able to effectively access the commercial paper market and long-term capital markets, if necessary.
cash flows operating activities we generated $1.9 billion and $1.6 billion in cash flows from operations in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. fiscal 2021 reflects higher operating results, as well as year-over-year favorable comparisons on accrued expenses, income taxes and working capital.
the positive impact from accrued expenses was primarily due to a favorable comparison of customer rebate payments resulting from an increase in volume purchase incentives earned by our customers, as sales volumes increased throughout fiscal 2021, and a favorable comparison of incentive payments resulting from prior year incentive payments exceeding current payments, coupled with an increase in incentive accruals in fiscal 2021 due to improved business performance.
income tax cash payments decreased $273.1 million year-over-year. this was a result of higher accrual of earnings in fiscal 2019 and the beginning of fiscal 2020 used to calculate estimated tax payments in fiscal 2020. lower earnings at the end of fiscal 2020 and in fiscal 2021, including the impact of the debt tender in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, resulted in lower estimated tax payments for fiscal 2021. additionally in fiscal 2021, we received a $50 million refund related to a payment made in fiscal 2020.
changes in working capital had a positive impact of $49.3 million on cash flow from operations period-over-period. there was a favorable comparison on accounts payable, partially offset by unfavorable comparisons on accounts receivable and inventories. accounts payable and inventories have increased, as we continue our business recovery efforts and investments in inventory. in the second half of fiscal 2021, we invested heavily in inventory, and we ended the fiscal year with inventory on-hand and inventory on-order in a combined amount that exceeds our pre-covid-19 levels, which should enable us to ship product on time and in full during the upcoming period of expected volume recovery. the unfavorable comparison in cash flows from accounts receivables is primarily due to our customers beginning to purchase more in the second half of fiscal 2021, coupled with significantly lower sales in the latter half of fiscal 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic. in fiscal 2021, we recorded a net credit to the provision for losses on receivables totaling $152.7 million, which reflects a benefit on the reduction of our allowance for pre-pandemic receivable balances, as we have made excellent progress on obtaining timely payments from our customers. we continue to work with our customers to collect past due balances, including through the use of payment plans. we have also discontinued charging interest on past due balances.
the positive impacts to cash flows from operating activities noted above were partially offset by an unfavorable comparison year-over-year with regard to the provision for losses on trade receivables. during fiscal 2021, we recognized a net benefit on our allowance for credit losses on receivables due to improved collections on sysco's pre-pandemic receivables, as compared to the excess bad debt charges recognized in fiscal 2020, due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our customers.
investing activities fiscal 2021 capital expenditures included:
•buildings and building improvements;
•investments in technology;
•warehouse equipment; and
•fleet replacements.
fiscal 2020 capital expenditures included:
•buildings and building improvements;
•fleet replacements;
•investments in technology; and
•warehouse equipment.
the level of gross capital expenditures in fiscal 2021 decreased $249.7 million, as compared to fiscal 2020. we reduced our capital expenditures in fiscal 2021 by eliminating capital projects that were not critical for our business in order to preserve our liquidity in response to the covid-19 crisis. we estimate our capital expenditures, net of proceeds from sales of assets, in fiscal 2022 will be approximately 1.3% of fiscal 2022 sales as we continue to invest in our business for the long-term.
fiscal 2022 expenditures are expected to include facility expansions and new facility construction; fleet and other equipment purchases, including replacements; and investments in technology.
during fiscal 2020, the company paid cash of $142.8 million for acquisitions, net of cash acquired, including the acquisitions of j. kings food service professionals, armstrong produce, and kula produce.
free cash flow our free cash flow for fiscal 2021 increased by $565.3 million, to $1.5 billion, as compared to fiscal 2020, principally as a result of an increase in cash flows from operations and year-over-year decreased capital expenditures.
non-gaap reconciliation free cash flow should not be used as a substitute for the most comparable gaap measure in assessing the company's liquidity for the periods presented. an analysis of any non-gaap financial measure should be used in conjunction with results presented in accordance with gaap. see "key performance indicators" for further discussion regarding this non-gaap financial measure. in the table that follows, free cash flow for each period presented is reconciled to net cash provided by operating activities.
2021                                                                        2020                                     change in dollars                     % change
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities (gaap)            $1,903,842                  $1,618,680                    $285,162                            17.6    %
additions to plant and equipment                             (470,676)                   (720,423)                     249,747                          (34.7)
proceeds from sales of plant and equipment                      59,147                      28,717                      30,430                           106.0
free cash flow (non-gaap)                                   $1,492,313                    $926,974                    $565,339                            61.0    %
financing activities equity transactions proceeds from exercises of share-based compensation awards were $130.4 million and $227.6 million in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. the level of option exercises, and thus proceeds, will vary from period to period and is largely dependent on movements in our stock price and the time remaining before option grants expire.
we have traditionally engaged in share repurchase programs to allow sysco to continue offsetting dilution resulting from shares issued under the company's benefit plans and to make opportunistic repurchases. in august 2019, our board of directors approved a repurchase program to authorize the repurchase of up to $2.5 billion of the company's common stock through the end of fiscal 2021. during march 2020, we discontinued share repurchases under the program, and pursuant to the amendment to our long-term revolving credit facility as described below under "debt activity and borrowing availability," we repurchased no shares during fiscal 2021, compared to 11.1 million shares repurchased in fiscal 2020 for $844.7 million. the remaining authorization of approximately $2.1 billion expired at the end of fiscal 2021. in may 2021, our board of directors approved a separate repurchase program to authorize the repurchase of up to $5.0 billion of the company's common stock, which will remain available until fully utilized.
certain conditions would need to be present for us to resume share repurchases in fiscal 2022, including but not limited to the following: the market recovery must be robust; our investments in our business must be fully funded, including acquisitions; our debt reduction must continue and our investment grade credit rating must be preserved; and excess liquidity must exist to fund the repurchase program. if current trends continue with respect to each of these conditions and our balanced capital allocation strategy is employed, we may return more capital to shareholders through share repurchases in fiscal 2022.
we have made dividend payments to our shareholders in each fiscal year since our company's inception. dividends paid were $917.6 million, or $1.80 per share, in fiscal 2021 and $856.3 million, or $1.68 per share, in fiscal 2020. in may 2021, we declared our regular quarterly dividend for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 of $0.47 per share, a $0.02 per share increase from the prior quarter, which was paid in july 2021.
in august 2018, we filed a universal shelf registration statement with the sec under which we, as a well-known seasoned issuer, have the ability to issue and sell an indeterminate amount of various types of debt and equity securities. the specific terms of any securities we issue under this registration statement, which we expect to replace with a new universal shelf registration statement to be filed shortly after this form 10-k, will be provided in the applicable prospectus supplements.
in november 2000, we filed with the sec a shelf registration statement covering 30,000,000 shares of common stock to be offered from time to time in connection with acquisitions. as of august 10, 2021, 29,477,835 shares remained available for issuance under this registration statement.
debt activity and borrowing availability our debt activity, including issuances and repayments, and our borrowing availability is described in note 12, "debt and other financing arrangements," in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8. our outstanding borrowings at july 3, 2021, and repayment activity since the end of fiscal 2021 are disclosed within those notes. updated amounts at august 10, 2021, include:
•no outstanding borrowings from the credit facility supporting our u.s. commercial paper program; and
•no outstanding borrowings under our u.s. commercial paper program.
our aggregate commercial paper issuances and short-term bank borrowings had weighted average interest rates of 0.97% for fiscal 2021 and 1.99% for fiscal 2020.
in the next 12 months, $450 million of long-term debt will mature. we expect to repay these senior notes in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 and to fund this repayment with internally generated funds.
the availability of financing in the form of debt is influenced by many factors, including our profitability, free cash flows, debt levels, credit ratings, debt covenants and economic and market conditions. for example, a significant downgrade in our credit ratings or adverse conditions in the capital markets may increase the cost of borrowing for us or limit our access to capital. to date, we have not experienced difficulty accessing the credit markets. as of august 10, 2021, the company had approximately $4.7 billion in cash and available liquidity.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 due to worsening business conditions, sysco entered into an amendment to its $2 billion long-term revolving credit facility that expires on june 28, 2024. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 due to improving business conditions, we further amended our long-term revolving credit facility to (1) adjust the covenant restricting increases to sysco's regular quarterly dividend to enable future increases; (2) remove access to a 364-day credit facility that the company believes it no longer needs; and (3) adjust the covenant requiring sysco to maintain a certain ratio of ebitda to consolidated interest expense. as of july 3, 2021, sysco was in compliance with all of its debt covenants, and the company expects to remain in compliance through the next twelve months.
guarantor summarized financial information on january 19, 2011, the wholly owned u.s. broadline subsidiaries of sysco corporation, which distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products, entered into full and unconditional guarantees of all outstanding senior notes and debentures of sysco corporation. a list of the current guarantors is included in exhibit 22 to this form 10-k. all subsequent issuances of senior notes and debentures in the u.s. and borrowings under the company's $2.0 billion long-term revolving credit facility have also been guaranteed by these subsidiaries, as discussed in note 12, "debt and other financing arrangements," in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8. as of july 3, 2021, sysco had a total of $10.6 billion in senior notes, debentures and borrowings under the long-term revolving credit facility that were guaranteed by these subsidiary guarantors. our remaining consolidated subsidiaries (non-guarantor subsidiaries) are not obligated under the senior notes indenture, debentures indenture or our long-term revolving credit facility.
all subsidiary guarantors are 100% owned by the parent company, all guarantees are full and unconditional, and all guarantees are joint and several. the guarantees rank equally and ratably in right of payment with all other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the respective guarantors.
the assets of sysco corporation consist principally of the stock of its subsidiaries. therefore, the rights of sysco corporation and the rights of its creditors to participate in the assets of any subsidiary upon liquidation, recapitalization or otherwise will be subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary's creditors, except to the extent that claims of sysco corporation itself and/or the claims of those creditors themselves may be recognized as creditor claims of the subsidiary. furthermore, the ability of sysco corporation to service its indebtedness and other obligations is dependent upon the earnings and cash flow of its subsidiaries and the distribution or other payment to it of such earnings or cash flow. if any of sysco corporation's subsidiaries becomes insolvent, the direct creditors of that subsidiary will have a prior claim on its assets. sysco corporation's rights and the rights of its creditors, including the rights of a holder of senior notes as an owner of debt securities, will be subject to that prior claim, unless sysco corporation or such noteholder, if such noteholder's debt securities are guaranteed by such subsidiary, also is a direct creditor of that subsidiary.
the guarantee of any subsidiary guarantor with respect to a series of senior notes or debentures may be released under certain customary circumstances. if we exercise our defeasance option with respect to the senior notes or debentures of any series, then any subsidiary guarantor effectively will be released with respect to that series. further, each subsidiary guarantee will remain in full force and effect until the earliest to occur of the date, if any, on which (1) the applicable subsidiary guarantor shall consolidate with or merge into sysco corporation or any successor of sysco corporation or (2) sysco corporation or any successor of sysco corporation consolidates with or merges into the applicable subsidiary guarantor.
basis of preparation of the summarized financial information the following tables include summarized financial information of sysco corporation (issuer), and certain wholly owned u.s. broadline subsidiaries (guarantors) (together, the obligor group). the summarized financial information of the obligor group is presented on a combined basis with intercompany balances and transactions between entities in the obligor group eliminated. investments in and equity in the earnings of our non-guarantor subsidiaries, which are not members of the obligor group, have been excluded from the summarized financial information.
the obligor group's amounts due to, amounts due from and transactions with non-guarantor subsidiaries have been presented in separate line items, if they are material to the obligor financials.
combined parent and guarantor subsidiaries summarized balance sheet                jul. 3, 2021
(in thousands)
assets receivables due from non-obligor subsidiaries                                   $171,718
current assets                                                                 6,661,284
total current assets                                                          $6,833,002
notes receivable from non-obligor subsidiaries                                   $83,457
other noncurrent assets                                                        3,933,833
total noncurrent assets                                                       $4,017,290
liabilities payables due to non-obligor subsidiaries                                        $203,365
other current liabilities                                                      2,299,674
total current liabilities                                                     $2,503,039
notes payable to non-obligor subsidiaries                                       $269,709
long-term debt                                                                10,139,596
other noncurrent liabilities                                                   1,209,598
total noncurrent liabilities                                                 $11,618,903
combined parent and guarantor subsidiaries summarized results of operations         2021
(in thousands)
sales                                                                                          $32,944,700
gross profit                                                                                     6,206,924
operating income                                                                                 1,773,215
interest expense from non-obligor subsidiaries                                                      59,745
net earnings                                                                                       816,957
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off-balance sheet arrangements.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses in the accompanying financial statements. significant accounting policies employed by sysco are presented in the notes to the financial statements.
critical accounting policies and estimates are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations. these policies require our most subjective or complex judgments, often employing the use of estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. we have reviewed with the audit committee of the board of directors the development and selection of the critical accounting policies and estimates and this related disclosure. our most critical accounting policies and estimates pertain to the goodwill and intangible assets, allowance for doubtful accounts, income taxes, share-based compensation and company-sponsored pension plans.
goodwill and intangible assets we account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that, once control of a business is obtained, 100% of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. we use multiple valuation methods to determine the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. for intangible assets, we generally use the income method, which uses a forecast of the expected future net cash flows associated with each asset. these cash flows are then adjusted to present value by applying an appropriate discount rate that reflects the risk factors associated with the cash flow streams. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the income method or other methods include the amount and timing of projected future cash flows and the discount rate selected to measure the risks inherent in the future cash flows. determining the useful life of an intangible asset also requires judgment, as different types of intangible assets will have different useful lives. any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. more information on our acquisitions can be found in note 4, "acquisitions," in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8.
annually in our fiscal fourth quarter, we assess the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles by determining whether the fair values exceed the carrying values of these assets. impairment reviews, outside our annual review time frame, are performed if events or circumstances occur that include changes in macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, other relevant entity-specific events, specific events affecting the reporting unit or sustained decrease in share price. our testing may be performed utilizing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment; however, if a qualitative assessment is performed and we determine that the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50 percent) to be less than its carrying amount, a quantitative test is performed.
when using a quantitative test, we arrive at our estimates of fair value using a combination of discounted cash flow and earnings or revenue multiple models. the results from each of these models are then weighted and combined into a single estimate of fair value for each reporting unit. we use a higher weighting for our discounted cash flow valuation compared to the earnings multiple models because the forecasted operating results that serve as a basis for the analysis incorporate management's outlook and anticipated changes for the businesses consistent with a market participant. the primary assumptions used in these various models include estimated earnings multiples of comparable acquisitions in the industry, including control premiums, earnings or revenue multiples on acquisitions completed by sysco in the past, future cash flow estimates of the reporting units, which are dependent on internal forecasts and projected growth rates, and weighted average cost of capital, along with working capital and capital expenditure requirements. when possible, we use observable market inputs in our models to arrive at the fair values of our reporting units.
certain reporting units have a greater proportion of goodwill recorded to estimated fair value as compared to the u.s. broadline, canada broadline or sygma reporting units. this is primarily due to these businesses having been more recently acquired, and as a result there has been less history of organic growth than in the u.s. broadline, canadian broadline and sygma reporting units. as such, these reporting units have a greater risk of future impairment if their operations were to suffer a significant downturn.
in the annual fiscal 2021 assessment, certain reporting units did not have a fair value substantially in excess of their book value. for two reporting units with goodwill of $181.4 million in the aggregate as of july 3, 2021, headroom was considered low at 18% and 27%. all other reporting units were concluded to have a fair value that exceeded book value by at least 30%.
the company estimated the fair value of these reporting units using a combination of discounted cash flow and earnings or revenue multiple models. for the purposes of the discounted cash flow models, fair value was determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk adjusted rate. the fair value conclusions as of july 3, 2021 for the reporting units are highly sensitive to changes in the assumptions used in the income approach, which include forecasted revenues, perpetual growth rates, and long-term discount rates, among others, all of which require significant judgments by management. fair value of the reporting unit is therefore determined using significant unobservable inputs, or level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. the company has used recent historical performance, current forecasted financial information, and broad-based industry and economic statistics as a basis to estimate the key assumptions utilized in the discounted cash flow model. these key assumptions are inherently uncertain and require a high degree of estimation and judgment and are subject to change based on future changes, industry and global economic and geo-political conditions, and the timing and success of the implementation of current strategic initiatives. the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic on estimated future cash flows is uncertain and will largely depend on the outcome of future events, which could result in goodwill impairments going forward.
allowance for doubtful accounts sysco determines the past due status of trade receivables based on contractual terms with each customer and evaluates the collectability of accounts receivable to determine an appropriate allowance for credit losses on trade receivables. to calculate an allowance for credit losses, the company estimates uncollectible amounts based on historical loss experience, including those experienced during times of local and regional disasters, current conditions and collection rates, and expectations regarding future losses.
in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2020, the company experienced an increase in past due receivables and recognized additional bad debt charges on its trade receivables that were outstanding at the time the pandemic caused closures among our customers in mid-march 2020. these receivables were all created in fiscal 2020 and are referred to as pre-pandemic receivables. in fiscal 2021, we recorded a net credit to the provision for losses on receivables totaling $152.7 million, which reflects a benefit on the reduction of our allowance for pre-pandemic receivable balances, as we have made excellent progress on obtaining timely payments from our customers. we continue to work with our customers to collect past due balances, including through the use of payment plans. we have also discontinued charging interest on past due balances. our balance for the allowance of doubtful accounts as of july 3, 2021 was $117.7 million. the covid-19 pandemic is more widespread and longer in duration than historical disasters that have impacted our business, and it is possible that actual uncollectible amounts will differ and additional charges may be required; however, if collections continue to improve, it is also possible that additional reductions in our bad debt reserve could occur. our judgment is required as to the impact of certain of these items and other factors as to ultimate realization of our accounts receivable.
income taxes the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. our provision for income taxes primarily reflects a combination of income earned and taxed in the various u.s. federal and state, as well as foreign, jurisdictions. tax law changes, increases or decreases in book versus tax basis differences, accruals or adjustments of accruals for unrecognized tax benefits or valuation allowances, and our change in the mix of earnings from these taxing jurisdictions all affect the overall effective tax rate. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic may change our mix of earnings by jurisdiction and has increased the risk that operating losses may occur within certain of our jurisdictions that could lead to the recognition of valuation allowances against certain deferred tax assets in the future, if these losses are prolonged beyond our current expectations. this would negatively impact our income tax expense, net earnings, and balance sheet.
our liability for unrecognized tax benefits contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment in estimating the exposures associated with our various filing positions. we believe that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable; however, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability has been established, or pay amounts in excess of recorded liabilities, our effective income tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement may be recognized as a reduction in our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution.
share-based compensation sysco provides compensation benefits to employees and non-employee directors under several share-based payment arrangements including various employee stock option plans, a non-employee director plan and the 2015 employee stock purchase plan (espp).
as of july 3, 2021, there was $124.4 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based compensation arrangements. that cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.7 years.
the fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a black-scholes option pricing model. expected volatility is based on historical volatility of sysco's stock, implied volatilities from traded options on sysco's stock and other factors. we utilize historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination behavior within the valuation model; separate groups of employees that have similar historical exercise behavior are considered separately for valuation purposes. expected dividend yield is estimated based on the historical pattern of dividends and the average stock price for the year preceding the option grant. the risk-free rate for the expected term of the option is based on the u.s. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.
the fair value of each restricted stock unit award and performance share unit award granted with a dividend equivalent is based on the company's stock price as of the date of grant. for restricted stock units and performance share units granted without dividend equivalents, the fair value is reduced by the present value of expected dividends during the vesting period. expense recognized on performance share unit awards is subsequently adjusted based on forecasted performance compared to planned targets until the performance period concludes and the actual number of shares of sysco common stock to be received upon the vesting of the performance share units is known.
the fair value of the stock issued under the espp is calculated as the difference between the stock price and the employee purchase price.
the fair value of restricted stock granted to employees or non-employee directors is based on the stock price on grant date. the application of a discount to the fair value of a restricted stock grant is dependent upon whether or not each individual grant contains a post-vesting restriction.
the compensation cost related to these share-based awards is recognized over the requisite service period. the requisite service period is generally the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award. the compensation cost related to stock issuances resulting from employee purchases of stock under the espp is recognized during the quarter in which the employee payroll withholdings are made.
our share-based awards are generally subject to graded vesting over a service period. we will recognize compensation cost on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award.
in addition, certain of our share-based awards provide that the awards continue to vest as if the award holder continued to be an employee or director if the award holder meets certain age and years of service thresholds upon retirement. in these cases, we will recognize compensation cost for such awards over the period from the grant date to the date the employee or director first becomes eligible to retire with the options continuing to vest after retirement.
our option grants include options that qualify as incentive stock options for income tax purposes. in the period the compensation cost related to incentive stock options is recorded, a corresponding tax benefit is not recorded as it is assumed that we will not receive a tax deduction related to such incentive stock options. we may be eligible for tax deductions in subsequent periods to the extent that there is a disqualifying disposition of the incentive stock option. in such cases, we would record a tax benefit related to the tax deduction in an amount not to exceed the corresponding cumulative compensation cost recorded in the financial statements on the particular options multiplied by the statutory tax rate.
company-sponsored pension plans amounts related to defined benefit plans recognized in the financial statements are determined on an actuarial basis. two of the more critical assumptions in the actuarial calculations are the discount rate for determining the current value of plan benefits and the expected rate of return on plan assets. our u.s. retirement plan is largely frozen and is only open to a small number of employees. our serp is frozen and is not open to any employees. none of these plans have a significant sensitivity to changes in discount rates specific to our results of operations, but such changes could impact our balance sheet due to a change in our funded status. due to the low level of active employees in our retirement plans, our assumption for the rate of increase in future compensation is not a critical assumption.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of the u.s. retirement plan is 4.75% for fiscal 2021, consistent with fiscal 2020. the expectations of future returns are derived from a mathematical asset model that incorporates assumptions as to the various asset class returns, reflecting a combination of historical performance analysis and the forward-looking views of the financial markets regarding the yield on bonds, historical returns of the major stock markets and returns on alternative investments. the rate of return assumption is reviewed annually and revised as deemed appropriate.
the expected return on plan assets impacts the recorded amount of net pension costs. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of the u.s. retirement plan decreased by 25 basis points to 4.50% for fiscal 2022, due to expected lower long-term rate of return. a 25 basis point increase (decrease) in the assumed rate of return in the plan for fiscal 2022 would decrease (increase) sysco's net company-sponsored pension costs for fiscal 2022 by approximately $11 million.
pension accounting standards require the recognition of the funded status of our defined benefit plans in the statement of financial position, with a corresponding adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax. the amount reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to the recognition of the funded status of our defined benefit plans as of july 3, 2021 was a charge, net of tax, of $1.1 billion, driven by an increase in the discount rates and a decline in expected return on assets. the amount reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to the recognition of the funded status of our defined benefit plans as of june 27, 2020 was a charge, net of tax, of $1.3 billion.
forward-looking statements certain statements made herein that look forward in time or express management's expectations or beliefs with respect to the occurrence of future events are forward-looking statements under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as "future," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "will," "would," "could," "can," "may," "projected," "continues," "continuously," variations of such terms, and similar terms and phrases denoting anticipated or expected occurrences or results. examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about:
•the effect, impact, potential duration or other implications of the covid-19 pandemic and any expectations we may have with respect thereto, including our ability to withstand the crisis;
•expectations regarding our business and the economic recovery generally as the covid-19 pandemic subsides, including beliefs regarding future customer activity;
•our expectations regarding the improvement in the performance of non-restaurant business sectors;
•our expectations of an improving market over the course of fiscal 2022;
•our expectations regarding the ability of our supply chain and facilities to remain in place and operational;
•our plans regarding our transformation initiatives and the expected effects from such initiatives;
•statements regarding uncollectible accounts, including that if collections continue to improve, additional reductions in bad debt expense could occur;
•our expectations that our recipe for growth strategy will allow us to better serve our customers and differentiate sysco from our competition;
•our expectations regarding the sysco driver academy;
•our expectations regarding our fiscal 2022 sales and our rate of sales growth in fiscal 2022 and the three years of our long-range plan;
•our expectations regarding the impact of inflation on sales, gross margin rates and gross profit dollars;
•our expectations regarding gross margins in fiscal 2022;
•our plans regarding cost savings, including our target for cost savings through fiscal 2024 and the impact of costs savings on the company;
•our expectations that divestitures in fiscal 2021 will facilitate our efforts to prioritize our focus and investments on our core business;
•our belief that our purpose will allow us to grow substantially faster than the foodservice distribution industry and deliver profitable growth through our recipe for growth transformation, and statements regarding our plans with respect to our strategic pillars that support this growth transformation;
•our expectations regarding the investment of remaining cash generated from operations;
•the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of the u.s. retirement plan;
•the sufficiency of our available liquidity to sustain our operations for multiple years;
•estimates regarding the outcome of legal proceedings;
•the impact of seasonal trends on our free cash flow;
•our expectations regarding the use of remaining cash generated from operations;
•estimates regarding our capital expenditures and the sources of financing for our capital expenditures;
•our expectations regarding the impact of potential acquisitions and sales of assets on our liquidity, borrowing capacity, leverage ratios and capital availability;
•our expectations regarding real sales growth in the u.s. foodservice market;
•our expectations regarding trends in produce markets;
•our expectations regarding the calculation of adjusted return on invested capital, adjusted operating income, adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted earnings per share;
•our expectations regarding the impact of future certain items on our projected future non-gaap and gaap results;
•our expectations regarding our effective tax rate in fiscal 2022;
•the sufficiency of our mechanisms for managing working capital and competitive pressures, and our beliefs regarding the impact of these mechanisms;
•our ability to meet future cash requirements, including the ability to access financial markets effectively, including issuances of debt securities, and maintain sufficient liquidity;
•our expectations regarding the payment of dividends, and the growth of our dividend, in the future;
•our expectations regarding future activity under our share repurchase program;
•future compliance with the covenants under our revolving credit facility;
•our ability to effectively access the commercial paper market and long-term capital markets;
•the expected redemption of $450 million of debt maturing in the next 12 months;
•our intention to repay our long-term debt with cash on hand, cash flow from operations, issuances of commercial paper, issuances of senior notes, or a combination thereof.
these statements are based on management's current expectations and estimates; actual results may differ materially due in part to the risk factors set forth below and those within part i, item 1a of this document:
•the impact and effects of public health crises, pandemics and epidemics, such as the recent outbreak of covid-19, and the adverse impact thereof on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including, but not limited to, our growth, product costs, supply chain, labor availability, logistical capabilities, customer demand for our products and industry demand generally, consumer spending, our liquidity, the price of our securities and trading markets with respect thereto, our ability to access capital markets, and the global economy and financial markets generally;
•the risk that if sales from our locally managed customers do not grow at the same rate as sales from multi-unit customers, our gross margins may decline;
•the risk that we are unlikely to be able to predict inflation over the long term, and lower inflation is likely to produce lower gross profit;
•periods of significant or prolonged inflation or deflation and their impact on our product costs and profitability generally;
•the risk that our efforts to modify truck routing, including our small truck initiative, in order to reduce outbound transportation costs may be unsuccessful;
•the risk that we may not be able to accelerate and/or identify additional administrative cost savings in order to compensate for any gross profit or supply chain cost leverage challenges;
•risks related to unfavorable conditions in north america and europe and the impact on our results of operations and financial condition;
•the risks related to our efforts to implement our transformation initiatives and meet our other long-term strategic objectives, including the risk that these efforts may not provide the expected benefits in our anticipated time frame, if at all, and may prove costlier than expected; the risk that the actual costs of any initiatives may be greater or less than currently expected; and the risk of adverse effects to us if past and future undertakings and the associated changes to our business do not prove to be cost effective or do not result in the level of cost savings and other benefits that we anticipated;
•the impact of unexpected future changes to our business initiatives based on management's subjective evaluation of our overall business needs;
•the risk that the actual costs of any business initiatives may be greater or less than currently expected;
•the risk that competition in our industry and the impact of gpos may adversely impact our margins and our ability to retain customers and make it difficult for us to maintain our market share, growth rate and profitability;
•the risk that our relationships with long-term customers may be materially diminished or terminated;
•the risk that changes in consumer eating habits could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations;
•the risk that changes in applicable tax laws or regulations and the resolution of tax disputes could negatively affect our financial results;
•the risk that we may not be able to fully compensate for increases in fuel costs, and forward purchase commitments intended to contain fuel costs could result in above market fuel costs;
•the risk of interruption of supplies and increase in product costs as a result of conditions beyond our control;
•the potential impact on our reputation and earnings of adverse publicity or lack of confidence in our products;
•risks related to unfavorable changes to the mix of locally managed customers versus corporate-managed customers;
•the risk that we may not realize anticipated benefits from our operating cost reduction efforts;
•difficulties in successfully expanding into international markets and complimentary lines of business;
•the potential impact of product liability claims;
•the risk that we fail to comply with requirements imposed by applicable law or government regulations;
•risks related to our ability to effectively finance and integrate acquired businesses;
•risks related to our access to borrowed funds in order to grow and any default by us under our indebtedness that could have a material adverse impact on cash flow and liquidity;
•our level of indebtedness and the terms of our indebtedness could adversely affect our business and liquidity position;
•the risk that the implementation of various initiatives, the timing and successful completion of acquisitions, construction schedules and the possibility that other cash requirements could result in delays or cancellations of capital spending;
•the risk that divestiture of one or more of our businesses may not provide the anticipated effects on our operations;
•the risk that brexit may adversely impact our operations in the u.k., including those of the brakes group;
•the risk that future labor disruptions or disputes could disrupt the integration of brake france and davigel into sysco france and our operations in france and the eu generally;
•the risk that factors beyond management's control, including fluctuations in the stock market, as well as management's future subjective evaluation of the company's needs, would impact the timing of share repurchases;
•due to our reliance on technology, any technology disruption or delay in implementing new technology could have a material negative impact on our business;
•the risk that a cybersecurity incident and other technology disruptions could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers;
•the risk that changes in the method of determining libor, or the replacement of libor with an alternative reference rate, may adversely affect interest expense related to outstanding debt;
•the potential requirement to pay material amounts under our multiemployer defined benefit pension plans;
•our funding requirements for our company-sponsored qualified pension plan may increase should financial markets experience future declines;
•labor issues, including the renegotiation of union contracts and shortage of qualified labor;
•capital expenditures may vary based on changes in business plans and other factors, including risks related to the implementation of various initiatives, the timing and successful completion of acquisitions, construction schedules and the possibility that other cash requirements could result in delays or cancellations of capital spending;
•the risk that the anti-takeover benefits provided by our preferred stock may not be viewed as beneficial to stockholders; and
•the risk that the exclusive forum provisions in our amended and restated bylaws could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.
