item 1a.    risk factors investing in our company involves risk. investors should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information contained within this report. the risks set forth below are those that management believes are most likely to have a material adverse effect on us. investors are encouraged to read each risk factor as related and interconnected to the other risk factors set forth in this section. however, the risks set forth below are not a comprehensive description of the risks facing our company. we may also be subject to other risks or uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial but may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. if the following risks or uncertainties, individually or in combination, actually occur, they may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations or prospects. see also "cautionary statement pursuant to safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995."
risks related to our company and operations the coronavirus pandemic, efforts to mitigate or disrupt the coronavirus pandemic and related weak, or weakening of, economic or other negative conditions, have disrupted, and may continue to disrupt our business, which has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our operations, liquidity, financial condition and financial results.
our business has been, and we currently expect will continue to be, materially and adversely affected by the ongoing coronavirus pandemic and related weak, or weakening of, economic or other negative conditions, particularly in regions where we derive a significant amount of our revenue or profit or where our suppliers and business partners are located, including those in regions of our americas segment and emea&apac segment. therefore, unfavorable macroeconomic conditions, including as a result of the coronavirus pandemic and any resulting recession or slowed economic growth, have had, and could continue to have, an outsized negative impact on us. specifically, the coronavirus pandemic has disrupted, and we currently expect it to continue to disrupt, our business and we also continue to expect certain associated financial impacts. those impacts include, but are not limited to, lower net sales in markets affected by the coronavirus pandemic, including potential material shifts in, and impacts to, demand, the inability to sell our products to on-premise consumers and further disruption to the on-premise channel, including staged on premise re-openings and subsequent closure of on-premise accounts, our ability to pay a dividend, the delay of, and potential increased costs related to, inflation in the overall macro economy, our supply chain, inventory production and fulfillment including packaging availability impacted by package mix shifts based on the prevalence of different packaging types for on-premise and off-premise channels, and lower return rates of our returnable packaging in certain markets, potentially impacting net sales and cost of goods globally and increased incremental costs associated with mitigating the effects of the coronavirus pandemic, including increased raw materials, freight and logistics costs and other expenses and disruptions. continued disruption and declines in the global economy have impacted and could continue to impact our customers' liquidity and capital resources and therefore our ability to collect, or the timeliness of collection of our accounts receivable from them, which may have a material adverse impact on our performance, cash flows and capital resources. the coronavirus pandemic is ongoing, and its dynamic nature, including uncertainties relating to the continued spread of the virus, newer variants, the severity of the disease, which can depend on the particular variant, the duration of the coronavirus pandemic, the efficacy of the vaccines and vaccine boosters against the coronavirus and related variants and related vaccination efforts and associated prolonged weakening of economic or other negative conditions, such as a recession or slowed economic growth in our markets, and actions that may be taken by governmental authorities to attempt to mitigate the impact of the coronavirus pandemic, makes it difficult to forecast any effects on our results of operations for 2022 and in subsequent years. however, our results of operations in 2020 and 2021 were negatively affected and we currently expect our results of operations for 2022 could be significantly adversely affected.
in addition, the coronavirus pandemic and related efforts to mitigate its spread, have impacted, and may continue to impact for the foreseeable future, customer traffic to the on-premise channel, which includes bars, restaurants and sporting events, festivals and other large venues. many governmental authorities across the geographic regions in our americas and emea&apac segments have required that bars and restaurants limit, close or cease sit-down service at points during 2020, 2021 and to-date in 2022, which has negatively impacted the results of operations in our americas and emea&apac segments, and we expect will continue to negatively impact on-premise sales of our beverages and previously led to the incurrence of costs to repurchase products that on-premise accounts or distributors were unable or prohibited from selling as a result of the governmental regulations. despite the reopening of on-premise accounts in certain of our markets during 2021, sales to restaurants and bars have not returned to pre-coronavirus pandemic levels and in many instances, the reopened on-premise accounts have been subsequently forced to close at various times in certain of our markets as a result of an increase in the spread of the coronavirus or the outbreak of new variants. we currently expect that closures and reduced on-premise consumption may continue for an unknown period, negatively impacting our net sales and margins. we also expect some on-premise accounts will again see a decrease in demand in certain markets in our americas segment and our emea&apac segment in the winter months, which may again reduce or eliminate their outdoor seating capacity and affect the results of our operations in our americas and emea&apac segments. in addition, sporting events, festivals and other large public table of contents gatherings where our products are served have been canceled or permitted to take place only with limited attendance by the public throughout the geographies included in our americas and emea&apac segments. additionally, these and other governmental or societal impositions of restrictions on public gatherings, especially if prolonged in nature, will have adverse effects on on-premise traffic and, in turn, our business. even if such measures are relaxed at certain points in time and the coronavirus does not continue to spread as rapidly as in recent months, or if after the coronavirus pandemic has subsided, fear of re-occurrence or the perceived risk of infection or health risk may adversely affect traffic to the on-premise channel and, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, particularly if any self-imposed or governmental changes are in place for a significant amount of time.
moreover, our operations could be disrupted by our employees or employees of our business partners, including our supply chain partners, being diagnosed with coronavirus or being suspected of having coronavirus or other illnesses since this could require us or our business partners to quarantine some or all such employees or close and disinfect our or their facilities. in late 2021, our u.s. and canada corporate office and certain field sales employees who were working remotely returned to their respective work offices on a part-time basis. if a significant percentage of our workforce or the workforce of our business partners are unable to work or if we or our business partners are required to close our or their office or production facilities, including because of illness, the risks of which may be increased due to employees returning to work, or travel or government restrictions in connection with the coronavirus pandemic, our operations, including manufacturing and distribution capabilities, may be negatively impacted, potentially materially adversely affecting our business, liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. in addition, if governments elect to mandate the vaccine or regular testing of employees, such impositions may cause workforce shortages, particularly in our supply chain and with our supply chain partners, which could similarly have a negative impact on our operations including increased costs to implement such mandates.
the global beer industry and the broader alcohol industry are constantly evolving, and our position within the global beer industry and our markets in which we operate may fundamentally change. if we do not successfully transform along with evolving industry and market dynamics, then the result could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.  the brewing industry has significantly evolved over the years becoming an increasingly global beer market. for many years, the industry operated primarily on local presence with modest international expansion achieved through export, license and partnership arrangements. in contrast, it has now become increasingly complex as the global consolidation of brewers has resulted in fewer major market participants. at the same time, smaller local brewers within certain geographies are seeing accelerated growth as consumers increasingly place value on locally-produced and/or regionally-sourced products. as a result of the increased global consolidation of brewers and the dynamic of an expanding new segment within the industry with new market entrants, the markets in which we operate, particularly the more mature markets, may evolve at a disadvantage to our current market position and local governments may intervene, which may fundamentally accelerate transformational changes to such markets. for example, the u.s. and canada beer markets have long consisted of a select number of significant market participants with government-regulated routes to market. however, evolution in these markets and our other beer markets, together with emerging changes to consumer preferences, have introduced a significant increase in market entrants and resulted in increased consumer choice and market competition, as well as increased government scrutiny. specifically, the markets in which we operate have experienced vast expansion in above premium, specifically in craft beer, cider, flavored malt beverages (including hard seltzers), ready to drink beverages, spirit-based beverages, cbd and other cannabis beverages and other similar beverages. if our competitors are able to respond more quickly to the evolving trends within the craft beer, hard seltzer, flavored malt beverages, ready to drink malt-based, sugar-based and spirits-based beverages, cbd and other cannabis beverages and other similar beverages categories, or if our new products in these categories are not successful, our business and financial results may be adversely impacted. in addition, certain states in the u.s. have passed or are considering passing, and canada has passed, laws and regulations that allow the sale and distribution of cannabis. currently, it is not possible to predict the impact of this on sales of alcoholic beverages but it is possible that legal cannabis usage could adversely impact the demand for our products. furthermore, imported beers also continue to compete aggressively in the u.s. in canada, changes to interprovincial trade rules, regulations, distribution models, and packaging requirements, such as government-owned retail outlets and industry standard returnable bottles, may be disadvantageous to us. currently, in ontario and other provinces, provincial governments are reviewing and/or changing this historical foundation as a result of this market evolution and increased demand by some for government's intervention to remove distribution regulations, including potential changes to the beer distribution and the retail systems in ontario as discussed below.
we also compete generally with other alcoholic beverages. we compete with other beer and beverage companies not only for legal age drinker acceptance and loyalty, but also for shelf, cold box and tap space in retail establishments and for marketing focus by our distributors and their customers, all of which also distribute and sell other beers and alcoholic beverage products.
in addition, the broader alcohol industry is experiencing a rapid shift in drinking preferences and behaviors. we believe this has been driven by a generational demographic shift away from beer in particular towards other alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. as discussed above, even within the beer industry we have seen a shift away from the traditionally most popular beer brands and segments and a corresponding expansion in above premium beers, including craft and import beers along with table of contents the expansion of hard seltzers, flavored malt beverages, ready to drink malt-based, sugar-based and spirits-based beverages, cbd and other cannabis beverages and other similar beverages. accordingly, under the revitalization plan we announced in 2019, we are striving to achieve more consistent topline growth by growing our above premium beer offerings, expanding beyond beer and into adjacent alcohol and non-alcohol beverage categories. however, if we are unsuccessful in evolving with, and navigating through, the changes to the markets in which we operate, there could be a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
competition in our markets could require us to reduce prices or increase capital and other expenditures or cause us to lose sales volume, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.    in many of our markets, our primary competitors have greater financial, marketing, production and distribution resources than we do, and may be more diverse in terms of their geographies and brand portfolios. furthermore, our competitors may respond to industry and economic conditions and shifts in consumer behaviors more rapidly or effectively than us. in order for us to remain competitive, we will need to quickly and correctly continue to adopt digital technologies, build analytical capabilities and scale brand expense investment levels, particularly following the coronavirus pandemic, which our competitors may be able to achieve faster and with more resources. in all of the markets in which we operate, aggressive marketing strategies, such as reduced pricing, brand positioning, and increased capital or other investments by these competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. in addition, continuing consolidation among major global brewers and between brewers and other beverage companies and convergence of beverage categories may lead to stronger or new competitors, loss of partner brands, negative impacts on our distributor networks, alternate distribution networks and pressures from marketing and pricing tactics by competitors. further consolidation of distributors in our industry could reduce our ability to promote our brands in the markets in a manner that enhances rather than diminishes our brands' value, as well as reduce our ability to manage our pricing effectively and efficiently. additionally, due to competition with brewers and other beverage companies, an increase in the purchasing power of our large competitors may cause further pricing pressures which could prevent us from increasing prices to recover higher costs necessary to compete. such pressures could have a material adverse impact on our business and our financial results and market share. failure to generate significant cost savings and margin improvement through our ongoing initiatives could adversely affect our profitability. increased pressures for reduced pricing or difficulties in increasing prices while remaining competitive within our markets, as well as the need for increased capital investment, marketing and other expenditures could result in lower margins or loss of market share and volumes. moreover, most of our major markets are mature, so growth opportunities may be more limited to us than to our global competitors. for example, net sales in our americas segment accounted for approximately 83% of our total 2021 net sales. as a result, to the extent that we are unable to maintain or grow our market share in our mature markets, our sales and, in turn, business and financial results could be materially and adversely affected.
our success as an enterprise currently depends largely on the success of relatively few products in several mature markets specific to the beer industry; if consumer preferences shift away from our products, consumption of our products decline or we are unable to successfully and timely innovate beyond beer, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected.    our coors light and miller lite brands in the u.s., coors light, molson canadian, coors original and carling brands in canada, collectively, our brands in the americas, and carling, staropramen, jelen, bergenbier and coors brands in emea&apac represented more than half of each respective segment's sales volumes in 2021. additionally, several of our brands represent a significant share of their respective market, therefore continued volatility in these markets could disproportionately impact the performance of these brands. consequently, any material shift in consumer preferences away from these brands, or from the categories in which they compete, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. consumer preferences and tastes may shift away from our brands or beer generally due to, among others, changing taste preferences, demographics, downturn in economic conditions or perceived value, as well as changes in consumers' perception of our brands due to negative publicity, regulatory actions or litigation. recently, there has been more attention focused on health concerns and the harmful consumption of alcoholic beverages which could result in a change in the social acceptability of beer and other alcoholic beverages which could materially impact the consumption of beer, other alcohol beverages and our sales. additionally, there has been a shift in consumer preferences within the total beer market away from premium brands to above premium beers, including "craft beer" produced by smaller, regional microbreweries, as well as a shift within the total alcohol beverage market from beer to wine and spirits and continued shifts away from premium brands could impact our future results of operations in the americas and emea&apac segments. more recently, the rapid growth of hard seltzers in the u.s. may have shifted some consumers away from our brands and premium beer generally. moreover, several of our major markets are mature and we have a significant share in such markets, therefore, small movements in consumer preference, such as consumer shifts away from premium light brands, can also disproportionately impact our results. although the ultimate impact is currently unknown, the emergence of legal cannabis in certain states in the u.s. and in canada may result in a shift of discretionary income away from our products or a change in consumer preferences table of contents away from beer or our other products. as a result, a shift in consumer preferences away from our products or beer or a decline in the consumption of our products could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
furthermore, as part of our revitalization plan, our future topline growth will depend, in part, on our ability to timely innovate and develop new products beyond traditional beer. in connection with our revitalization plan, we plan to continue to innovate, test and scale products faster than we have before. however, the launch and ongoing success of new products are inherently uncertain, especially with respect to consumer appeal. the launch of a new product can give rise to a variety of costs and an unsuccessful launch or short-lived popularity of our product innovations could, among other things, affect consumer perception of our existing brands and our reputation as well as result in inventory write-offs and other costs. in addition, the coronavirus pandemic has altered, and in some cases, delayed product innovation efforts. we were making progress against these ambitions before the impact of the coronavirus pandemic became widespread throughout the markets in our americas and emea&apac segments. our inability to attract consumers to our product innovations relative to our competitors' products, especially over time, could negatively affect our growth, business, and financial results.
the success of our business relies heavily on brand image, reputation, product quality and protection of intellectual property.    it is important that we maintain and increase the image and reputation of our existing brands and products. concerns about product quality, even when unsubstantiated, could be harmful to our image and the reputation of our brands and products. while we have quality control programs in place, in the event we or our third-party manufacturers experience an issue with product quality or if any of our products become unsafe or unfit for consumption, are misbranded or cause injury, we may experience recalls or liability in addition to business disruption which could further negatively impact brand image and reputation, negatively affect our sales and cause us to incur additional costs. a widespread product recall, multiple product recalls or a significant product liability judgment could cause our products to be unavailable for a period, which could further reduce consumer demand and brand equity. our brand image and reputation may also be more difficult to protect due to less oversight and control as a result of the outsourcing of some of our operations. we also could be exposed to lawsuits relating to product liability, marketing or sales practices or intellectual property infringement. deterioration to our brand equity may be difficult to combat or reverse and could have a material effect on our business and financial results. in addition, because our brands carry family names or we may partner with celebrities or other famous sponsors, personal activities by certain members of the molson or coors families or our promotional partners that harm their public image or reputation could also have an adverse effect on our brands or our company. further, our success is dependent on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, including trademarks, patents, domain names, trade secrets and know-how. we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights will be sufficient or that third parties will not infringe upon or misappropriate these rights or that other parties may claim that our brands infringe on their intellectual property rights. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
changes in the social acceptability, perceptions and the political view of the beverage categories in which we operate, including alcohol and cannabis, could adversely affect our business. in recent years, there has been an increase in public and political attention on health and well-being as it relates to the alcohol beverage and other categories in which we operate including cannabis. in addition, the alcoholic beverage industry is regularly the subject of anti-alcohol activist activity related to the health concerns from the harmful use of alcohol and concerns regarding underage drinking and exposure to alcohol advertisements. negative publicity regarding beer and changes in consumer perceptions in relation to beer, other alcoholic, cbd, or other cannabinoid beverages could adversely affect the sale and consumption of our products which could, in turn, adversely affect our business and financial conditions. the changing legal landscape with respect to cannabis and the lack of consumer market data makes it difficult to predict the pace at which the cannabis market may grow, if at all, and the products that consumers will purchase in the cannabis marketplace. additionally, the concerns around alcohol, cbd and cannabis as well as health and well-being could result in unfavorable regulations or other legal requirements in certain of our markets, such as advertising, selling and other restrictions, increased taxes associated with our sales, or the establishment of minimum unit pricing. any such regulations or requirements could change consumer and customer purchasing patterns, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. in particular, advocates of prohibition and other severe restrictions on the marketing and sales of alcohol are becoming increasingly organized and coordinated on a global basis, seeking to impose laws or regulations or to bring actions against us, to curtail substantially the consumption of alcohol, including beer, in developed and developing markets. to the extent such views gain traction in regulations of jurisdictions in which we do or plan to do business, they could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. for example, in february 2021, the european union published its europe beating cancer plan. as part of the plan, by the end of 2023, the european union will issue a proposal for mandatory health warnings on alcohol beverage product labels.
weak, or weakening of, economic or other negative conditions in the markets in which we do business, including reductions in discretionary consumer spending, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. beer consumption in many of our markets is closely tied to general economic conditions and a significant portion of our portfolio consists of premium and above premium brands. difficult macroeconomic conditions in our markets, such as further decreases in per capita income and level of disposable income driven by increases to inflation, income (and other) taxes, the table of contents cost of living, increased and prolonged continued unemployment or a further decline in consumer confidence, in each case, as a result of the coronavirus pandemic or otherwise, as well as limited or significantly reduced points of access of our product, political or economic instability or other country-specific factors could continue to have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products. for example, a trend towards value brands in certain of our markets or deterioration of the current economic conditions could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. a significant portion of our consolidated net sales are concentrated in the u.s., canada and countries in europe, and accordingly represent the majority of net sales within our americas and emea&apac segments, respectively. therefore, unfavorable macroeconomic conditions, such as a recession or continued slowed economic growth, in the u.s., canada or countries in europe could negatively affect consumer demand for our product in these important markets, which consequently, may negatively affect the results of operations in our americas and emea&apac segments. under difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products, by shifting away from our above premium products to lower-priced products offered by us or other companies or by shifting to off-premise from on-premise consumption, negatively impacting our net sales and margins. softer consumer demand for our products could reduce our profitability and could negatively affect our overall financial performance.
in addition, global markets continue to face threats and uncertainty. future changes to u.s. or foreign tax and trade, policies, impositions of new or increased tariffs, other trade restrictions or other government actions, including any government shutdown, foreign currency fluctuations, including devaluations and fear of exposure to or actual impacts of a widespread disease outbreak, such as the coronavirus pandemic, may lead to continuation of such risks and uncertainty. uncertain economic and financial market conditions may also adversely affect the financial condition of our customers, suppliers and other business partners. any significant decrease in consumers' purchases of our products or our inability to collect accounts receivable, resulting from an adverse impact of the global markets on consumers' financial condition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
esg issues, including those related to climate change and sustainability, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and damage our reputation. companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny relating to their esg practices and policies. increased focus and activism related to esg may hinder our access to capital, as investors may reconsider their capital investment as a result of their assessment of our esg practices. in particular, investor advocacy groups, institutional investors, other market participants, stockholders, employees, consumers and customers have increasingly focused on esg practices of companies, including sustainability performance and risk mitigation efforts. these stakeholders have placed increased importance on esg practices and their effect on companies from an investor, consumer, customer or employee perspective. if our esg practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our stock price, brand, sales, ability to access capital markets, reputation and employee retention, among other things, may be negatively affected.
in addition, as part of our company's our imprint 2025 strategy, we have published goals across a range of esg areas, including alcohol responsibility, environmental sustainability and dei matters. if we do not adapt to or comply with, new esg regulations, including climate change and related esg disclosure requirements, or fail to meet the esg goals under our imprint 2025 strategy or evolving investor, industry or stakeholder expectations and standards, or if we are perceived (whether or not valid) to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for esg issues, customers and consumers may choose to stop purchasing our products or purchase products from another company or a competitor, and our reputation, business or financial condition may be adversely affected. although we intend to meet these goals, we may be required to expend significant resources to do so, which could increase our operational costs. moreover, we may determine that it is in the best interest of our company and our stockholders to prioritize other business, social, governance or sustainable investments over the achievement of our current goals based on economic, technological developments, regulatory and social factors, business strategy or pressure from investors, activist groups or other stakeholders. if we are unable to meet these commitments, then we could incur adverse publicity and reaction from investors, activist groups or other stakeholders, which could adversely impact the perception of us and our products and services by current and potential customers, as well as investors, which could in turn adversely impact our results of operations.
climate change and other weather events may negatively affect our business and financial results.  there is concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures could cause significant changes in global weather patterns and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. global climate change is expected to have various impacts on our operations, ranging from more frequent extreme weather events to extensive governmental policy developments and shifts in consumer preferences, which have the potential individually or collectively to significantly disrupt our business as well as negatively affect our suppliers, supply chain and customers. changing weather patterns and more volatile weather conditions could result in decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions that may impact quality, limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, such as hops, barley and other cereal grains, which are important ingredients for our products. increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions, including power disruptions due to the foregoing, table of contents could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain, distribution networks and routes to market, or impact demand for our products, any of which may cause us to experience additional costs to maintain or resume operations.
public concern over climate change has resulted in, and may continue to result in, new or increased regional, federal and global legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate carbon emissions, to limit or impose additional costs on carbon and water usage or other climate-related objectives. in the event that such regulation is more stringent than current regulatory obligations, or the measures that we are currently undertaking to monitor and improve our resource efficiency, we may experience disruptions in, or increases in our costs of, operation and delivery due to investments in facilities and equipment or the relocation of our facilities. in particular, new regulation and taxation of fuel and energy could increase the cost of operation, including fuel required to operate our facilities or transport and distribute our products, thereby increasing the distribution and supply chain costs associated with our products.
there is also increased focus, including by governmental and non-governmental organizations, investors, customers and consumers on environmental sustainability matters, such as packaging waste, climate impact and water use. our reputation could be damaged if we or others in our industry do not act, or are perceived not to act, responsibly with respect to our impact on the environment. any failure to achieve our enterprise-wide sustainability goals, or perception (whether or not valid) of our failure to act responsibly, or to effectively respond to new, or changes in, environmental, legal or regulatory requirements could adversely affect our business, reputation or financial condition.
beyond the commercial pressures implicated by climate change concerns, our operations may face potential adverse physical effects. for example, we have a major brewery in the state of colorado, which has recently experienced several major wildfires, and we have another major brewery in texas, which experienced a severe winter weather event in 2021. if any of these or other of our properties and production facilities were to experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss due to natural disasters or severe weather events, it could delay or disrupt production, shipments, and revenue, and result in potentially significant expenses to repair or replace these properties.
an inadequate supply or availability of quality water could have a material adverse effect on, among other things, our sales, production processes, other costs and, in turn, profitability. quality water is a key ingredient in our brewing process. clean water is a limited resource in many parts of the world and climate change may increase water scarcity and cause a deterioration of water quality in areas where we maintain brewing operations. the competition for water among domestic, agricultural and manufacturing users is increasing in some of our brewing communities and communities in which we or our suppliers manufacture our other products. even where water is widely available, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain our operations. further, unavailability of clean water at our breweries or our other facilities or the facilities of our suppliers could limit our ability to brew, which could cause a decrease in production.
we have substantial brewery operations in the states of colorado and texas, which have been areas vulnerable to water scarcity conditions. certain western u.s. states are experiencing an extended period of drought, which can impact the quality and quantity of agricultural ingredients such as barley and hops, and a recurrence of such conditions could have an adverse effect upon our agricultural supply chain. we and our suppliers are dependent on sufficient amounts of quality water for operation of our breweries and key facilities and the key facilities of our significant suppliers. the suppliers of the agricultural raw materials we purchase are also dependent upon sufficient supplies of quality water for their fields. a substantial reduction in water in certain agricultural areas could result in material losses of crops, such as barley or hops, which could lead to a shortage of our product supply. if water available to our operations or the operations of our suppliers becomes scarce or the quality of that water deteriorates, we may incur increased production costs or face production constraints.
table of contents loss, operational disruptions or closure of a major brewery or other key facility, including those of our suppliers, due to unforeseen or catastrophic events or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. our business could be interrupted and our financial results could be materially adversely impacted by physical risks such as earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, floods, acts of war, terror attacks, cyber-attacks and other disruptions in information technology systems, including the march 2021 cybersecurity incident discussed in more detail below, disease outbreaks or pandemics, such as the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, and other natural disasters or catastrophic events that damage, disrupt or destroy one of our breweries or key facilities or the key facilities of our significant suppliers. climate change and warmer global temperatures may also increase the intensity and frequency of these extreme weather events. if any of our breweries or key facilities or the key facilities of our significant suppliers were to experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss, it could delay or disrupt production, shipments and revenue, and result in potentially significant expenses to repair or replace these properties. such significant disruptions could be due to, among other things, the loss or disruption of the timely availability of adequate supplies of essential raw materials, including as a result of cyber-attacks and other disruptions in information technology systems; illness to our respective employees or their families or governmental restrictions on such employees' ability to travel or perform necessary business functions or as a result of the need for us or our suppliers to operate our respective businesses with substantial modifications to employee travel and employee work locations; transportation and logistics challenges, including as a result of port and border closures and other governmental restrictions and the availability and capacity of shipping channels as customers may shift to increased online shopping; and the loss or disruption of other manufacturing, distribution and supply capabilities. recently, we experienced certain of the foregoing risks and losses in connection with the march 2021 cybersecurity incident. additionally, certain catastrophes are not covered by our general insurance policies, which could result in significant unrecoverable losses. furthermore, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted by under-investment in physical assets or production capacity, including contract brewing and effect on priority of our brands if production capacity is limited. further, significant excess capacity at any of our breweries as a result of increased efficiencies in our supply chain process or continued volume declines, could result in under-utilization of our assets, which could lead to excess overhead expenses or additional costs incurred associated with the closure of one or more of our facilities. for example, as part of a strategic review of our supply chain network, certain breweries and bottling lines were closed in recent years, and we have incurred brewery closure costs, including charges associated with the planned closure of the irwindale brewery in 2020, which was subsequently sold to pabst brewing company, llc, in the fourth quarter of 2020. we regularly review our supply chain network to ensure that our supply chain capacity is aligned with the needs of the business. such reviews could potentially result in further closures and the related costs could be material.
in addition, we have experienced minor temporary workforce disruptions in our supply chain as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. we have implemented employee safety measures, based on guidance from the centers for disease control and prevention, the occupational safety and health administration and world health organization, across all our supply chain facilities, including proper hygiene, social distancing and mask use. these measures may not be sufficient to prevent the spread of the coronavirus among our employees and illness, travel restrictions, absenteeism or other workforce disruptions could negatively affect our supply chain, manufacturing, distribution or other business processes. we may face additional production disruptions in the future which may place constraints on our ability to produce products in a timely manner or may increase our costs. for instance, if a government or other regulatory authority were to impose mandatory vaccination or testing requirements, this could significantly increase our costs and could cause significant workforce disruptions and negatively impact our hiring and retention of employees, all of which could negatively affect our supply chain, manufacturing, distribution or other business processes.
due to a high concentration of workers represented by unions or trade councils in our americas and emea&apac segments, we could be significantly affected by labor strikes, work stoppages or other employee-related issues. as of december 31, 2021, approximately 32% and 26% of our americas and emea&apac workforces, respectively, are represented by trade unions or councils. stringent labor laws in certain of our key markets expose us to a greater risk of loss should we experience labor disruptions in those markets. a prolonged labor strike, work stoppage or other employee-related issue, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. for example, in the first few months of 2021, we experienced a labor disruption with our toronto brewery unionized employees resulting from on-going negotiations of the collective bargaining agreement. this labor disruption resulted in slightly slower than expected production at the toronto brewery in the first few months of 2021. from time to time, our collective bargaining agreements come due for renegotiation, and, if we are unable to timely complete negotiations, affected employees may strike, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. for example, in late 2021 and 2022 we have been negotiating collective bargaining agreements with our québec unionized sales, distribution and brewery employees. although we believe that our relations with the labor unions that represent our québec employees are generally good, no assurance can be made that we will successfully negotiate those agreements and unsuccessful negotiations may affect our business and operations. if a strike or lockout were to occur, it could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.
because of our reliance on third-party service providers and internal and outsourced systems for our information technology and certain other administrative functions, we could experience a disruption to our business.    we rely table of contents extensively on information services providers worldwide for our information technology functions including network, help desk, hardware and software configuration. additionally, we rely on internal networks and information systems and other technology, including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments. we use information systems for certain human resource activities and to process our employee benefits, as well as to process financial information for internal and external reporting purposes and to comply with various reporting, legal and tax requirements. as information systems are critical to many of our operating activities, our business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions, obsolescence, or security breaches. furthermore, the importance of such information technology systems and networks and systems has increased due to many of our employees working remotely as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. additionally, if one of our service providers were to fail and we were unable to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner, we could be unable to properly administer our outsourced functions.
a breach of our information systems could cause material financial or reputational harm. our information systems may be the target of cyber-attacks or other security breaches, which, if successful, could, among other things, cause a disruption to our operations, expose us to the loss of key business, employee, customer or vendor information, cause us to breach our legal, regulatory or contractual obligations, generate a disruption in the continuity of our business applications and services, create an inability to access or rely upon critical business records, cause reputational damage, or impact the costs or ability to obtain adequate insurance coverage. these breaches may result from human errors, equipment failure, or fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties. a breach of our information systems, including the march 2021 cybersecurity incident disclosed in part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation in this report, could subject us to litigation, including class action or derivative lawsuits regulatory fines, and penalties, any of which could have a significant negative impact on our cash flows, competitive position, reputation, financial condition or results of operation. if our information systems suffer outages we could experience delays and disruptions in our business, including brewery operations, production and shipments, such as those we experienced with the march 2021 cybersecurity incident. in addition, if our information systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, such as those we experienced with the march 2021 cybersecurity incident, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results, and we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely invoice and collect payments from customers. we have seen an increase in the number of such attacks recently as a large number of our employees are working remotely and accessing our technology infrastructure remotely as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. in addition, the march 2021 cybersecurity incident may embolden other individuals or groups to target our information systems and impact the costs or ability for us to obtain adequate insurance coverages moving forward. further, such attacks may originate from nation states or attempts by outside parties, hackers, criminal organizations or other threat actors.
we expend significant financial resources to protect against threats and cyber-attacks and may be required to further expend financial resources to alleviate problems caused by physical, electronic and cyber security breaches, including the potential for increased ongoing expense related to the march 2021 cybersecurity incident and to address possible increased information system attacks as a result of the incident. as techniques used to breach security are growing in frequency and sophistication and are generally not recognized until launched against a target, regardless of our expenditures and protection efforts, we may not be able to implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented, these measures could be circumvented. we could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and information systems, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. for example, we incurred certain incremental one-time costs of $2.4 million in the year ended december 31, 2021 related to consultants, experts and data recovery efforts, net of insurance recoveries.
misuse, leakage or falsification of information could result in a violation of data privacy laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the european union's general data protection regulation, california privacy rights act, which will take effect on january 1, 2023, or the virginia consumer data protection act, which will take effect on january 1, 2023, damage our reputation and credibility or expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, loss of existing or potential future customers and/or increases in our security costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. in addition, we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential information and may become subject to legal action and increased regulatory oversight or consumers may avoid our brands due to negative publicity. in the event of a breach resulting in loss of data, such as personally identifiable information or other such data protected by data privacy or other laws, we may be liable for damages, fines and penalties for such losses under applicable regulatory frameworks despite not handling the data. further, the regulatory framework around data custody, data privacy and breaches varies by jurisdiction and is an evolving area of law. we may not be able to limit our liability or damages in the event of such a loss.
poor investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting pension plan costs could unfavorably affect our business, liquidity and our financial results.    our costs of providing defined benefit pension plans are dependent upon a number of factors, such as the rates of return on the plans' assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, exchange rate fluctuations, government regulation, court table of contents rulings or other changes in legal requirements, global equity prices, and our required and/or voluntary contributions to the plans. while we comply with the minimum funding requirements, we have certain qualified pension plans with obligations which exceed the value of the plans' assets. these funding requirements also may require contributions even when there is no reported deficit. without sustained growth in the pension investments over time to increase the value of the plans' assets, and depending upon the other factors as listed above, we could be required to fund the plans with significant amounts of cash. such cash funding obligations (or the timing of such contributions) could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, credit rating, cost of borrowing, financial position and/or results of operations.
we depend on key personnel, the loss of whom could harm our business. the loss of the services and expertise of any key employee could harm our business. our future success depends on our ability to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel on a timely basis. if we were to experience turnover of senior management or if a member of our senior management were to become ill or incapacitated, our stock price, our results of operations, our commercial and supply chain operations and our vendor or customer relationships could each be adversely impacted and such events may make recruiting for future management positions more difficult. in addition, we must successfully integrate any new management personnel that we hire within our organization, or who join our organization as a result of an acquisition, in order to achieve our operating objectives, and changes in other key management positions may temporarily affect our financial performance and results of operations as new management becomes familiar with our business.
risks related to our indebtedness, capital structure and financial condition our significant debt level subjects us to financial and operating risks, and the agreements governing such debt subject us to financial and operating covenants and restrictions. our indebtedness subjects us to various financial and operating covenants, including, but not limited to, restrictions on priority indebtedness, leverage thresholds, liens, certain types of secured debt and certain types of sale lease-back transactions and transfers of assets, each of which may limit our flexibility in responding to our business needs. if we are not able to maintain compliance with stated financial covenants or if we breach other covenants in any debt agreement, we could be in default under such agreement or trigger a cross-default of other debt instruments. such a default would adversely affect our credit ratings, may allow our creditors to accelerate the related indebtedness, and may result in the acceleration of any other indebtedness to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. our significant debt level and the terms of such debt could, among other things:
•make it more difficult to satisfy our obligations under the terms of our indebtedness;
•limit our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us, or at all;
•limit our flexibility to plan for and adjust to changing business and market conditions, including successfully execute our revitalization plan, and increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, such as the current economic climate caused by the coronavirus pandemic;
•require us to make unfavorable changes to our current financing structure;
•require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to make interest and principal payments on our debt, thereby limiting the availability of our cash flow to fund future acquisitions, working capital, business activities, and other general corporate requirements;
•limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, strategic opportunities, including acquisitions or other investments, to fund growth or for general corporate purposes, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity, particularly if any ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating organizations were revised downward; and
•adversely impact our competitive position in the industry.
in addition, certain of our current and future debt and derivative financial instruments have or, in the future, could have interest rates that are tied to reference interest rates. the volatility and availability of such reference rates are out of our control. accordingly, changes to or the unavailability of such rates, could result in increases to the cost of debt which would negatively affect our profitability. for example, in march 2021, the u.k.'s financial conduct authority announced that after 2021 it would no longer persuade or compel panel banks to submit the rates required to calculate libor with the exception of the majority of u.s. dollar libor tenors ceasing at the end of june 2023. regulators, industry groups and certain committees such as the alternative reference rates committee ("arrc") have, among other things, published recommended fallback language for libor-linked financial instruments and identified recommended alternatives for certain libor rates, such as the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as a more robust reference rate alternative to usd libor. sofr is calculated based on short-term repurchase agreements, backed by treasury securities. sofr is observed and backward looking, which stands in contrast with libor under the current methodology, which is an estimated forward-looking rate and relies, to some degree, on table of contents the expert judgment of submitting panel members. given that sofr is a secured rate backed by government securities, it is a rate that does not take into account bank credit risk, as is the case with libor. sofr is therefore likely to be lower than libor and is less likely to correlate with the funding costs of financial institutions. because of these and other differences, there is no assurance that sofr will perform the same way as libor would have performed at any time, and there is no guarantee that it is a comparable substitute for libor. whether or not sofr attains market traction as a libor replacement tool remains in question.
however, the consequences of the adoption of any such alternative reference rates such as sofr cannot be predicted and could have an adverse impact on the amount of interest and commitment fees that we pay under our credit facility. likewise, the unavailability of libor may have an adverse impact on interest rates and other financing costs under other debt instruments and other financial obligations of ours, as well as the market value of and the payments we receive under any libor-linked securities or investments that we may own from time to time. in addition, financial markets generally may be adversely affected by the discontinuation of libor, the uncertainties regarding its discontinuation, the alternative reference rates that are being or may be used in place of libor and other issues related to libor. any of the foregoing could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. any such discontinuance, modification, alternative reference rates or other reforms may cause our borrowing costs to increase, which would negatively affect our profitability, and the attractiveness of borrowings under our current credit facility or future debt issuances could diminish, thereby limiting our access to capital.
a deterioration in our credit rating could increase our borrowing rates or have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain future financing or refinance current debt. ratings agencies may downgrade our credit ratings below their current investment grade levels if we are unable to meet our deleveraging commitments. while we have publicly expressed our intention to maintain an investment grade debt rating, ratings are determined by third-party rating agencies and in some cases the events that may cause us to suffer a ratings downgrade are unpredictable and outside of our control, such as the economic climate caused by the coronavirus pandemic and its impact on our business. a credit ratings downgrade, particularly a downgrade below investment grade, could increase our costs of future borrowing, negatively impact our hedging instruments or sources of short-term liquidity and harm our ability to refinance our debt in the future on acceptable terms or access the capital markets.
default by, or failure of, one or more of our counterparty financial institutions could cause us to incur significant losses. as part of our risk management activities, we enter into transactions involving derivative financial instruments, including, among others, forward contracts, commodity swap contracts and option contracts, with various financial institutions. in addition, we have significant amounts of cash and cash equivalents on deposit or in accounts with banks or other financial institutions in the u.s. and abroad. as a result, we are exposed to the risk of default by, or failure of, counterparty financial institutions. the risk of counterparty default or failure may be heightened during economic downturns and periods of uncertainty in the financial markets, including as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. if one of our counterparties were to become insolvent or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover losses incurred as a result of default or to retrieve our assets that are deposited or held in accounts with such counterparty may be limited by the counterparty's liquidity or the applicable laws governing the insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings.
our operations face significant exposure to changes in commodity and other input prices, which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results.    we use a large volume of agricultural and other raw materials, some of which are purchased through supply contracts with third parties, to produce our products, including barley, malted barley, hops, corn, other various starches, water and packaging materials, including aluminum cans and bottles, glass and polyethylene terephthalate containers, as well as, cardboard and other paper products. we also use a significant amount of diesel fuel, natural gas and electricity in our operations. the supply and price of these raw materials and commodities can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including market demand, alternative sources for suppliers, global geopolitical events (especially as to their impact on crude oil prices and the resulting impact on diesel fuel prices), global disease outbreaks or pandemics, such as the coronavirus pandemic, trade agreements among producing and consuming nations, governmental regulations, including tariffs, frosts, droughts and other weather conditions, changes in precipitation patterns, the frequency of extreme weather events, economic factors affecting growth decisions, inflation, plant diseases, theft and industry surcharges and other practices. for example, in june 2018, u.s. tariffs on aluminum imports from canada, mexico and eu went into effect (though the u.s. lifted the aluminum tariffs on canada and mexico in may 2019), which has created volatility in the price of aluminum in the u.s. and increased the price of aluminum used in some of our product packaging. in addition, in the u.s., we are exposed to variability in the market price of a regional premium differential (referred to as "midwest premium") charged by industry participants to deliver aluminum from the smelter to the manufacturing facility. this premium differential also fluctuates in relation to several conditions, including based on the supply of and demand for aluminum in a particular region, associated transportation costs and warehouse financing transactions, which limit the amount of physical aluminum available to consumers and increases the price differential as a result. during times of greater volatility in the midwest premium, the variability in our cost of goods sold can also increase. in addition to impacting the price we pay for the raw materials we purchase, changing premium differentials impact our end consumers as we must either pass on the increased cost to those consumers or experience table of contents a decrease in our profit margins as a result of the midwest premium differential. increases in the midwest premium, or the inability to pass through any fluctuation in aluminum prices or regional premiums to our end consumers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
further, despite our ability to source raw materials necessary to meet demand for our products, certain raw materials such as barely, malted barley, hops, corn, other various starches, water and packaging materials, including aluminum cans and, bottles, glass and polyethylene terephthalate containers, as well as cardboard and other paper products, have been adversely impacted by the coronavirus pandemic. in 2020, we experienced a shift in the allocation among different packaging types toward aluminum cans and bottles and away from glass bottles. this accelerated in 2020 and continued in 2021 due to the coronavirus pandemic where we observed a shift in volume to off-premise channels and aluminum cans and away from on-premise channels and glass bottles. in 2021, with the reopening of the on-premise channels, we have seen a shift in volume back to the on-premise channels and glass bottles, which led to tightness in glass bottles supplies. the shifting consumption patterns between off-premise and on-premise, and the corresponding shift between aluminum and glass bottle packaging could result in supply shortages, higher costs and out-of-stocks, which could adversely impact sales and profitability. in canada, the standard returnable bottle requires significant investment behind our returnable bottle inventory and bottling equipment. we distribute our products and receive raw materials primarily by rail or truck. reduced availability of rail or trucking capacity has caused, and could continue to cause, us to incur unanticipated expenses. in particular, reduced trucking capacity due to shortages of drivers, as a result of the coronavirus pandemic in general and in europe specifically due to the u.k.'s departure from the european union, and a federal regulation requiring drivers to electronically log their driving hours, among other reasons, have caused an increase in the cost of transportation for us and our suppliers. we believe commodity and other cost increases and volatility especially due to the coronavirus pandemic, and inflationary pressures could continue in the future. if such increases occur or exceed our estimates or projections and we are not able to increase the prices of our products or achieve cost savings to offset such cost increases, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be harmed. in addition, even if we increase the prices of our products in response to increases in the cost of commodities or other cost increases, we may not be able to sustain our price increases. sustained price increases may lead to declines in volume as competitors may not adjust their prices or consumers may decide not to pay the higher prices, which could lead to sales declines and loss of market share, and our projections may not accurately predict the volume impact of price increases, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, to the extent any of the foregoing factors affect the availability or prices of ingredients or packaging or our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in commodity price risks, including cost inflation, and we are not able to pass these increased costs along to customers, our business and financial results could also be materially adversely impacted.
our operations are dependent on the global supply chain and impacts of supply chain constraints and inflationary pressure could adversely impact our operating results. our businesses have been, and may continue to be, impacted by supply chain constraints, raw materials and ingredient shortages, resulting in inflationary pressure on material costs, longer lead times, port congestion and increased freight costs caused, in part, by the coronavirus pandemic and the uncertain economic environment. in addition, current or future governmental policies may increase the risk of inflation, which could further increase the costs of raw materials and other components for our businesses. similarly, if costs of goods continue to increase, our suppliers may seek price increases from us. if we are unable to mitigate the impact of supply chain constraints and inflationary pressure through price increases or other measures, our results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted. even if we are able to raise the prices of our products, consumers might react negatively to such price increases, which could have a material adverse effect on, among other things, our brand, reputation and sales. if our competitors maintain or substantially lower their prices, we may lose customers and mark down prices. our profitability may be impacted by prices that do not offset the inflationary pressures, which may impact gross margins. even though our businesses are working to alleviate supply chain constraints through various measures, such as sourcing from additional suppliers and using alternative delivery methods or materials, we are unable to predict the impact of these constraints on the timing of revenue and operating costs of our business in the near future. packaging material supply shortages and supply chain constraints, including cost inflation, have impacted and could continue to negatively impact our ability to meet increased demand in off-premise channels or particular packages, particularly aluminum cans, which in turn could impact our net sales and market share. in addition, in 2021, shortages of raw materials and disruption to the global supply chain negatively impacted sales, costs and inventory availability and may continue to have a negative impact on future results and profitability.
for example, we are experiencing higher transportation costs and input costs. higher transportation costs are a result of increased fuel prices, a short supply of truckers worldwide and increased freight costs. driver shortages are forcing us to use the spot market and to pay spot market prices which are higher than they have been in many years. we are also taking steps to reduce the impact of driver shortages by shipping more beverages on rail. besides impacting our outbound shipments, our suppliers are facing difficulty in timely delivering the materials we need and we are also experiencing increased supply costs due to overall cost inflation. the volatility of aluminum prices, inclusive of midwest premium and tariffs, continued to significantly impact our results during the year ended december 31, 2021. to the extent these prices continue to fluctuate, our business and financial results could be materially adversely impacted.
table of contents we may incur impairments of the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.  in connection with various business combinations, we have historically allocated material amounts of the related purchase prices to goodwill and other intangible assets that are considered to have indefinite useful lives. for example, as a result of the acquisition of the remaining portion of millercoors llc ("millercoors") which occurred on october 11, 2016 (the "acquisition"), we allocated approximately $6.3 billion and $7.6 billion to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, respectively. these assets are tested for impairment at least annually, using estimates and assumptions affected by factors such as economic and industry conditions and changes in operating performance. additionally, in conjunction with the brand impairment tests, we also reassess each brand's indefinite-life classification. potential resulting charges from an impairment of goodwill or brand intangible, as well as reclassification of an indefinite-lived to a definite-lived brand intangible, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. for example, the results of our 2020 annual goodwill impairment testing completed as of october 1, 2020, indicated that the fair value of our emea&apac reporting unit was below its carrying value. as a result, we recorded an impairment charge of approximately $1.5 billion recorded within special items, net, in our consolidated statements of operations during the fourth quarter of 2020. as of the year ended december 31, 2020, the emea&apac reporting unit was fully impaired. additionally, we identified a triggering event requiring an interim impairment assessment of the goodwill within our historical canada reporting unit at the end of the third quarter of 2019, which resulted in a goodwill impairment loss of $668.3 million recorded within special items, net, in our consolidated statements of operations during the third quarter of 2019.
additionally, our impairment analysis, conducted as of october 1, 2021, indicated that the fair value of the americas reporting unit was estimated at less than 10% in excess of its carrying value. in the current year testing, it was determined that the fair value of the americas reporting unit is considered to be at risk of future impairment in the event of significant unfavorable changes in the forecasted cash flows (including company-specific risks like the performance of our above-premium transformation efforts and overall market performance of new innovations like hard seltzers, and our expansion in products beyond-the-beer aisle, along with macro-economic risks like the continued prolonged weakening of economic conditions and cost inflation, or significant unfavorable changes in income tax rates, environmental or other regulations, including interpretations thereof), terminal growth rates, market multiples and/or weighted-average cost of capital utilized in the discounted cash flow analyses. although the fair values of our americas reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible assets are either equal to or in excess of their carrying values, the fair values are sensitive to the aforementioned potential unfavorable changes that could have an adverse impact on future analyses. any future impairment of the americas reporting unit or our indefinite-lived intangible assets, or reclassification of indefinite-lived intangible assets to definite-lived, may result in material charges that could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results, as evidenced by the charges incurred during the fourth quarter of 2020 and third quarter of 2019, as previously noted above. the testing of our goodwill for impairment is also predicated upon our determination of our reporting units. any change to the conclusion of our reporting units or the aggregation of components within our reporting units could result in a different outcome to our annual impairment test. see part ii-item 7 management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, "critical accounting estimates" and part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 10, "goodwill and intangible assets" for additional information related to the results of our annual impairment testing.
the estimates and assumptions on which our financial projections are based may prove to be inaccurate, which may cause our actual results to materially differ from such projections, which may adversely affect our future profitability, cash flows and stock price. our financial projections, including any sales or earnings guidance or outlook we may provide from time to time, are dependent on certain estimates and assumptions related to, among other things, our revitalization plan, category growth, development and launch of innovative new products, market share projections, product pricing, sales, volume and product mix, foreign exchange rates and volatility, tax rates, commodity prices, distribution through truck versus railcar, cost savings, accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves, measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit plans, and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to reinvest in our existing business, fund internal growth, repurchase our stock, make acquisitions, invest in joint ventures, pay dividends and meet debt obligations. in addition, our ability to achieve our revitalization plan goals, and the anticipated cost savings and other benefits of our restructuring activities, are subject to various assumptions and uncertainties. there is no assurance that we will fully realize the anticipated costs and other benefits of our restructuring activities or execute successfully on our revitalization plan, in the time frames we desire or at all. our financial projections are based on historical experience and on various other estimates and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the time they are made, and our actual results may differ materially from our financial projections, especially in light of the increased difficulty in making such estimates and assumptions as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. any material variation between our financial projections and our actual results may adversely affect our future profitability, cash flows and stock price.
risks related to our dependence on third parties termination of one or more manufacturer/distribution/production agreements, or issues caused by our dependence on the parties to these agreements, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.    we table of contents manufacture and/or distribute products of other beverage companies through various joint venture, licensing, distribution, contract brewing or other similar arrangements, such as our agreement to import, market, distribute and sell certain heineken brands in canada, our arrangements with abi to brew and distribute beck's, stella artois, and lowenbrau and to distribute hoegaarden, leffe, and corona in central europe. we also have agreements with asahi for the production and import of pilsner urquell and peroni nastro azurro into the u.s. under perpetual royalty-free license. these agreements have varying expiration dates and performance criteria, with several agreements approaching expiration in the near future. non-renewal of these agreements or loss of one or more of these arrangements, because of failure of performance, failure to come to terms on a negotiated extension, as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. as part of our efforts to streamline operations and to manage costs, we outsource aspects of our manufacturing processes and other functions and continue to evaluate additional outsourcing. if our contract manufacturers or other outsourcers fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to bring products to market and our reputation could suffer. for example, during a market upturn, our contract manufacturers may be unable to meet our demand requirements, which may preclude us from fulfilling our customers' orders on a timely basis. the ability of these parties to perform is largely outside of our control. if one or more of these parties experiences a significant disruption in services or institutes a significant price increase, we may have to seek alternative providers, our costs could increase, and the delivery of our products could be prevented or delayed.
changes in various supply chain standards or agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.    our business includes various joint venture and industry agreements which standardize parts of the supply chain system. an example includes our warehousing and customer delivery systems in canada organized under joint venture agreements with other brewers. any negative change in these agreements or material terms within these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
we rely on a small number of suppliers to obtain the packaging materials we need to operate our business. the inability to obtain materials or disruptions at the facilities of our suppliers could unfavorably affect our ability to produce our products which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.    we purchase certain types of packaging materials, including aluminum cans and bottles, glass bottles and paperboard from a small number of suppliers. consolidation of packaging materials suppliers has reduced local supply alternatives and increased risks of supply disruptions. the inability of any of these suppliers to meet our production requirements without sufficient time to develop an alternative source could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. additionally, if the financial condition of these suppliers deteriorates our business and financial results could be adversely impacted. our suppliers' financial condition is affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our and their control, including: competitive and general market conditions in the locations in which they operate; the availability of capital and other financing resources on reasonable terms; loss of major customers; disruptions of bottling operations that may be caused by strikes, work stoppages, labor unrest or natural disasters; or any of the foregoing, among other things, as a result of the coronavirus pandemic or otherwise. a deterioration of the financial condition or results of operations of one or more of our major suppliers could adversely affect our business and financial results.
in addition, we are continuing to actively manage the coronavirus pandemic's impact on our supply chain and our consolidated results of operations. the demand for packaging materials in the beverage industry has significantly increased and there has been a shortage of capacity and increases in costs, as manufacturers attempt to adjust their supply chains to keep up with the increased demand, which has further increased due to the coronavirus pandemic. due to restrictions resulting from the coronavirus pandemic, global supply may continue to be constrained, which has caused, and may continue to cause, the price of certain ingredients and raw materials used in our products to increase and/or we may experience disruptions to our operations.
risks related to legal matters, governmental regulations and our international operations unfavorable outcomes of legal or regulatory matters may adversely affect our business and financial condition and damage our reputation. we are from time to time involved in or subject to a variety of litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings or matters related to our business, our advertising and marketing practices, product claims, product labeling and ingredients, our intellectual property rights, alleged infringement or misappropriation by us of intellectual property rights of others, tax, environmental, privacy, insurance, erisa and employment matters. such matters, even those that are ultimately non-meritorious, can be complex, costly, and highly disruptive to business operations by diverting the attention and energies of management and other key personnel, and may generate adverse publicity that damages our reputation or brand image. the assessment of the outcome of such matters, including our potential liability, if any, is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events that are not within our control and are based on the information available to management at that time. the outcome of such matters, including amounts ultimately received or paid upon judgment or settlement, may differ materially from management's outlook or estimates, including any amounts accrued in the financial statements. actual outcomes, including judgments, awards, settlements or orders, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or cash flows and damage our corporate reputation and our brands.
table of contents our operations in developing and emerging markets expose us to additional risks which could harm our business and financial results. we continue to operate in developing and emerging markets. in certain of these markets, we have limited operating experience and may not succeed. in addition to risks described elsewhere in this report, our operations in these markets expose us to additional risks, including: changes in local political, economic, social and labor conditions; restrictions on foreign ownership and investments; repatriation of cash earned in countries outside the u.s.; import and export requirements; increased costs to ensure compliance with complex foreign laws and regulations; currency exchange rate fluctuations; a less developed and less certain legal and regulatory environment, which among other things can create uncertainty with regard to liability issues; longer payment cycles, increased credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud; increased exposure to global disease outbreaks or pandemics, such as the coronavirus pandemic; and other challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences.
in addition, as a global company, we are subject to foreign and u.s. laws and regulations designed to combat governmental corruption, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and the u.k. proceeds of crime act. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, each of which could have a materially negative effect on our reputation, brands and our operating results. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these foreign and u.s. laws and regulations, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act, there can be no assurance that our employees, business partners or agents will not violate our policies.
changes to the regulation of the distribution systems for our products could adversely affect our business and financial results.    many countries in which we operate regulate the distribution of alcohol products and if those regulations were changed, it could alter our business practices and have material adverse effect on our business and financial results. for example, in the u.s. market, there is a three-tier distribution system that governs the sale of malt beverage products. that system, consisting of required separation of manufacturers, distributors and retailers, dates back to the repeal of prohibition and is periodically subject to legal challenges. to the extent that such challenges are successful and allow changes to the three-tier system, including through the expansion of e-commerce and direct-to-consumer offerings such changes could have a material adverse effect on our americas segment results of operations. further, in canada, our products are required to be distributed through each province's respective provincial liquor board. additionally, in certain canadian provinces, we rely on our joint venture arrangements, bri and bdl, to distribute our products via retail outlets that are mandated and regulated by provincial government regulators. bri owns and operates commercial retail outlets, known as the beer store, in ontario, and bdl facilitates the distribution of our products in the western canadian provinces. if provincial regulation should change, the costs to adjust our distribution methods could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
our consolidated financial statements are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, most significantly the canadian dollar and the european operating currencies such as, euro, british pound, czech koruna, croatian kuna, serbian dinar, new romanian leu, bulgarian lev and hungarian forint. we hold assets and incur liabilities, earn revenues and pay expenses in different currencies, most significantly in canada and throughout europe. because our financial statements are presented in usd, we must translate our assets, liabilities, income and expenses into usd. increases and decreases in the value of the usd will affect, perhaps adversely, the value of these items in our financial statements, even if their local currency value has not changed. additionally, we are exposed to currency transaction risks related to transactions denominated in currencies other than one of the functional currencies of our operating entities, such as the purchase of certain raw material inputs or capital expenditures, as well as sales transactions and debt issuances or other incurred obligations. further, certain actions by the government of any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could adversely affect our results and financial position. to the extent that we fail to adequately manage these risks through our risk management policies intended to protect our exposure to currency movements, which may affect our operations, including if our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in foreign currency rates, our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. for instance, the strengthening of the usd against the canadian dollar, european currencies and various other global currencies would adversely impact our usd reported results due to the impact on foreign currency translation.
changes in tax, environmental, trade or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing, trade and other regulations could cause volatility or have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.    our business is highly regulated by national, state, provincial and local laws and regulations in various jurisdictions regarding such matters as tariffs, licensing requirements, trade and pricing practices, labeling, advertising, promotion and marketing practices, relationships with distributors, environmental matters, packaging material regulations, ingredient regulations, and other matters. these laws and regulations are subject to frequent re-evaluation, varying interpretations and political debate and inquiries from government regulators charged with their enforcement, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
table of contents in addition, changes to existing tax laws or the adoption of new tax laws, particularly in the u.s., u.k. and canada, could have a material adverse impact to our effective tax rate and future cash tax liabilities. the current economic and political environment may result in significant tax law changes in the numerous jurisdictions in which we operate. more specifically, recent proposals to reform tax laws in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions could significantly impact how u.s. multinational business are taxed on their foreign earnings. the u.s. congress has proposed several pieces of tax legislation, which if ultimately enacted, could have a material effect on our effective tax rate. in addition, our effective tax rate could be materially affected by certain tax proposals developed by the organization for economic cooperation and development and european commission regarding the taxation of multinational businesses.
continued economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate, or the adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, may make resolving tax disputes more difficult. the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation can differ from our historical provisions and accruals, resulting in an adverse effect on our financial performance.
additionally, modifications of laws and policies governing foreign trade and investment, including trade agreements and tariffs such as the united states-mexico-canada agreement, the european union-united kingdom trade and cooperating agreement, or aluminum tariffs, could adversely affect our supply chain, business and results of operations. for example, in june 2018, u.s. tariffs on aluminum imports from canada, mexico and eu went into effect (though the u.s. lifted the aluminum tariffs on canada and mexico in may 2019), which has created volatility in the price of aluminum in the u.s. and increased the price of aluminum used in some of our product packaging. continued imposition of u.s. aluminum tariffs, the implementation of additional tariffs and retaliatory tariffs from trade partners or related uncertainties could further increase the cost of certain of our imported materials, thereby adversely affecting our profitability. in addition, the european union-united kingdom trade and cooperating agreement became effective in may 2021 and resulted in certain disruptions in trade and the movement of goods, including prolonged transportation delays, which affected our ability to source raw materials and packaging for our products as well as our ability to import and export products.
furthermore, various jurisdictions have adopted, or may seek to adopt, additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our beverages relating to perceived adverse health consequences of some of our beverages. if additional or more severe requirements of this type are imposed on one or more of our beverages under current or future laws or regulations, they could inhibit sales of such beverages in such jurisdictions. in addition, we cannot predict whether our beverages will become subject to increased rules and regulations regarding labeling or warnings which, if enacted, could increase our costs or adversely impact sales.
in addition, a number of governmental authorities, both in the u.s. and abroad, have considered, and are expected to consider, legislation aimed at reducing the amount of plastic waste. programs have included banning certain types of products, mandating certain rates of recycling and/or the use of recycled materials, imposing deposits or excise taxes on packaging material, and requiring retailers or manufacturers to take back packaging used for their products. such legislation, as well as voluntary initiatives, aimed at reducing the level of plastic wastes, could reduce the demand for certain of our products that contain plastic packaging, result in greater costs for manufacturers of plastic products or otherwise impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. similarly, changes in applicable environmental regulations, including increased or additional regulations to discourage the use of plastic may result in increased compliance costs, increased costs, capital expenditures, incremental investments and other financial obligations for us and our business partners, which could affect our profitability. in addition, we may not be able to implement price increases for our products to cover any increased costs, and any price increases we do implement may result in lower sales volumes.
finally, u.s. governmental entities also levy taxes and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. in 2021, our u.s. business excise taxes on malt beverages were approximately $15 per hectoliter sold on a reported basis. this included the impact of the u.s. craft beverage modernization and tax reform act, which took effect on january 1, 2018 for all qualified large domestic brewers and importers and was made permanent by the u.s. consolidated appropriations act, 2021 on december 27, 2020. this law resulted in reduced u.s. federal excise taxes by $2 per barrel on the first six million barrels, which equated to $1.70 per hectoliter on this portion of our 2021 volume sold. our practice is to transfer a portion of these savings to distributors consistent with the revenue splitting approach of our u.s. business' economic model. excise taxes are levied in specific state and local jurisdictions at varying rates. increased excise taxes could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
failure to comply with existing laws and regulations or changes in these laws, regulations, or interpretations thereof, specifically tax and environmental laws or any other laws or regulations could result in the loss, revocation or suspension of our licenses, permits or approvals and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. additionally, uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of, and potential future developments in, complex domestic and international tax laws and regulations, the amount and timing of future taxable income and the interaction of such laws and regulations among jurisdictions. given the wide range of international business relationships and the long-term nature table of contents and complexity of existing contractual agreements, differences arising between the actual results and assumptions made, or future changes to such assumptions, could necessitate future adjustments to tax income and expense already recorded.
coronavirus pandemic vaccination mandates adopted by federal, state and local governments, as well as by certain healthcare systems, could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. in addition to government-imposed shutdowns or restrictions on our business activities due to the coronavirus pandemic, governments may impose vaccine or testing requirements on some or all of our employees. additionally, many state and local governments in which our business operates have implemented or announced covid-19 vaccination requirements applicable to certain of our employees, and additional vaccination mandates may be announced in the future. it is currently not possible to predict with certainty the impact these vaccination mandates will have on our business, especially on our workforce. our implementation of these requirements may result in costs to us in the form of vaccinations or testing of employees. these requirements may also result in attrition in our workforce, including attrition of critically skilled labor, and difficulty securing future labor needs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we also have modified our business practices for the continued health and safety of our employees, including the requirements of vaccines, subject to certain medical and religious exemptions, for all non-union office-based employees in the u.s. we may take further actions, or be required to take further actions, that are in the best interests of our employees. our suppliers and customers have also implemented such measures, which has resulted in, and we expect it will continue to result in, disruptions or delays and higher costs. the implementation of health and safety practices by us, our suppliers or our customers could impact customer demand, supplier deliveries, our productivity and costs, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
risks related to acquisitions and joint ventures risks associated with operating our joint ventures may materially adversely affect our business and financial results. we have entered into several joint ventures, including our joint ventures with ball corporation (i.e. rocky mountain metal container), and with owens-brockway glass container inc. (i.e. rocky mountain bottle company), for a portion of our aluminum and glass packaging supply in the u.s., respectively. in addition, we have entered into joint ventures with hexo to pursue opportunities to develop, produce and market non-alcoholic, cannabis-infused beverages in canada and cbd beverages in certain u.s. markets. we have also entered into a joint venture with yuengling to expand the distribution of yuengling beer in the u.s. we also have a joint venture in the u.k. regarding the production and distribution of cobra beer. additionally, in certain canadian provinces, we rely on joint venture agreements, bri and bdl, to distribute our products via retail outlets that are mandated and regulated by provincial government regulators. as previously referenced, bri owns and operates commercial retail outlets, known as the beer store, in ontario, and bdl facilitates the distribution of our products in the western canadian provinces. we may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. our joint venture partners may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or with the goals of the joint venture. in addition, we compete against our joint venture partners in certain of our other markets. disagreements with our business partners may impede our ability to maximize the benefits of our partnerships. our joint venture arrangements may require us, among other matters, to pay certain costs or to make certain capital investments or to seek our joint venture partner's consent to take certain actions. in addition, our joint venture partners may be unable or unwilling to meet their economic or other obligations under the operative documents, or may become insolvent or file for bankruptcy protection and we may be required to either fulfill those obligations alone to ensure the ongoing success of a joint venture or to dissolve and liquidate a joint venture.
failure to successfully identify, complete or integrate attractive acquisitions and joint ventures into our existing operations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. we have made a number of acquisitions and entered into several strategic joint ventures. in order to compete in the consolidating global brewing and beverage industry, we anticipate that we may, from time to time, in the future acquire additional businesses or enter into additional joint ventures that we believe would provide a strategic fit with our business such as the acquisition and our joint ventures with hexo and yuengling and various other craft acquisitions we have made recently. potential risks associated with acquisitions and joint ventures could include, among other things: our ability to identify attractive acquisitions and joint ventures; our ability to offer potential acquisition targets and joint venture partners' competitive transaction terms; our ability to raise capital on reasonable terms to finance attractive acquisitions and joint ventures; our ability to realize the benefits or cost savings that we expect to realize as a result of the acquisition or joint venture; diversion of management's attention; our ability to successfully integrate our businesses with the business of the acquired company; motivating, recruiting and retaining key employees; conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures among our company and the acquired company; consolidating and streamlining sales, marketing and corporate operations; potential exposure to unknown liabilities of acquired companies; potential exposure to unknown or future liabilities or costs that affect the markets in which acquired companies or joint ventures operate; reputational or other damage due to the conduct of a joint venture partner; loss of key employees and customers of the acquired business; and managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating our operations following completion of an acquisition or entry into a joint venture.
table of contents additional risks related to our americas segment our u.s. business is highly dependent on independent distributors to sell our products, with no assurance that these distributors will effectively sell our products, and distributor consolidation in the u.s. could harm our business performance.    we sell nearly all of our products, including all of our imported products, in the u.s. to independent distributors for resale to retail outlets. these independent distributors are entitled to exclusive territories and protected from termination by state statutes and regulations. consequently, if we are not allowed, or are unable under acceptable terms or at all, to replace unproductive or inefficient distributors, our business, financial position and results of operation may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
further, in recent years, there has been consolidation of independent distributors, resulting in distributors with increased leverage over suppliers due to the distributor's share of the supplier business, exclusive territorial appointments and regulatory protection of distribution agreements. in addition, distributor consolidation, regardless of size, carries a risk of decreased investment in service and local marketing in the interest of paying down the leverage required to fund a transaction. consolidation among distributors could create a more challenging competitive landscape for our products and could hinder the distribution and sale of our products. changes in distributors' strategies, including a reduction in the number of brands they carry, may adversely affect our growth, business, financial results and market share.
government mandated changes to the retail distribution model resulting from new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our canada business. in june 2019, the ontario government adopted a bill that, if enacted, would terminate a 10-year master framework agreement that was originally signed between the previous government administration and mcbc, labatt brewing company limited, sleeman breweries ltd., and brewers retail inc. in 2015 and governs the terms of the beer distribution and retail systems in ontario through 2025. the government has not yet proclaimed the bill as law. even if the legislation is proclaimed into law, the master framework agreement is set to expire in 2025 unless renewed. while we have engaged, and continue to plan to engage in discussions with the government to renew the agreement or otherwise reach a mutually agreeable alternative to the enactment of the law, we and the other master framework agreement signatories are prepared to vigorously defend our rights and pursue legal recourse, should the master framework agreement be unilaterally terminated by the enactment of the legislation. unilateral termination or expiration of the master framework agreement could have material impacts to the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of the americas segment.
our americas business faces numerous risks relating to its joint ventures in the canadian cannabis industry and the u.s. cbd beverage industry. in 2018, a wholly-owned subsidiary within our canadian business completed the formation of an independent canadian joint venture with hexo, a canadian entity listed on the new york stock exchange and the toronto stock exchange that serves the canadian cannabis market. the joint venture, truss lp ("truss"), is producing and marketing developing non-alcoholic, cannabis-infused beverages for the canadian market. in 2020, truss launched its first cannabis infused product, verywell drops, as well as its ready to drink beverage portfolio across the canadian market. the success and consumer acceptance of any products produced by the joint venture cannot be assured. further, our canadian subsidiary's involvement in the canadian cannabis industries and our involvement in the u.s. cbd market may negatively impact: consumer, business partner, investor or public sentiment regarding our brands, americas' beer business or our company. the emerging cannabis industry in canada and the u.s. and in other jurisdictions is evolving rapidly and subjects us to a high degree of political, legal and regulatory uncertainty. the occurrence of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, there is regulatory uncertainty in the u.s. regarding the status of food and beverage products that contain u.s. hemp-derived ingredients, including cbd. while our involvement in the u.s. cbd market consists of operations and sales of such products in states where the sale and distribution of hemp-derived cbd beverages is permitted, u.s. federal law enforcement officials may still elect to take enforcement action against companies under the controlled substances act or the food and drug administration may send a cease and desist letter, either of which action could have an impact on our involvement in the u.s. cbd market.
if we are required to move away from the industry standard returnable bottle we use today in canada, we may incur unexpected losses. along with other brewers in canada, we currently use an industry standard returnable bottle which represents approximately 21% of total volume sales (excluding imports) in canada. changes to the industry standard bottle agreement could impact our use of the industry standard returnable bottle. if we cease to use the industry standard returnable bottle, our current bottle inventory and a portion of our bottle packaging equipment could become obsolete and could result in a material write-off of these assets.
indemnities provided to the purchaser of our previous interest in the cervejarias kaiser brasil s.a. ("kaiser") business in brazil could result in future cash outflows and statement of operations charges.    in 2006, we sold our previous ownership interest in kaiser, which was held by our canadian business, to femsa cerveza s.a. de c.v. ("femsa"). the terms of the sale agreement require us to indemnify femsa for exposures related to certain tax, civil and labor contingencies and certain purchased tax credits. the ultimate resolution of these claims is not under our control. these indemnity obligations are recorded as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, however, we could incur future statement of operations charges as table of contents facts further develop resulting in changes to our estimates or changes in our assessment of probability of loss on these items as well as due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. due to the uncertainty involved in the ultimate outcome and timing of these contingencies, significant adjustments to the carrying value of our indemnity liabilities and corresponding statement of operations charges/credits could result in the future.
additional risks related to our emea&apac segment economic trends and intense competition in european markets could unfavorably affect our profitability. our european businesses have been, and, in the future may be, adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and general economic and political conditions, as well as a weakening of their respective currencies versus the u.s. dollar, in each case, in addition to the impacts of the coronavirus pandemic. additionally, we face intense competition in certain of our european markets, particularly with respect to pricing, which could lead to reduced sales or profitability. in particular, the on-going focus by large competitors in europe to drive increased market share through aggressive pricing strategies could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. in addition, in recent years, beer volume sales in europe have been shifting from pubs and restaurants (on-premise) to retail stores (off-premise) for the industry in general. sales to off-premise customers tend to be lower than margins on sales to on-premise customers, and, as a result, continuation or acceleration of this trend would further adversely affect our profitability.
risks related to ownership of our class b common stock if pentland and the coors trust do not agree on a matter submitted to our stockholders or if a super-majority of our board of directors do not agree on certain actions, generally the matter will not be approved, even if beneficial to us or favored by other stockholders or a majority of our board of directors.    pentland securities (1981) inc. ("pentland") (a company controlled by the molson family and related parties) and the adolph coors, jr. trust (the "coors trust") (a trust controlled by the coors family and related parties), which together control more than 90% of our class a common stock and class a exchangeable shares, have a voting trust agreement through which they have combined their voting power over the shares of our class a common stock and the class a exchangeable shares that they own. if these two stockholders do not agree to vote in favor of a matter submitted to a stockholder vote (other than the election of directors), the voting trustees are required to vote all of the class a common stock and class a exchangeable shares deposited in the voting trust against the matter. there is no other mechanism in the voting trust agreement to resolve a potential deadlock between these stockholders. therefore, if either pentland or the coors trust is unwilling to vote in favor of a proposal that is subject to a stockholder vote, we would be unable to implement the proposal even if our board of directors, management or other stockholders believe the proposal is beneficial to us. similarly, our bylaws require the authorization of a super-majority (two-thirds) of the board of directors to take certain transformational actions. thus, it is possible that our company will not be authorized to take action even if it is supported by a simple majority of the board of directors.
the interests of the controlling stockholders may differ from those of other stockholders and could prevent our company from making certain decisions or taking certain actions that would be in the best interest of the other stockholders. our class b common stock has fewer voting rights than our class a common stock and holders of our class a common stock have the ability to effectively control or have a significant influence over certain of our actions requiring stockholder approval, which could have a material adverse effect on class b stockholders. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 8, "stockholders' equity" for additional information regarding voting rights of class a and class b stockholders.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview for more than two centuries, we have been brewing beverages that unite people for all life's moments. from coors light, miller lite, molson canadian, carling, and staropramen to coors banquet, blue moon belgian white, blue moon lightsky, vizzy, coors seltzer, leinenkugel's summer shandy, creemore springs, hop valley and more, we produce many beloved and iconic beer brands. while our company's history is rooted in beer, we offer a modern portfolio that expands beyond the beer aisle as well. as a business, our ambition is to be the first choice for our people, our consumers and our customers, and our success depends on our ability to make our products available to meet a wide range of consumer segments and occasions.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") in this annual report on form 10-k is provided to assist in understanding our company, operations and current business environment and should be considered a supplement to, and read in conjunction with, the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements and notes included within part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, as well as the discussion of our business and related risk factors in part i-item 1 business and part i-item 1a risk factors, respectively. see also "cautionary statement pursuant to safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995."
a discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial condition for 2020 compared to 2019 has been omitted from this report, but may be found in part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our fiscal 2020 form 10-k, filed with the sec on february 11, 2021, which is available free of charge on the sec's website at www.sec.gov and our corporate website at www.molsoncoors.com.
our fiscal year unless otherwise indicated, (a) all $ amounts are in usd, (b) comparisons are to comparable prior periods and (c) 2021, 2020 and 2019 refers to the 12 months ended december 31, 2021, december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively.
operational measures we have certain operational measures, such as stws and strs, which we believe are important metrics. stw is a metric that we use in our business to reflect the sales from our operations to our direct customers, generally wholesalers. we believe the stw metric is important because it gives an indication of the amount of beer and adjacent products that we have produced and shipped to customers. str is a metric that we use in our business to refer to sales closer to the end consumer than stws, which generally means sales from wholesalers or our company to retailers, who in turn sell to consumers. we believe the str metric is important because, unlike stws, it provides the closest indication of the performance of our brands in relation to market and competitor sales trends.
items affecting reported results items affecting consolidated results of operations cybersecurity incident during march 2021, we experienced a systems outage that was caused by a cybersecurity incident. we engaged leading forensic information technology firms and legal counsel to assist our investigation into the incident and we restored our systems after working to get the systems back up as quickly as possible. despite these actions, we experienced delays and disruptions to our business, including brewery operations, production and shipments. this incident caused us to not produce or ship as much as we otherwise would have in the first quarter of 2021. subsequently, in the balance of 2021, we made progress recovering from the incident with increased shipments and have operationally recovered as of december 31, 2021. in addition, we incurred certain incremental one-time costs of $2.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 related to consultants, experts and data recovery efforts, net of insurance recoveries.
table of contents coronavirus global pandemic we have been actively monitoring the impact of the coronavirus pandemic which has had a material adverse effect on our operations, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations in 2020 and 2021. in 2021, while we saw improvements in the marketplace related to the coronavirus global pandemic as on-premise locations began to re-open across the world, including in the u.s. and europe, which led to a shift in revenue from off-premise to on-premise starting in the second quarter and continuing through the third quarter of 2021, during the fourth quarter of 2021, a new variant of coronavirus, omicron, created additional uncertainty and negatively impacted our on-premise business. while on-premise volumes in our emea&apac segment progressively improved throughout 2021 as bars and restaurants reopened with restrictions, due to implications of the new coronavirus variant, consumer behavior in the u.k. and across central europe became more uncertain as individuals were encouraged to work from home and reduce other personal interactions during the fourth quarter of 2021. with a shift in consumer behavior and surge in coronavirus cases not only in europe but also in the u.s. and canada at the end of the year, sales to the on-premise during the fourth quarter of 2021 were negatively impacted. the extent to which our operations will continue to be impacted by the coronavirus pandemic will depend largely on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including the level of governmental or societal orders or restrictions on public gatherings and on-premise venues, including any vaccine mandates or testing requirements, the severity and duration of the coronavirus pandemic by market, including continued or prolonged outbreaks of variants, changes in consumer behavior, the rate of vaccination and the efficacy of vaccines against the coronavirus and related variants. we continue to actively monitor the ongoing evolution of the coronavirus pandemic and resulting impacts to our business.
despite the improvements in re-openings of on-premise locations from 2020, closures and openings with restrictions continued to impact our financial results during 2021. specifically, beginning in the first quarter of 2020 and continuing into the first half of 2021, we experienced a significant decline in on-premise demand in the americas and emea&apac segments resulting from lockdowns and other government-imposed restrictions to the on-premise. see further discussion in part i. item 1. business regarding the historical percentage of on-premise channel versus off-premise within our americas and emea&apac segments and resulting implications to expected profitability as a result of the effective closures of the on-premise in the markets in which we operate. while certain countries in europe lifted lockdown restrictions, particularly in the u.k. which resulted in the reopening of certain on-premise locations early in the second quarter of 2021 with measures removed early in the third quarter of 2021, the on-premise did not return to pre-pandemic levels in the emea&apac segment. in addition, during the first half of 2021, certain provinces of canada, including the most populous provinces, endured lockdowns pursuant to which bars and restaurants were required to close. during the third quarter of 2021, these venues began to reopen with varying degrees of restrictions; however, during the fourth quarter of 2021 as a result of implications from the new coronavirus variant, restrictions in certain provinces were implemented and consumer behavior in the on-premise became more uncertain and as a result sales to the on-premise channel in the fourth quarter of 2021 were negatively impacted. throughout 2021, the u.s. progressively reopened, and sales to restaurants and bars returned to near pre-coronavirus pandemic levels within the americas segment but pulled back towards the end of the year as a result of the spread of the omicron coronavirus variant. certain sporting events, festivals and other large public gatherings where our products are served have started to return with restrictions including proof of vaccination or negative coronavirus testing requirements. while the u.s., canada, and western european countries have seen an increase in vaccination levels throughout 2021, certain eastern european countries have lagged, and therefore, the risk of further coronavirus pandemic restrictions and governmental imposed lockdowns remains throughout europe. throughout the world, any governmental or societal impositions of restrictions on public gatherings, especially if prolonged in nature, will continue to impact on-premise traffic and, in turn, our business.
in addition, where we have seen shifts in demand to the off-premise, and shifts back to the on-premise and the related shifts between certain package types, this has strained our supply chain and package availability, requiring that we strategically prioritize certain brands and package types and expand the number of suppliers we work with to ensure we can meet production requirements. our supply chain continues to work diligently to ensure sufficient supply of these high-demand brand and packages as we adjust to these changing consumer dynamics.
further, during 2020, we recorded charges of $15.5 million within cost of goods sold related to temporary "thank you" pay for certain essential americas segment brewery employees. additionally, in order to support and demonstrate our commitment to the continued viability of the many bars and restaurants which were negatively impacted by the coronavirus pandemic, during the first quarter of 2020, we initiated temporary keg relief programs in many of our markets. we committed to provide customers with reimbursements for untapped kegs that met certain established return requirements in conjunction with the voluntary programs. as a result, during 2020, we recognized a reduction to net sales of $30.3 million ($13.2 million for the americas segment and $17.1 million for the emea&apac segment) for reimbursements through these keg relief programs, substantially all of which was recognized in the first quarter of 2020 other than immaterial adjustments for changes in estimates during the remainder of 2020, reflecting estimated sales returns and reimbursements through these keg relief programs.
table of contents further, during 2020, we recognized charges of $12.1 million ($9.2 million for the americas segment and $2.9 million for the emea&apac segment), substantially all of which were recognized in the first quarter of 2020 other than immaterial adjustments for changes in estimates during the remainder of 2020, within cost of goods sold related to obsolete finished goods keg inventories that were not expected to be sold within our freshness specifications, as well as the estimated costs to facilitate the above mentioned keg returns. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 1, "basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies" for additional details.
as a result of the ongoing impacts of the coronavirus pandemic, we continue to take various mitigating actions to offset some of the implications to our employees and communities, as well as the challenges to performance, while also ensuring liquidity and deleveraging remain key priorities. we continue to monitor the coronavirus pandemic and will take additional actions as necessary if the global coronavirus pandemic takes a further negative turn. such potential actions may include, but are not limited to, drawing on our revolving line of credit facility, issuing additional commercial paper under our u.s. commercial paper program (see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 11, "debt" for further discussion of the facilities and our remaining capacity), further accessing the capital markets, reducing discretionary spending including capital expenditures and asset monetization.
in response to the global economic uncertainty created by the coronavirus pandemic, our board of directors suspended our regular quarterly dividends on our class a and class b common and exchangeable shares in may 2020. in the third quarter of 2021, a quarterly dividend was reinstated. see "liquidity and capital resources" and item 1a. "risk factors" in this report for additional information regarding the impact of the global coronavirus pandemic on our liquidity. we also continue to monitor the impacts of the coronavirus pandemic on the recoverability of our assets, including goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. given the length and severity of the impacts of the global coronavirus pandemic on our emea&apac segment, as well as the protracted recovery expected in certain on-premise markets, we recorded a goodwill impairment loss of $1,484.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2020. if the duration of the coronavirus pandemic is further prolonged and the severity of its impact continues or worsens, it could result in additional significant impairment losses. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 10, "goodwill and intangible assets" for further details.
revitalization plan on october 28, 2019, we initiated a revitalization plan designed to allow us to invest across our portfolio to drive long-term, sustainable growth. the revitalization plan established chicago, illinois as our americas segment operational headquarters. we closed our office in denver, colorado and consolidated certain administrative functions into our other existing office locations. as of january 1, 2020, we changed our name to molson coors beverage company and changed our management structure to two segments - americas and emea&apac. we began to incur charges related to these restructuring activities during the fourth quarter of 2019 and we recognized severance and retention charges of $4.0 million, $35.6 million and $41.2 million during the years ended december 31, 2021, december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively. as of the year ended december 31, 2021, the revitalization plan restructuring charges were substantially complete.
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data note 7, "special items" and note 10, "goodwill and intangibles" for further discussion of the impacts of this plan.
table of contents cost inflation we are experiencing cost inflation, including higher transportation and input costs which negatively impacted our results of operations during the year ended december 31, 2021. we expect cost inflation to continue to have a negative impact in 2022. higher transportation costs are a result of increased fuel prices, a short supply of truck drivers worldwide and increased freight costs. driver shortages are forcing us to use the spot market and to pay spot market prices which are higher than they have been in many years. we are taking steps to reduce the impact of driver shortages by shipping more beverages via rail. besides impacting our outbound shipments, our suppliers are facing difficulty in timely delivering the materials we need, and we are also experiencing increased supply costs due to overall cost inflation. the volatility of aluminum prices, inclusive of midwest premium and tariffs, continued to significantly impact our results during the year ended december 31, 2021. to the extent these prices continue to fluctuate, our business and financial results could be materially adversely impacted. we continue to monitor these risks and rely on our risk management hedging program, pricing, our premiumization strategy and cost savings programs to help mitigate some of the inflationary pressure.
items affecting americas segment results of operations texas storm in february 2021, a winter ice storm severely impacted the southern u.s. in particular, local government authorities in texas were forced to impose energy restrictions, causing the fort worth brewery to be offline which resulted in our inability to produce or ship product during the downtime.
irwindale, california brewery sale following management approval in december 2019, in january 2020, we announced plans to cease production at our irwindale, california brewery and entered into an option agreement with pabst, granting pabst an option to purchase our irwindale, california brewery, including plant equipment and machinery and the underlying land for $150 million, subject to adjustment as further specified in the option agreement. pursuant to the option agreement, on may 4, 2020, pabst exercised its option to purchase the irwindale brewery and the purchase was completed in the fourth quarter of 2020. production at the irwindale brewery ceased during the third quarter of 2020. we recorded special items charges related to the irwindale brewery closure as further discussed in part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data note 7, "special items".
montreal brewery sale in further efforts to optimize the canada and u.s. brewery network, in the third quarter of 2017, we announced a plan to build a more efficient and flexible brewery in longueuil, québec. during the second quarter of 2019, we completed the sale of our montreal brewery for $96.2 million, resulting in a $61.3 million gain, which was recorded as special items, net in the consolidated statement of operations. in conjunction with the sale, we agreed to lease back the existing property to continue operations on an uninterrupted basis until the new brewery became operational. completion of the longueuil, québec brewery occurred during the fourth quarter of 2021.
items affecting emea&apac segment results of operations fiscal year 2020 goodwill impairment in fiscal year 2020, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge related to our emea&apac reporting unit of $1,484.3 million as a result of the annual goodwill impairment analysis. consequently, the emea&apac reporting unit was fully impaired as of december 31, 2020. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 10, "goodwill and intangible assets" for additional information.
impairment of a disposal group during the third quarter of 2020, we recognized an impairment loss of $30.0 million recorded within special items, net related to the held for sale classification of a disposal group within our india business, representing an insignificant part of our emea&apac segment. the sale of the india business disposal group was completed during the first quarter of 2021. during the fourth quarter of 2021, we recognized an impairment loss of $13.5 million within special items, net related to the held for sale classification of the remaining portion of our india business.
consolidated results of operations the following table highlights summarized components of our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2021, december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, "consolidated statements of operations" for additional details of our u.s. gaap results comparing december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020.
table of contents for the years ended december 31, 2021                       change                   december 31, 2020                       change                   december 31, 2019
(in millions, except percentages and per share data)
net sales                                                             $10,279.7                             6.5    %                    $9,654.0                           (8.7)    %                   $10,579.4
cost of goods sold                                                    (6,226.3)                             5.8    %                   (5,885.7)                           (7.7)    %                   (6,378.2)
gross profit                                                            4,053.4                             7.6    %                     3,768.3                          (10.3)    %                     4,201.2
marketing, general and administrative expenses                        (2,554.5)                             4.8    %                   (2,437.0)                          (10.7)    %                   (2,728.0)
special items, net                                                       (44.5)                          (97.4)    %                   (1,740.2)                           145.5    %                     (708.8)
operating income (loss)                                                 1,454.4                                  n/m                     (408.9)                                  n/m                       764.4
total other income (expense), net                                       (215.4)                           (8.3)    %                     (235.0)                          (17.4)    %                     (284.5)
income (loss) before income taxes                                       1,239.0                                  n/m                     (643.9)                                  n/m                       479.9
income tax benefit (expense)                                            (230.5)                          (23.6)    %                     (301.8)                            29.1    %                     (233.7)
net income (loss)                                                       1,008.5                                  n/m                     (945.7)                                  n/m                       246.2
net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                (2.8)                          (15.2)    %                       (3.3)                          (26.7)    %                       (4.5)
net income (loss) attributable to mcbc                                 $1,005.7                                  n/m                    $(949.0)                                  n/m                      $241.7
net income (loss) attributable to mcbc per diluted share                  $4.62                                  n/m                     $(4.38)                                  n/m                       $1.11
financial volume in hectoliters                                          84.028                           (0.5)    %   84.479                                              (8.9)    %                      92.722
brand volume in hectoliters                                              80.673                           (1.7)    %   82.033                                              (7.8)    %                      88.946
n/m = not meaningful foreign currency impacts on results during 2021, foreign currency movements favorably impacted our consolidated usd income before income taxes by $4.5 million (favorably impacting income before income taxes of our americas segment by $2.1 million, our emea&apac segment by $0.3 million and unallocated by $2.1 million). included in this amount are both translational and transactional impacts of changes in foreign exchange rates. the impact of transactional foreign currency gains and losses is recorded within other income (expense) in our consolidated statements of operations.
volume worldwide brand volume (or "brand volume" when discussed by segment) reflects owned or actively managed brands sold to unrelated external customers within our geographic markets (net of returns and allowances), royalty volume and our proportionate share of equity investment worldwide brand volume calculated consistently with mcbc owned volume. financial volume represents owned brands sold to unrelated external customers within our geographical markets, net of returns and allowances as well as contract brewing, wholesale non-owned brand volume and company-owned distribution volume. contract brewing and wholesaler volume is included within financial volume, but is removed from worldwide brand volume, as this is non-owned volume for which we do not directly control performance. royalty volume consists of our brands produced and sold by third parties under various license and contract-brewing agreements and because this is owned volume, it is included in worldwide brand volume. our worldwide brand volume definition also includes an adjustment from sales-to-wholesaler (stw) volume to sales-to-retailer (str) volume. we believe the brand volume metric is useful to investors and management because, unlike financial volume and stws, it provides the closest indication of the performance of our brands in relation to market and competitor sales trends.
as part of the revitalization plan strategy to grow our above premium portfolio and expand beyond the beer aisle, we have de-prioritized certain non-core economy skus. this strategy is intended to drive sustainable net sales growth and earnings growth, despite potential volume declines as the portfolio mix shifts towards a higher composition of above premium products.
table of contents for the years ended december 31, 2021               change                         december 31, 2020               change                           december 31, 2019
(in millions, except percentages)
volume in hectoliters financial volume                                          84.028                       (0.5)     %                       84.479                       (8.9)       %                       92.722
less: contract brewing and wholesaler volume             (6.730)           5.9                   %                      (6.355)                       (17.6)      %                      (7.715)
add: royalty volume                                        4.475           18.3                  %                        3.783                       (10.5)      %                        4.226
add: stw to str adjustment                               (1.100)                       n/m                                0.126                       n/m                                (0.287)
total worldwide brand volume                              80.673                       (1.7)     %                       82.033                       (7.8)       %                       88.946
n/m = not meaningful net sales the following table highlights the drivers of change in net sales for the year ended december 31, 2021 versus december 31, 2020, by segment (in percentages).
financial volume                 price and sales mix                currency                total consolidated                 (0.5)       %                        5.2        %                1.8    %              6.5   %
americas                     (2.0)       %                        4.0        %                1.0    %              3.0   %
emea&amp;apac                  3.9       %                       15.7        %                6.3    %             25.9   %
the following table highlights the drivers of change in net sales on a reported basis for the year ended december 31, 2020 versus december 31, 2019, by segment (in percentages).
financial volume                 price and sales mix                currency           total consolidated                 (8.9)       %                        0.1        %                0.1    %       (8.7)   %
americas                     (6.0)       %                        1.7        %              (0.1)    %       (4.4)   %
emea&amp;apac               (17.3)       %                     (11.1)        %                0.5    %      (27.9)   %
net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis in local currency increased 3.8% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to prior year. the increase for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to positive net pricing in both the americas and emea&apac segments, as well as favorable sales mix resulting from portfolio premiumization and fewer on-premise channel restrictions. net sales per hectoliter on a financial volume basis in local currency increased 5.2% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to prior year.
worldwide brand volume decreased 1.7% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to prior year, while financial volume decreased 0.5% compared to prior year. the decline in brand volumes for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to lower economy portfolio volumes, including the de-prioritization of certain non-core skus in the u.s., partially offset by growth in the above premium portfolio volumes due to the increased premiumization efforts and favorable u.s. domestic shipments as we worked to rebuild distributor inventory levels.
table of contents cost of goods sold cost of goods sold per hectoliter in local currency increased 4.4% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to prior year. the increase for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to cost inflation mainly on input materials and transportation costs and the mix impacts of the portfolio premiumization and unfavorable foreign exchange movements, partially offset by changes to our unrealized mark-to-market commodity positions, lower depreciation and cost savings.
marketing, general and administrative expenses marketing, general and administrative expenses increased 4.8% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to prior year. the increase for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to higher marketing spend in both the americas and emea&apac segments to support new innovations and core brands, as well as the cycling of lower spend in areas impacted by the coronavirus pandemic, partially offset by lower depreciation expense, cost savings and lower incentive compensation.
special items, net see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 7, "special items" for detail of special items, net.
total other income (expense), net total other income (expense), net improved 8.3% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to prior year primarily due to lower pension and opeb non-service costs and lower interest expense driven by the repayment of debt as a result of our continued deleveraging actions.
income taxes benefit (expense)
for the years ended december 31, 2021                   december 31, 2020                   december 31, 2019
effective tax rate         19              %                   (47)            %       49                          %
the increase in our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily due to (i) the approximate $1.5 billion goodwill impairment charge in our emea&apac segment recognized in the fourth quarter of 2020, and (ii) $18 million of tax expense recognized in the second quarter of 2021, which related to the remeasurement of our deferred tax liabilities following an announced corporate income tax rate increase in the u.k. from 19% to 25%. these increases to the effective tax rate were partially offset by $135 million of tax expense recognized in the second quarter of 2020 related to the hybrid regulations enacted in the u.s., and the release of $73 million of reserves for unrecognized tax positions as a result of an effective settlement reached on a tax audit during the third quarter of 2021. as a result of the effective settlement reached, which included resolution of the impact of the final u.s. tax hybrid regulations, we paid cash tax and associated interest of approximately $125 million in the fourth quarter of 2021.
our tax rate can be more or less volatile and may change with, among other things, the amount and source of pre-tax income or loss, our ability to utilize foreign tax credits, excess tax benefits or deficiencies from share-based compensation, changes in tax laws, and the movement of liabilities established pursuant to accounting guidance for uncertain tax positions as statutes of limitations expire, positions are effectively settled, or when additional information becomes available. there are proposed or pending tax law changes in various jurisdictions and other changes to regulatory environments in countries in which we do business that, if enacted, may have an impact on our effective tax rate.
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 6, "income tax" for additional details regarding our effective tax rate.
cost savings initiatives our next generation cost savings program, which began in 2020, is expected to deliver approximately $600 million of cost savings over the three year program through 2022 and is focused around many of the same functions of the business as the 2017 to 2019 program. these cost savings include approximately $150 million related to the revitalization plan. total cost savings delivered in 2021 and 2020 totaled approximately $220 million and $270 million, respectively.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense of $786.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 decreased by $135.9 million compared to $922.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to the decrease in accelerated depreciation expense recorded as a result of certain facility closures as well as assets becoming fully depreciated during the year. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 7, "special items" for further discussion.
table of contents segment results of operations americas segment for the years ended december 31, 2021                     change                   december 31, 2020                     change                   december 31, 2019
(in millions, except percentages)
net sales(1)                                   $8,485.0           3.0                    %                    $8,237.0                         (4.4)    %                    $8,618.2
income (loss) before income taxes              $1,176.5           8.9                    %                    $1,080.5                          67.5    %                      $645.0
financial volume in hectoliters(2)               63.737                         (2.0)    %   65.010                                            (6.0)    %   69.180
brand volume in hectoliters                      59.334                         (3.2)    %   61.313                                            (5.1)    %   64.640
(1)includes gross inter-segment sales and volumes which are eliminated in the consolidated totals.
(2)excludes royalty volume of 2.507 million hectoliters, 2.052 million hectoliters and 2.258 million hectoliters for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the results for 2019 were recasted to reflect the segment changes as part of the revitalization plan.
net sales and volume net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis in local currency increased 3.2% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to prior year. the increase for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to positive net pricing and favorable brand mix, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix attributed to growing license volume in latin america. net sales per hectoliter on a financial volume basis in local currency increased 4.0% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the prior year.
brand volume decreased 3.2% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to prior year. the decrease for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to a decline in the u.s. economy portfolio, including the de-prioritization and rationalization of non-core skus, partially offset by growth in latin america and the u.s. above premium portfolio. financial volumes decreased 2.0% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to prior year, due to lower brand volume, partially offset by favorable u.s. domestic shipment trends as we worked to rebuild distributor inventory levels.
income (loss) before income taxes income (loss) before income taxes increased 8.9% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to prior year. the increase for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to positive net pricing and favorable brand mix, lower net special items charges, lower depreciation expense, and cost savings partially offset by cost inflation mainly on input materials and transportation costs, lower financial volumes and higher mg&a spend. the higher mg&a spend was driven by higher marketing spend to support new innovations and core brands and the cycling of lower spend in areas impacted by the coronavirus pandemic, partially offset by lower incentive compensation expense, cost savings and equity income from the tyc joint venture which started distribution in texas in the third quarter of 2021.
emea&apac segment for the years ended december 31, 2021                     change               december 31, 2020                   change                           december 31, 2019
(in millions, except percentages)
net sales(1)                                   $1,802.3                          25.9    %               $1,431.9                            (27.9)      %                     $1,986.4
income (loss) before income taxes                 $32.9                                n/m               $(1,603.7)                          n/m                                 $102.4
financial volume in hectoliters(2)               20.315                           3.9    %                      19.560                       (17.3)      %    23.660
brand volume in hectoliters                      21.339                           3.0    %                      20.720                       (14.8)      %    24.306
n/m = not meaningful
(1)includes gross inter-segment sales and volumes which are eliminated in the consolidated totals.

(2)excludes royalty volume of 1.968 million hectoliters, 1.731 million hectoliters and 1.968 million hectoliters for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the results for 2019 were recasted to reflect the segment changes as part of the revitalization plan.
net sales and volume net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis in local currency increased 10.1% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to prior year. the increase for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to favorable geographic, channel and brand mix and positive net pricing. net sales per hectoliter on a financial volume basis in local currency increased 15.1% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to prior year.
brand volume increased 3.0% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to prior year. the increase for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to the benefit of fewer on-premise restrictions and growth in the above premium portfolio. financial volumes increased 3.9% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to prior year, primarily due to higher brand volumes and factored sales.
income (loss) before income taxes income (loss) before income taxes was income of $32.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to a loss of $1,603.7 million in the prior year. the improvement of income (loss) before income taxes of $1,636.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to the cycling of special items in the prior year related to the $1.5 billion goodwill impairment of the emea&apac segment, favorable sales mix, positive net pricing and higher financial volumes, partially offset by cost inflation and higher mg&a spend mainly due to the cycling of lower prior year spend in areas impacted by the coronavirus pandemic.
unallocated segment we have certain activity that is not allocated to our segments and primarily includes financing-related costs such as interest expense and income, foreign exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances related to financing and other treasury-related activities, and the unrealized changes in fair value on our commodity swaps not designated in hedging relationships. additionally, only the service cost component of net periodic pension and opeb cost is reported within each operating segment, and all other components remain unallocated.
for the years ended december 31, 2021                     change               december 31, 2020                   change                       december 31, 2019
(in millions, except percentages)
cost of goods sold                               $236.6                         119.9   %                $107.6                              n/m                          $(0.8)
gross profit                                      236.6                         119.9   %    107.6                                           n/m                          (0.8)
operating income (loss)                           236.6                         119.9   %    107.6                                           n/m                          (0.8)
total other income (expense), net               (207.0)                         (9.3)   %                (228.3)                             (14.4)      %                (266.7)
income (loss) before income taxes                 $29.6                                n/m               $(120.7)                            (54.9)      %                $(267.5)
n/m = not meaningful cost of goods sold the unrealized changes in fair value on our commodity derivatives, which are economic hedges, are recorded as cost of goods sold within unallocated and make up the entirety of the activity presented with cost of goods sold in the table above for 2021, 2020 and 2019. as the exposure we are managing is realized, we reclassify the gain or loss on our commodity derivatives to the segment in which the underlying exposure resides, allowing our segments to realize the economic effects of the derivative without the resulting unrealized mark-to-market volatility. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 16, "derivative instruments and hedging activities" for further information.
total other income (expense), net total other expense, net decreased 9.3% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the prior year primarily due to lower pension and opeb non-service costs and lower interest expense driven by the repayment of debt as a result of our continued deleveraging actions. see part ii - item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 11 "debt" for further details on our debt instruments. see part ii - item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 15, "employee retirement plans and postretirement benefits" for further discussion of other pension and opeb.
table of contents liquidity and capital resources liquidity overview our primary sources of liquidity have included cash provided by operating activities and access to external capital. however, the ongoing worldwide disruption caused by the coronavirus pandemic could materially affect our future access to our sources of liquidity. in the event of a sustained market deterioration and declines in net sales, profit and operating cash flow, we may need additional liquidity, which would require us to evaluate available alternatives and take appropriate actions. we currently believe that our cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and cash provided by short-term and long-term borrowings, when necessary, will be adequate to meet our ongoing operating requirements, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, capital expenditures and other obligations for the twelve months subsequent to the date of the issuance of this annual report, and our long-term liquidity requirements.
we continue to focus on navigating the ongoing challenges presented by the coronavirus pandemic by preserving our liquidity and managing our cash flow through taking preemptive actions to enhance our ability to meet our short-term liquidity needs. specifically, we have taken several actions and considered various potential actions that may be needed to meet short-term and mid-term liquidity needs and have resources in place should we need to act on any of these quickly. such potential actions include, but are not limited to, drawing on our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility, including issuing commercial paper under our u.s. commercial paper program (see part ii-item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 11, "debt" regarding details of our current borrowings and remaining capacities under these programs), further accessing the capital markets, reducing discretionary spending including marketing, general and administrative as well as capital expenditures, asset monetization, and taking advantage of certain government-sponsored legislation and programs. we intend to maintain our investment grade debt rating as demonstrated by our continued deleveraging actions which included the repayment of our $1.0 billion 2.1% notes that were due july 2021.
we do not have any restrictions that prevent or limit our ability to declare or pay dividends. on july 15, 2021, our company's board of directors reinstated a quarterly dividend after it was suspended during the second quarter of 2020 to preserve our liquidity position as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.
while we currently expect to have the necessary cash on hand to repay obligations when due, declines in net sales and profit could have a material adverse effect on our financial operations, cash flow and our ability to raise capital. the coronavirus pandemic is ongoing, and because of its dynamic nature, including uncertainties relating to the spread of variants, the rate of vaccinations and the efficacy of vaccines, the duration of the coronavirus pandemic, the duration of on-premise restrictions and closures and related prolonged weakening of economic or other negative conditions, including the impacts on the global supply chain and governmental reactions, we cannot fully anticipate future conditions given the substantial uncertainties in the economy in general. we may have unexpected costs and liabilities; revenue and cash provided by operations may decline; macroeconomic conditions may weaken; and competitive pressures may increase. these factors may result in difficulty maintaining liquidity, meeting our deleverage commitments and complying with our revolving credit facility covenants. as a result, our credit ratings could be downgraded, which would increase our costs of future borrowing and harm our ability to refinance our debt in the future on acceptable terms or at all. however, in anticipation of these uncertainties, we entered into amendment no. 2 to our revolving credit facility on june 19, 2020. while the amendment did not increase our borrowing capacity or extend the term of the facility, it, among other things, revised the leverage ratios under the financial maintenance covenant for each fiscal quarter ending on or after june 30, 2020 through the maturity of the credit agreement.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure additional liquidity if our revolving credit facility is fully drawn, the capital markets become inaccessible or if our credit rating is adversely impacted, which may result in difficulties in accessing debt markets or increase our debt costs. even if we have access to the capital markets, we may not be able to raise capital on acceptable terms or at all. if we are unable to maintain or access adequate liquidity, our ability to timely pay our obligations when due could be adversely affected.
continued disruption and declines in the global economy could also impact our customers' liquidity and capital resources and therefore our ability to collect, or the timeliness of collection of our accounts receivable from them, which may have a material adverse impact on our performance, cash flows and capital resources. we continue to monitor our accounts receivable aging and have recorded reserves as appropriate. in addition, measures taken by governmental agencies to provide relief to businesses could further impact our ability to collect from customers. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 1, "basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies" for additional discussion related to our accounts receivable and associated reserves.
additionally, in response to the coronavirus pandemic, various governmental authorities globally implemented relief programs which we continue to monitor and evaluate, such as the cares act in the u.s. certain of these relief programs table of contents provide temporary deferrals of non-income based tax payments, which positively impacted our operating cash flows in 2020. of the $130 million of temporary net tax payment deferrals as of december 31, 2020, approximately $105 million was repaid during the year ended december 31, 2021, with approximately $25 million outstanding as of december 31, 2021. the majority of the remaining balance is expected to be paid during the year ended december 31, 2022.
while a significant portion of our cash flows from operating activities is generated within the u.s., our cash balances may be comprised of cash held outside the u.s. and in currencies other than usd. as of december 31, 2021, approximately 76% of our cash and cash equivalents were located outside the u.s., largely denominated in foreign currencies. the recent fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may have a material impact on these foreign cash balances. when the earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the u.s., we do not accrue taxes. to the extent necessary, we accrue for tax consequences on the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries upon repatriation. we may utilize tax planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. we periodically review and evaluate these plans and strategies, including externally committed and non-committed credit agreements accessible by the company and each of its operating subsidiaries. we believe these financing arrangements, along with the cash generated from the operations of our u.s. business and other liquidity measures resulting from considerations of the ongoing coronavirus global pandemic, as discussed above, are sufficient to fund our current cash needs in the u.s.
additionally, our cash balances in foreign countries are often subject to additional restrictions and covenants. we may therefore have difficulties repatriating cash held outside of the u.s., and such repatriation may be subject to tax. in some countries, repatriation of certain foreign balances is restricted by local laws and could have adverse tax consequences if we were to move the cash to another country. these limitations may affect our ability to fully utilize our cash resources for needs in the u.s. or other countries and may adversely affect our liquidity.
separately, as discussed in see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 6, "income tax", during third quarter 2021, an income tax audit settlement, which included resolution of the impact of the final u.s. tax hybrid regulations recorded in the second quarter of 2020, was reached with taxing authorities. the settlement resulted in the cash payment of approximately $125 million in the fourth quarter of 2021, including incremental tax liability and related interest.
guarantor information sec registered securities for purposes of this disclosure, including the tables, "parent issuer" shall mean mcbc. "subsidiary guarantors" shall mean certain canadian and u.s. subsidiaries reflecting the substantial operations of our americas segment.
pursuant to the indenture dated may 3, 2012 (as amended, the "may 2012 indenture"), mcbc issued its outstanding 3.5% senior notes due 2022 and 5.0% senior notes due 2042. additionally, pursuant to the indenture dated july 7, 2016, mcbc issued its outstanding 2.1% senior notes due 2021, 3.0% senior notes due 2026, 4.2% senior notes due 2046 and 1.25% senior notes due 2024. the 2.1% senior notes and its associated cross currency swap were subsequently repaid in july 2021 upon maturity using a combination of commercial paper borrowings and cash on hand. the senior notes issued under the may 2012 indenture and the july 2016 indenture were registered under the securities act of 1933, as amended. these senior notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain subsidiaries of mcbc, which are listed on exhibit 22 of this annual report on form 10-k (the "subsidiary guarantors", and together with the parent issuer, the "obligor group"). "parent issuer" in this section is specifically referring to mcbc in its capacity as the issuer of the senior notes under the may 2012 indenture and the july 2016 indenture. each of the subsidiary guarantors is 100% owned by the parent issuer. the guarantees are full and unconditional and joint and several.
none of our other outstanding debt was issued in a transaction that was registered with the sec, and such other outstanding debt is issued or otherwise generally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the obligor group or other consolidated subsidiaries of mcbc. these other guarantees are also full and unconditional and joint and several.
the senior notes and related guarantees rank pari-passu with all other unsubordinated debt of the obligor group and senior to all future subordinated debt of the obligor group. the guarantees can be released upon the sale or transfer of a subsidiary guarantors' capital stock or substantially all of its assets, or if such subsidiary guarantor ceases to be a guarantor under our other outstanding debt.
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 11, "debt" for details of all debt issued and outstanding as of december 31, 2021.
the following summarized financial information relates to the obligor group as of december 31, 2021 on a combined basis, after elimination of intercompany transactions and balances between the obligor group, and excluding the investments in table of contents and equity in the earnings of any non-guarantor subsidiaries. the balances and transactions with non-guarantor subsidiaries have been separately presented.
summarized financial information of obligor group year ended december 31, 2021
(in millions)
net sales, out of which:                                                             $8,402.5
intercompany sales to non-guarantor subsidiaries                                        $29.9
gross profit, out of which:                                                          $3,394.1
intercompany net costs from non-guarantor subsidiaries                               $(421.0)
net interest expense third parties                                                   $(252.4)
intercompany net interest income from non-guarantor subsidiaries                       $121.7
income before income taxes                                                           $1,321.5
net income                                                                           $1,052.9
as of december 31, 2021
(in millions)
total current assets, out of which:                                                       $1,834.4
intercompany receivables from non-guarantor subsidiaries                                    $155.5
total noncurrent assets, out of which:                                                   $25,349.4
noncurrent intercompany notes receivable from non-guarantor subsidiaries                  $3,977.1
total current liabilities, out of which:                                                  $2,725.8
current portion of long-term debt and short-term borrowings                                 $502.9
intercompany payables due to non-guarantor subsidiaries                                      $87.0
total noncurrent liabilities, out of which:                                              $13,714.9
long-term debt                                                                            $6,573.5
noncurrent intercompany notes payable due to non-guarantor subsidiaries                   $4,352.9
cash flows and use of cash our business generates positive operating cash flow each year, and our debt maturities are of a longer-term nature. however, our liquidity could be impacted significantly by the risk factors described in part i, item 1a. "risk factors".
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities of $1,573.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 decreased by $122.2 million compared to $1,695.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to the unfavorable timing of working capital and higher cash paid for income taxes, partially offset by higher net income adjusted for non-cash add-backs and lower interest paid. the unfavorable timing of working capital included $230 million of an unfavorable impact related to prior year net tax payment deferrals, partially offset by the timing of receipts and payments related to higher financial volumes in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. prior year working capital benefited from approximately $130 million of net tax payment deferrals related to various government-sponsored payment deferral programs associated with the coronavirus pandemic, while in 2021 we made over $100 million of net repayments against the net tax payment deferrals.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities of $509.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 increased by $96.3 million compared to $413.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to lower proceeds from the sale of properties and other assets, including $150 million from the sale of the irwindale brewery completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, and higher net cash outflows from other investing activities, partially offset by lower capital expenditures.
table of contents cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities of approximately $1,172.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 increased by $101.8 million compared to $1,070.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to higher net debt repayments and higher dividend payments, partially offset by lower net cash outflows from other financing activities.
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 11, "debt" for a summary of our financing activities and debt position as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020.
capital resources, including material cash requirements cash and cash equivalents we had total cash and cash equivalents of $637.4 million as of december 31, 2021, compared to $770.1 million as of december 31, 2020. the decrease in cash and cash equivalents from december 31, 2020 to december 31, 2021 was primarily due to net debt repayments, including the repayment of our $1.0 billion 2.1% senior notes which matured in july 2021, capital expenditures and dividend payments, partially offset by net cash provided by operating activities and proceeds from the sale of properties and other assets.
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, consolidated statements of cash flows for additional detail. the majority of our cash and cash equivalents are invested in a variety of highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less. these investments are viewed by management as low-risk investments on which there are little to no restrictions regarding our ability to access the underlying cash to fund our operations as necessary. while we have some investments in prime money market funds at times, these are classified as cash and cash equivalents; however, we continually monitor the need for reclassification under the sec requirements for money market funds, and the potential that the shares of such funds could have a net asset value of less than one dollar. we also utilize cash pooling arrangements to facilitate the access to cash across our geographies.
working capital we actively manage working capital through inventory management as well as management of accounts payable and accounts receivable to ensure we are able to meet short-term obligations and we are effectively using assets to increase cash inflows.
table of contents borrowings in july 2021, we repaid our $1.0 billion 2.1% notes upon maturity. notional amounts are presented in usd based on the applicable exchange rate as of december 31, 2021. refer to part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 11, "debt" for details.
table of contents based on the credit profile of our lenders that are party to our credit facilities, we are confident in our ability to continue to draw on our revolving credit facility if the need arises. as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, we had $1.5 billion available to draw under our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility, as there were no outstanding revolving credit facility or commercial paper borrowings.
we intend to further utilize our cross-border, cross currency cash pool as well as our commercial paper programs for liquidity as needed. we also have a jpy line of credit as well as jpy, cad, gbp and usd overdraft facilities across several banks should we need additional short-term liquidity.
under the terms of each of our debt facilities, we must comply with certain restrictions. these include customary events of default and specified representations, warranties and covenants, as well as covenants that restrict our ability to incur certain additional priority indebtedness (certain thresholds of secured consolidated net tangible assets), certain leverage threshold percentages, create or permit liens on assets, and restrictions on mergers, acquisitions, and certain types of sale lease-back transactions.
the maximum leverage ratio, as defined by the amended revolving credit facility agreement as of the last day of the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021 is 4.00x net debt to ebitda, through maturity of the credit facility. as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all of these restrictions, have met such financial ratios and have met all debt payment obligations. all of our outstanding senior notes as of december 31, 2021 rank pari-passu.
in october 2021, we further amended our existing revolving credit facility agreement to replace libor with designated replacement rates for any future borrowings denominated in eur or gbp to ensure continued, uninterrupted access to these markets should we need it.
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 11, "debt" for a complete discussion and presentation of all borrowings and available sources of borrowing, including lines of credit.
guarantees we guarantee indebtedness and other obligations to banks and other third parties for some of our equity method investments and consolidated subsidiaries. guarantees of the outstanding third-party debt of our equity method investments, which are classified as current on the consolidated balance sheets, have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 4, "investments" and note 18, "commitments and contingencies" for further discussion.
table of contents material cash requirements from contractual and other obligations a summary of our material cash requirements from our contractual and other obligations as of december 31, 2021, based on foreign exchange rates as of december 31, 2021, is as follows.
payments due by period total                    less than 1 year                     1 - 3 years                     3 - 5 years                   more than 5 years
(in millions)
debt obligations                                $7,138.6                          $512.3                          $1,314.7                        $2,416.3                          $2,895.3
interest payments on debt obligations            3,450.9                           235.6                             442.4                           408.4                           2,364.5
retirement plan expenditures(1)                    407.4                            45.5                              82.4                            81.4                             198.1
operating leases                                   143.9                            49.8                              59.2                            25.3                               9.6
finance leases                                      98.5                             8.4                              16.3                            19.4                              54.4
other long-term obligations(2)                   2,703.3                           676.7                             877.8                           612.2                             536.6
total obligations                              $13,942.6                        $1,528.3                          $2,792.8                        $3,563.0                          $6,058.5
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 11, "debt", note 15, "employee retirement plans and postretirement benefits," note 16, "derivative instruments and hedging activities," note 18, "commitments and contingencies" and note 19, "leases" for additional information.
(1)represents expected contributions of $4.1 million under our defined benefit pension plans in the next twelve months and our benefit payments under postretirement benefit plans for all periods presented. the net underfunded liability as of december 31, 2021 of our defined benefit pension plans (excluding our overfunded plans) and postretirement benefit plans is $51.2 million and $648.7 million, respectively. defined benefit pension plan contributions in future years will vary based on a number of factors, including actual plan asset returns and interest rates, and thus, have been excluded from the above table.
(2)see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 18, "commitments and contingencies" for further discussion of the majority of the other long-term obligations which includes supply and distribution and advertising and promotions commitments. the remaining balance relates to derivative payments, sales and marketing, supply and distribution, information technology services, open purchase orders and other commitments.
other commercial commitments based on foreign exchange rates as of december 31, 2021, future commercial commitments are as follows:
amount of commitment expiration per period total amounts                    less than 1 year                    1 - 3 years                   3 - 5 years                   more than 5 years committed
(in millions)
standby letters of credit        $62.2                            $59.1                               $3.0                          $-                            $0.1
credit rating our current long-term credit ratings are bbb-/stable outlook, baa3/stable outlook and bbb(low)/negative outlook with standard & poor's, moody's and dbrs, respectively. our short-term credit ratings are a-3, prime-3 and r-2(low), respectively. a securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and it may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the applicable rating agency.
capital expenditures we incurred $558.6 million, and paid $522.6 million, for capital improvement projects worldwide for the year ended december 31, 2021, excluding capital spending by equity method joint ventures, representing an increase of $28.6 million from the $530.0 million of capital expenditures incurred in the year ended december 31, 2020. this increase was primarily due to the timing of expenditures for capital projects. we continue to focus on where and how we employ our planned capital expenditures, with an emphasis on strengthening our focus on required returns on invested capital as we determine how to best allocate cash within the business.
table of contents contingencies we are party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, environmental litigation and indemnities associated with our sale of kaiser to femsa. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 18, "commitments and contingencies" for further discussion.
off-balance sheet arrangements refer to part ii-item 8 financial statements, note 18, "commitments and contingencies" for discussion of off-balance sheet arrangements. as of december 31, 2021, we did not have any other material off-balance sheet arrangements.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we are required to make judgments and estimates that significantly affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. our estimates are based on historical experience, current trends and various other assumptions we believe to be relevant under the circumstances. we review the underlying factors used in our estimates regularly, including reviewing the significant accounting policies impacting the estimates, to ensure compliance with u.s. gaap. however, due to the uncertainty inherent in our estimates, actual results may be materially different. we have identified the accounting estimates below as critical to understanding and evaluating the financial results reported in our consolidated financial statements.
for a complete description of our significant accounting policies, see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 1, "basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies".
pension and other postretirement benefits our defined benefit pension plans cover certain current and former employees in the u.s., canada and the u.k. benefit accruals for the majority of employees in our u.s. and u.k. plans have been frozen and the plans are closed to new entrants. in the u.s., we also participate in, and make contributions to, multi-employer pension plans. our opeb plans provide medical benefits for retirees and their eligible dependents as well as life insurance and, in some cases, dental and vision coverage, for certain retirees in the u.s., canada, and europe. the u.s., canada and u.k. defined benefit pension plans are primarily funded, but all opeb plans are unfunded. we also offer defined contribution plans in each of our segments.
accounting for pension and opeb plans requires that we make assumptions that involve considerable judgment which are significant inputs in the actuarial models that measure our net pension and opeb obligations and ultimately impact our earnings. these include the discount rate, long-term expected rate of return on assets, compensation trends, inflation considerations, health care cost trends and other assumptions, as well as determining the fair value of assets in our funded plans. specifically, the discount rates, as well as the expected rates of return on assets and plan asset fair value determination, are important assumptions used in determining the plans' funded status and annual net periodic pension and opeb costs. we evaluate these critical assumptions at least annually on a plan and country-specific basis. we also, with the help of actuaries, periodically evaluate other assumptions involving demographic factors, such as retirement age, mortality and turnover, and update them to reflect our experience and expectations for the future. while we believe that our assumptions are appropriate, significant differences in our actual experience or significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our net pension and postretirement benefit obligations and related expense.
discount rates the assumed discount rates are used to present-value future benefit obligations based on each plan's respective estimated duration. our pension and postretirement discount rates are based on our annual evaluation of high quality corporate bonds in various markets based on appropriate indices and actuarial guidance. we believe that our discount rate assumptions are appropriate; however, significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our pension and opeb obligations and related expense.
as of december 31, 2021, on a weighted-average basis, the discount rates used were 2.27% for our defined benefit pension plans and 2.59% for our opeb plans. the change from the weighted-average discount rates of 1.84% for our defined benefit pension plans and 2.10% for our postretirement plans as of december 31, 2020 is primarily due to increasing interest rates in 2021.
table of contents a 50 basis point change in our discount rate assumptions would have had the following effects on the projected benefit obligation balances as of december 31, 2021 for our pension and opeb plans:
impact to projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2021
- 50 basis points decrease                                  increase
(in millions)
projected benefit obligation - unfavorable (favorable)
pension obligation                                             $373.1                                    $(333.4)
opeb obligation                                                34.0                                      (32.0)
total impact to the projected benefit obligation               $407.1                                    $(365.4)
our u.k. pension plan includes benefits linked to inflation. the above sensitivity analysis does not consider the implications to inflation resulting from the above contemplated discount rate changes. this sensitivity holds all other assumptions constant.
long-term expected rates of return on assets the assumed long-term expected return on assets is used to estimate the actual return that will occur on each individual funded plan's respective plan assets in the upcoming year. we determine each plan's eroa with substantial input from independent investment specialists, including our actuaries and other consultants. in developing each plan's eroa, we consider current and expected asset allocations, historical market rates as well as historical and expected returns on each plan's individual asset classes. in developing future return expectations for each of our plan's assets, we evaluate general market trends as well as key elements of asset class returns such as expected earnings growth, yields and spreads. the calculation includes inputs for interest, inflation, credit, and risk premium (active investment management) rates and fees paid to service providers. based on the above factors and expected asset allocations, we have assumed, on a weighted-average basis, an eroa of 3.11% for our defined benefit pension plan assets for cost recognition in 2022. this is an increase from the weighted-average rate of 3.03% we assumed for 2021. we believe that our eroa assumptions are appropriate; however, significant changes in our assumptions or actual returns that differ significantly from estimated returns may materially affect our net periodic pension costs.
to compute the expected return on plan assets, we apply the eroa to the market-related value of the pension plan assets adjusted for projected benefit payments to be made from the plan assets and projected contributions to the plan assets. we use the fair value approach to calculate the market-related value of pension plan assets used to determine net periodic pension cost, which includes measuring the market-related value of plan assets at fair value for purposes of determining the expected return on plan assets and amount of gain or loss subject to amortization.
a 50 basis point change in our discount rate and expected return on assets assumptions made at the beginning of 2021 would have had the following effects on 2021 net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs:
impact to 2021 pension and postretirement benefit costs - 50
basis points (unfavorable) favorable decrease                                              increase
(in millions)
description of pension and postretirement plan sensitivity item expected return on pension plan assets                                  $(25.4)                                               $25.4
discount rate on pension plans                                          $5.6                                                  $(9.0)
discount rate on postretirement plans                                   $2.3                                                  $(2.0)
fair value of plan assets we recognize our defined benefit pension plans as assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets based on their underfunded or overfunded status as of our year end and recognize changes in the funded status due to changes in actuarial assumptions in the year in which the changes occur within other comprehensive income. our funded status of our defined benefit pension plans is measured as the difference between each plan's projected benefit obligation and its assets' fair values. the fair value of plan assets is determined by us using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. however, considerable judgment is required in selecting an appropriate methodology and interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value, especially in the absence of quoted market values in an active market. changes in these assumptions or the use of different market inputs may have a material impact on the estimated fair values or the ultimate amount at which the plan assets are available to satisfy our plan obligations.
table of contents equity assets are diversified between domestic and other international investments. relative allocations reflect the demographics of the respective plan participants. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 15, "employee retirement plans and postretirement benefits" for a comparison of target asset allocation percentages to actual asset allocations as of december 31, 2021.
other considerations our net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs are also influenced by the potential amortization (or non-amortization) from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of deferred gains and losses, which occur when actual experience differs from estimates. we employ the corridor approach for determining each plan's amortization. this approach defines the "corridor" as the greater of 10% of the pbo or 10% of the market-related value of plan assets (as discussed above) and requires amortization of the excess net gain or loss that exceeds the corridor over the average remaining service periods of active plan participants. for our closed plans or plans that are primarily inactive, the average remaining life expectancy of all plan participants (including retirees) is used. if our actuarial losses significantly exceed this corridor in the future, significant incremental pension and postretirement costs could result. as of year-end 2021, the deferred losses of several of our canadian plans, as well as those in our u.k. plans, and the deferred gains of our u.s. plan, exceeded the 10% corridor.
the assumed health care cost trend rates represent the rates at which health care costs are assumed to increase and are based on actuarial input and consideration of historical and expected experience. we use these trends as a significant assumption in determining our postretirement benefit obligation and related costs. changes in our projections of future health care costs due to general economic conditions and those specific to health care will impact this trend rate. an increase in the trend rate would increase our obligation and expense of our postretirement health care plan. we believe that our health care cost trend rate assumptions are appropriate; however, significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our postretirement benefit obligations and related costs. as of december 31, 2021, the health care trend rates used were ranging ratably from 6.0% in 2022 to 3.57% in 2040, consistent with our health care trend rates ranging ratably from 6.0% in 2021 to 3.57% in 2040 as of december 31, 2020. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 15, "employee retirement plans and postretirement benefits" for further information.
contingencies, environmental and litigation reserves contingencies, environmental and litigation reserves are recorded when probable, using our best estimate of loss. this estimate, involving significant judgment, is based on an evaluation of the range of loss related to such matters and where the amount and range can be reasonably estimated. these matters are generally resolved over a number of years and only when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. following our initial determination, we regularly reassess and revise the potential liability related to any pending matters as new information becomes available. unless capitalization is allowed or required by u.s. gaap, environmental and legal costs are expensed when incurred. we disclose pending loss contingencies when the loss is deemed reasonably possible, which requires significant judgment. as a result of the inherent uncertainty of these matters, the ultimate conclusion and actual cost of settlement may materially differ from our estimates. we recognize contingent gains upon the determination that realization is assured beyond a reasonable doubt, regardless of the perceived probability of a favorable outcome prior to achieving that assurance. in the instance of gain contingencies resulting from favorable litigation, due to the numerous uncertainties inherent in a legal proceeding, gain contingencies resulting from legal settlements are not recognized in income until cash or other forms of payment are received. if significant and probable, we disclose as appropriate.
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 18, "commitments and contingencies" for a discussion of our contingencies, environmental and litigation reserves as of december 31, 2021.
goodwill and intangible asset valuation goodwill is allocated to the reporting unit in which the business that created the goodwill resides. a reporting unit is an operating segment, or a business unit one level below that operating segment, for which discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management.
we evaluate the carrying value of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually or when an interim triggering event occurs that would indicate that impairment may have taken place. our annual impairment test of indefinite-lived intangible assets was performed as of october 1, the first day of the last fiscal quarter. we evaluate our other definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when evidence exists that certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. significant judgments and assumptions are required in such impairment evaluations.
our annual evaluation involves comparing each reporting unit's fair value to its respective carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value exceeds carrying value, then we conclude that no goodwill impairment has occurred. if a reporting table of contents unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value, we would recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess up to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
we use a combination of discounted cash flow analyses and market approaches to determine the fair value of each of our reporting units, and an excess earnings approach to determine the fair values of our indefinite-lived brand intangible assets. we utilized a qualitative assessment for our water rights in the u.s. in order to determine whether the fair value of those indefinite-lived intangible assets was in excess of their carrying value. our discounted cash flow projections include assumptions for growth rates for sales, costs and profits, which are based on various long-range financial and operational plans of each reporting unit or each indefinite-lived intangible asset. additionally, discount rates used in our goodwill analysis are based on weighted-average cost of capital, driven by the prevailing interest rates in geographies where these businesses operate, as well as the credit ratings, financing abilities and opportunities of each reporting unit, among other factors. discount rates for the indefinite-lived intangible analysis by brand largely reflect the rates supporting the overall reporting unit valuation but may differ slightly to adjust for country or market specific risk associated with a particular brand, among other factors. our market-based valuations utilize earnings multiples of comparable public companies, which are reflective of the market in which each respective reporting unit operates.
changes in the factors used in our fair value estimates, including the impacts of the coronavirus pandemic, declines in industry or company-specific beer volume sales, cost inflation or other margin erosion, termination of brewing and/or distribution agreements with other brewers, and discount rates used, could have a significant impact on the fair values of the reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets.
reporting units and goodwill as of the october 1, 2021 testing date, the fair value of our americas reporting unit was estimated at approximately 6% in excess of its carrying amount and therefore no goodwill impairment charge was required for the americas reporting unit. however, the americas reporting unit is considered to be at risk for future impairments consistent with the 2020 testing results. the fair value in the current year is still largely impacted by the continued perceived risk of realizing management's revitalization efforts and the ongoing impacts from the coronavirus pandemic. in addition, the fair value as of the 2021 test was impacted by assumptions related to increased cost inflation pressures in the medium term. the fair value of the americas reporting unit is heavily dependent upon transforming our company including strengthening our iconic core brands, growing our above premium portfolio and expanding beyond beer. despite successful launches of blue moon lightsky and vizzy, and early success around products like topo chico hard seltzer and our joint venture expansion of yuengling, there is not enough historical data yet to comfortably predict future impacts. additionally, the fact that these products were launched in the midst of a global pandemic makes understanding and predicting their market positions and potential in a normal economy even more challenging. while the americas reporting unit appears to be weathering the ongoing impacts of the pandemic and cost inflation, there is still inherent risk in achieving our goals. the fair value determinations are sensitive to further unfavorable changes in forecasted cash flows, macroeconomic conditions, market multiples or discount rates that could negatively impact future analyses, including the further extent, duration and impact of the ongoing coronavirus pandemic on our reporting units. the key assumptions used to derive the estimated fair values of our reporting units represent level 3 measurements. goodwill allocated to the americas reporting unit as of december 31, 2021 was $6.2 billion.
as of the october 1, 2020 testing date, the carrying value of the emea&apac reporting unit was determined to be in excess of its fair value such that an impairment loss of $1,484.3 million, the full value of goodwill as of october 1, 2020, was recorded.
indefinite-lived intangible assets the fair values of the coors indefinite-lived brands in the americas, the miller indefinite-lived brands in the u.s. and the carling brands in the u.k. continue to be sufficiently in excess of their respective carrying values as of the annual testing date.
the fair value of the staropramen brand increased versus the prior year and is sufficiently in excess of its carrying value as of the annual testing date. the increase in the fair value of the staropramen brand was a result of the progressive reopening of the on-premise business throughout europe, but more impactfully western europe, during the year and the related improvement to expected future cash flows based on our long-range plan for this brand.
we utilize level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of certain indefinite-lived intangible assets, including the coors brands in the americas, miller brands in the u.s. and the staropramen and carling brands in emea&apac. an excess earnings approach is used to determine the fair values of these assets as of the testing date. the future cash flows used in the analysis are based on internal cash flow projections based on our long-range plans and include significant assumptions by management as noted below. separately, we performed a qualitative assessment of our water rights indefinite-lived intangible assets in the u.s. to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair values of these assets table of contents were greater than their respective carrying amounts. based on this qualitative assessment, we determined that a full quantitative analysis was not necessary.
key assumptions as of the date of our annual impairment test, performed as of october 1, the americas reporting unit goodwill balance is at risk of future impairment in the event of significant unfavorable changes in the forecasted cash flows (including company-specific risks like the performance of our above premium transformation efforts and overall market performance of new innovations like hard seltzers, along with macro-economic risks like the continued prolonged weakening of economic conditions and cost inflation, or significant unfavorable changes in tax rates, environmental or other regulations, including interpretations thereof), terminal growth rates, market multiples and/or weighted-average cost of capital utilized in the discounted cash flow analyses. for testing purposes of our reporting units, management's best estimates of the expected future results are the primary driver in determining the fair value. current projections used for the americas reporting unit testing reflect growth assumptions associated with our revitalization plan to build on the strength of our iconic core brands, aggressively grow our above premium portfolio, expand beyond the beer aisle, invest in our capabilities and support our people and our communities, all of which are intended to benefit the projected cash flows of the business. these cash flow assumptions are tempered somewhat by the impacts the coronavirus pandemic has had on our overall business and specifically our more profitable on-premise segment.
fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future. examples of events or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the underlying key assumptions and ultimately impact the estimated fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets may include such items as: (i) a decrease in expected future cash flows, specifically, an inability to execute on our strategic initiatives or an increase in costs that could significantly impact our immediate and long-range results, by a prolonged weakness in consumer demand or other competitive pressures adversely affecting our long-term volume trends, a continuation of the trend away from core brands in certain of our markets, especially in markets where our core brands represent a significant portion of the market, unfavorable working capital changes and an inability to successfully achieve our cost savings targets, (ii) adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions or an economic recovery that significantly differs from our assumptions in timing and/or degree (such as a global pandemic or recession), (iii) significant unfavorable changes in tax rates such as increased corporate income tax rates, (iv) volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors which could result in a higher weighted-average cost of capital, (v) sensitivity to market multiples; and (vi) regulation limiting or banning the manufacturing, distribution or sale of alcoholic beverages.
based on known facts and circumstances, we evaluate and consider recent events and uncertain items, as well as related potential implications, as part of our annual assessment and incorporate into the analyses as appropriate. these facts and circumstances are subject to change and may impact future analyses. for example, we continue to monitor the challenges within the beer industry for further weakening or additional systemic structural declines, as well as for adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions such as the coronavirus pandemic and cost inflation that could significantly impact our immediate and long-range results. the related weakening of economic conditions either as a result of resurgences in the coronavirus pandemic or cost inflation could lead to a material impairment. additionally, we are monitoring the impacts that the coronavirus pandemic and cost inflation have on the market inputs used in calculating our discount rates, including risk-free rates, equity premiums and our cost of debt, which could result in a meaningful change to our weighted-average cost of capital calculation, as well as the market multiples used in our impairment assessment. furthermore, increased volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors, including, but not limited to, extended or future government intervention in response to the coronavirus pandemic, could also result in a meaningful change to our weighted-average cost of capital calculation and other inputs used in our impairment assessment. separately, the ontario provincial government in canada adopted a bill that, if enacted, could adversely impact the existing terms of the beer distribution and retail systems in the province, as further described in part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 18, "commitments and contingencies".
in 2021, the discount rate used in developing our annual fair value estimates for the americas reporting unit was 8.25%, based on market-specific factors, as compared to 8.00% as of the october 1, 2020 annual testing date. the recent interest rate environment has resulted in an increase to the risk-free rate used in the current year discount rate calculations, which is reflected in the americas higher discount rate. this discount rate also continues to be reflective of an unsystematic risk premium related to projected results of various new and unproven brands and innovations. the adverse effect of a higher discount rate driven by the recent interest rate environment is offset by improved cash flow projections for the americas reporting unit. as we continue to recover from the coronavirus pandemic's impacts to the on-premise channel, the current year along with future projections have improved. the discount rates for the miller brands in the u.s., and coors brands in the americas decreased compared to table of contents the discount rates used in the prior year analysis. for the coors brands, this is primarily due to a reduction in the discount rate due to a lower risk premium, which was elevated in the prior year related to assumptions surrounding the launch of coors seltzer. both brands also benefited from decreased perceived risk in meeting management's cash flow projections as they did not rely on new and unproven brands and innovations included in our current year discount rate calculations for the americas reporting unit. the discount rate for the staropramen brands in emea&apac increased compared to the discount rate used in the prior year analysis, primarily due to increases in the unsystematic risk premium related to risks associated with achieving the forecasted results while still in a global pandemic, particularly in eastern europe. conversely, the discount rate for the carling brands in the u.k. decreased compared to the discount rate used in the prior year analysis, primarily due to a decrease in the unsystematic risk premium as a result of the progressive reopening of the on-premise business throughout western europe, and specifically the u.k.
current expectations driving our annual impairment testing as of october 1, 2021 have resulted in fair values of our americas reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible assets in excess of carrying values. however, if our assumptions are not realized, it is possible that further impairment charges may need to be recorded in the future. for example, a 50 basis point increase in our discount rate assumptions, which is within a reasonable range of historical discount rate fluctuations between test dates, would have had the following effects on the fair value cushion in excess of carrying value for the americas reporting unit as of the october 1, 2021 test date:
impact to the fair value cushion as of october 1, 2021
- 50 basis points increase cushion (as reported)                                    cushion (post-sensitivity)
% of fair value in excess of carrying value americas reporting unit       6%                                                       1%
post sensitivity, the fair value of the americas reporting unit remains in excess of its carrying values. the discount rate sensitivity holds all other assumptions and inputs constant.
regarding definite-lived intangible assets, we continuously monitor the performance of the underlying assets for potential triggering events suggesting an impairment review should be performed. in the current year, consistent with our revitalization plan, management made the decision to discontinue select economy skus and brands. it was determined that although these specific brand family line extensions had been discontinued, the brand family itself was still being used and produced. additional evaluation was performed on these specific definite-lived brand intangible assets with no triggering events noted at the asset group level and no changes in useful life of the brand intangible assets deemed necessary. in 2020, we recognized impairment losses on some of our definite-lived intangible assets related to a few of our regional craft breweries in the americas and emea&apac segments, which were recorded in special items, net in the consolidated statement of operations. the impairment losses on the grolsch brand and distribution agreement definite-lived intangible assets and the brand intangible asset related to our india business were recognized in 2019, and recorded in special items, net. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data note 7, "special items" for further details on these impairment losses.
as of december 31, 2021, the carrying values of goodwill and intangible assets were approximately $6.2 billion and $13.3 billion, respectively. if actual performance results differ significantly from our projections or we experience significant fluctuations in our other assumptions, a material impairment loss may occur in the future. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 10, "goodwill and intangible assets" for further discussion and presentation of these amounts.
income taxes income taxes are accounted for in accordance with u.s. gaap. judgment is required in determining our consolidated provision for income taxes. in the ordinary course of our global business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. additionally, our income tax provision is based on calculations and assumptions that are subject to examination by many different tax authorities.
we are periodically subject to tax controversies in various foreign and domestic jurisdictions, which can involve questions regarding our tax positions and result in additional income tax liabilities assessed against us. settlement of any challenge resulting from these tax controversies can result in no change, a complete disallowance, or some partial adjustment reached through negotiations or litigation. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits. we measure and record the tax benefits from such a position based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. our estimated liabilities related to these matters are adjusted in the period in which the uncertain tax position is effectively settled, the statute of limitations for examination expires or when additional information becomes available. our liability for unrecognized tax benefits requires the use of assumptions and significant judgment to estimate the exposures associated with table of contents our various filing positions. although we believe that the judgments and estimates made are reasonable, actual results could differ and resulting adjustments could materially affect our effective tax rate and tax provision.
when cash is available after satisfying working capital needs and all other business obligations, we may distribute cash from a foreign subsidiary to its u.s. parent and record the tax impact associated with the distribution. however, to the extent current earnings of our foreign operations exist and are not otherwise distributed or planned to be distributed, such earnings accumulate. these accumulated earnings are considered permanently reinvested in our foreign operations. we currently would not expect the aggregate of these permanently reinvested earnings, which are largely in deficit positions for u.s. tax purposes, to result in any material u.s. taxes, if distributed.
we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. we evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income, including the reversal of existing temporary differences, historical and projected operating results, and the availability of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. the realization of tax benefits is evaluated by jurisdiction and the realizability of these assets can vary based on the character of the tax attribute and the carryforward periods specific to each jurisdiction. in the event we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would decrease income tax expense in the period a determination was made. likewise, should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would increase income tax expense in the period such determination was made.
there are proposed or pending tax law changes in various jurisdictions in which we do business. as discussed in part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 6, "income tax", we recognize the impacts of changes in tax law upon enactment, and therefore, proposed changes in tax law, regulations and rules are not reflected within our tax provision. as a result, such changes may, upon ultimate enactment, result in material impacts to our financial statements.
new accounting pronouncements new accounting pronouncements not yet adopted see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 2, "new accounting pronouncements" for a description of all new accounting pronouncements.
