item 1a.       risk factors risk factors the following discussion sets forth the material risk factors that could affect teledyne's financial condition and operations. you should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect teledyne. any of the risk factors discussed below could by itself, or combined with other factors, materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, competitive position or reputation, including materially increasing expenses or decreasing revenues, which could result in material losses or a decrease in earnings.
risks related to the 2021 acquisition of flir flir is our largest acquisition to date and our business could be adversely affected if we do not manage the business effectively or if we fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition.
on may 14, 2021, we acquired flir in a cash and stock transaction valued at approximately $8.1 billion (including net debt), our largest to date. flir designs, develops, manufactures, markets, and distributes technologies that enhance perception and awareness. flir provides innovative sensing solutions through thermal imaging, visible-light imaging, video analytics, measurement and diagnostic, and advanced threat detection systems. flir offers a diversified portfolio that serves a number of applications in government and defense, industrial, and commercial markets. flir is part of the digital imaging segment.
while many of the products made and markets served by flir are complementary to teledyne, the acquisition of flir expanded the size of our digital imaging segment relative to our other segments. for the 2021 fiscal year, teledyne's digital imaging segment constituted 52% of our net sales, compared to 32% for the 2020 fiscal year. continued innovation and research and development efforts will be required to maintain flir's leadership position in imaging products. there are numerous risk and uncertainties associated with the acquisition and its integration, including:
•teledyne's and flir's existing business relationships with third parties may be disrupted due to uncertainty associated with the acquisition, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of the combined company.
•unplanned future events and conditions could reduce or delay the accretion to earnings that is currently projected by us in connection with the acquisition.
•we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the transaction, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock.
•the future results of the combined company may be adversely impacted if we do not effectively manage the operations of flir, which includes jurisdictions in which teledyne did not have operations.
•both teledyne and flir may have difficulty retaining, motivating, and attracting executives and other employees in light of the acquisition, including those experienced with post-acquisition integration, and failure to do so could seriously harm the combined company.
•the market price of our common stock may decline as a result of the acquisition if, among other things, the combined company does not achieve the perceived benefits of the acquisition as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts, or if the effect of the acquisition on the combined company's financial results is not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts.
adverse findings in matters related flir's historical export control practices could materially impact us.
on april 24, 2018, flir entered into a consent agreement with the united states department of state's directorate of defense trade controls to resolve allegations regarding the unauthorized export of technical data and defense services to dual and third country nationals in certain of flir's facilities, the failure to properly use and manage export licenses and export authorizations, and failures to report certain payments under 22 cfr part 130 in potential violation of international traffic in arms regulations ("itar"). the consent agreement has a four-year term and provides for: (i) a civil penalty of $30.0 million with $15.0 million of this amount suspended on the condition that the funds have or will be used for department-approved consent agreement remedial compliance measures, (ii) the appointment of an external special compliance official to oversee compliance with the consent agreement and the itar; (iii) two external audits of our itar compliance program; and (iv) continued implementation of ongoing remedial compliance measures and additional remedial compliance measures related to automated systems and itar compliance policies, procedures, and training. while flir has enhanced its trade compliance program more broadly, implemented and continues to implement remedial measures and completed two external audits of flir's itar compliance program, additional adverse disclosures and findings could materially cause incurrence of additional expenses in connection with implementation of remedial measures and result in a substantial adjustment to our revenue and net income. as of january 2, 2022, under the consent agreement, $3.5 million remains to be paid by april 24, 2022. flir's investments to date in remedial compliance measures have been more than sufficient to cover the $15.0 million suspension amount.
in june 2017, the bureau of industry and security ("bis") of the united states department of commerce informed flir of additional export licensing requirements that restricted flir's ability to sell certain thermal products without a license to customers in china not identified on a list maintained by the united states department of commerce. this action was precipitated by concerns of sale without a license or potential diversion of some of flir's products to prohibited end users and to countries subject to economic and other sanctions implemented by the united states. bis subsequently favorably modified these restrictions to reduce the applicability of the restrictions to sales of flir's tau camera cores (as opposed to finished products containing tau camera cores) to customers in china not identified on a list maintained by the united states department of commerce and persons in a country other than those in the export administration regulations ("ear") country group a:5 (supplement no. 1 to part 740 of the ear). flir has identified certain shipments that potentially violate these license requirements and voluntarily disclosed this matter to bis.
in april 2021, flir resolved allegations of misrepresentations made to bis, between november 2012 and december 2013, in a commodity jurisdiction request relating to its newly developed lepton uncooled focal plane arrays by an administrative settlement and fine of $0.3 million and agreeing to perform two internal audits of its ear export compliance programs. the first internal audit has been completed and pursuant to flir's findings, as a result of certain findings flir submitted one voluntary self-disclosure to report potential violations.
flir has made other voluntary disclosures to the u.s. department of commerce, including to bis with respect to the shipments of products from non-u.s. jurisdictions which were not authorized due to a potentially incorrect de minimis calculation methodology under section 734.4 and supplement no. 2 of the ear.
at this time, based on available information, we are unable to reasonably estimate the time it may take to resolve these matters or the amount or range of potential loss, penalty or other government action, if any, that may be incurred in connection with these matters. however, an unfavorable outcome could result in substantial fines and penalties or loss or suspension of export privileges or of particular authorizations that could be material to the company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows in and following the period in which such an outcome becomes estimable or known.
the final acquisition accounting adjustments for these matters may be materially different, as teledyne obtains additional information on these matters and as additional information is made known during the post-acquisition measurement period.
risks related to our indebtedness our indebtedness, and any failure to comply with our covenants that apply to our indebtedness, could materially and adversely affect our business.
as of january 2, 2022, we had $3,500.0 million total outstanding indebtedness in senior notes, $505.6 million in term loans and $125.0 million outstanding under our $1,150.0 million floating rate credit facility. teledyne incurred a significant amount of indebtedness in connection with the financing of the flir acquisition. we also incurred additional indebtedness through the planned assumption of flir's existing senior notes. the use of indebtedness to finance the acquisition reduced our liquidity and caused us to place more reliance on cash generated from operations to pay principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow for operating activities and capital expenditure needs or to pursue other potential strategic plans. the agreements we entered into with respect to our indebtedness, including the agreements we entered into to finance the flir acquisition and in connection with the assumption of flir's existing senior notes, contain negative covenants, that, subject to certain exceptions, include limitations on indebtedness, liens, dispositions, investments and mergers and other fundamental changes. our ability to comply with these negative covenants can be affected by events beyond our control. the indebtedness and these negative covenants may also have the effect, among other things, of limiting our ability to obtain additional financing, if needed, reducing the funds available to make acquisitions, capital expenditures, or reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business or market conditions, and making us more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions. in addition, a breach of the negative covenants could result in an event of default with respect to the indebtedness, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. our indebtedness also exposes us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt obligations are at variable rates.
we may not be able to service our debt obligations.
our ability to meet our expense and debt service obligations will depend on our future performance, including the cash we generate from operating activities, which will be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors, including potential changes in laws or regulations, industry conditions, industry supply and demand balance, customer preferences, the success of our products and pressure from competitors. if we are unable to meet our debt service obligations or should we fail to comply with our financial and other negative covenants contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness, we may be required to refinance all or part of our debt, sell important strategic assets at unfavorable prices, incur additional indebtedness or issue common stock or other equity securities. we may not be able to, at any given time, refinance our debt, sell assets, incur additional indebtedness or issue equity securities on terms acceptable to us, in amounts sufficient to meet our needs. if we are able to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities, such issuance would also result in dilution to our stockholders. our inability to service our obligations or refinance our debt could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. in addition, our debt obligations may limit our ability to make required investments in capacity, technology or other areas of our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.
the credit rating of teledyne could be downgraded, which may increase borrowing costs.
there can be no assurance that the credit ratings of teledyne's debt will not be subject to a downgrade below investment grade. if a ratings downgrade were to occur, we could experience higher borrowing costs in the future and more restrictive debt covenants, which would reduce profitability and diminish operational flexibility.
risks related to our business and industry acquisitions involve inherent risks that may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
our growth strategy includes acquisitions. in 2021 and 2020, we expended $8.1 billion in cash and stock and $29.0 million in cash, respectively, relating to acquisitions and other investments. acquisitions involve various inherent risks, such as:
•our ability to assess accurately the value, strengths, weaknesses, internal controls, contingent and other liabilities and potential profitability of acquisition candidates;
•difficulties in integrating acquired businesses, including the potential loss of key personnel from an acquired business, our potential inability to achieve identified financial, operating and other synergies anticipated to result from an acquisition, and integration issues associated with internal controls of acquired businesses;
•the diversion of management's attention from our existing businesses;
•the potential impairment of assets;
•potential unknown liabilities associated with a business that we acquire or in which we invest, including environmental liabilities; and
•production delays associated with consolidating acquired facilities and manufacturing operations.
while we conduct financial and other due diligence in connection with our acquisitions and generally seek some form of protection, such as indemnification from the seller, insurance coverage, and sometimes placing a portion of the purchase price in escrow to cover potential liabilities, such acquired companies may have weaknesses or liabilities that are not accurately assessed or brought to our attention at the time of the acquisition. further, indemnities, insurance or escrow arrangements may not fully cover such matters and acquisition of public companies, such as our acquisition of flir, typically do include post closing indemnities or escrows.
in connection with our acquisitions, including those acquisitions that we do not complete, we may incur significant transaction costs. we are required to expense, as incurred, such transaction costs, which may have a material adverse impact on our financial results.
we are experiencing component and raw material shortages due to worldwide supply chain constraints which impacts our ability to manufacture and ship all of the product for which we have demand.
our business is being impacted by interruptions in the supply chain, due in part to the covid pandemic, a resumption of strong worldwide demand for electronic products and components across a number of end markets, and interruption in supplier and port operations. as a result, we are experiencing delays in delivery and shortages of certain components and raw materials needed for many of the products we manufacture, particularly certain types of semiconductors, silicon wafers, specialized raw materials and chemicals, adhesives, engineered plastics and electronic components. these conditions are currently limiting our ability to manufacture and ship all of the product for which we have demand. in some cases, we have had to commit to additional orders or longer-term contracts from suppliers to secure needed components and materials. we expect these delays and shortages to continue in 2022 and that such shortages could result in delays in shipments to our customers during the period of such shortages. any such delays would reduce our revenue and margins for the periods affected and would also result in an increase in our inventory of other components, which would reduce our operating cash flow.
increased prices for components and raw materials used in our products and higher labor and shipping costs could adversely impact our profitability.
supply chain constraints and improving economic conditions have resulted in sustained increases in the prices we pay for many of the components and raw materials used in our products. in addition, we are experiencing higher labor costs due to increased competition for personnel in many regions in which we operate as well as general inflationary conditions, and higher shipping costs due to labor and vehicle shortages and rising energy prices. we expect inflationary pressures to persist in 2022. we may be unable to adjust our product pricing to reflect such higher costs. if we are unable to increase our product prices enough to offset these increased costs, our gross margins and profitability could decrease, perhaps significantly over a sustained period of time.
our inability to attract and retain key personnel and labor shortages resulting from the covid pandemic and improving economic conditions, could have a material adverse effect on our future success.
our future success depends to a significant extent upon the continued service of our executive officers and other key management and technical personnel and on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. the lack of human capital due to very competitive labor market conditions in certain regions could impact our ability to deliver products and services. the skilled manufacturing and specialized engineering labor market is currently very competitive. a significant portion of our revenue depends on the availability of a highly skilled technical workforce. it is critical that we retain, develop, and grow our workforce to protect future revenue and improve our competitive advantage. we are experiencing increased competition for our most talented employees which may erode our competitive advantage, impair our ability to meet certain customer requirements or increase labor costs.
we have experienced and may continue to experience temporary labor shortages as a result of the covid pandemic due to personnel contracting the virus or needing to quarantine at home as a result of exposure to the virus, as well as due to restrictive measures implemented by governments around the world to help control the spread of the virus, including shelter in place or stay at home orders, school closures, orders that reduced the availability of public transportation and other measures. government-imposed vaccine mandates could negatively affect the availability of personnel or could lead to the attrition of personnel. these impacts to our labor force resulting from the covid pandemic could materially affect our ability to manufacture, ship or deliver our products, and in certain instances may result in higher wage costs, which could adversely impact our revenue and our results of operations we also have a mature workforce. some of our businesses, including our businesses in traveling wave tube and integrated microwave module design and development, draw from a pool of specialized engineering talent that is small and currently shrinking. some of our businesses have a need for employees with a certain level of security clearance, and competition for such employees has increased. while we have engaged in succession planning, the loss of the services of one or more of our key employees or our failure to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
escalating global trade tensions, and the conflict between russia and ukraine, and the adoption or expansion of tariffs and trade restrictions could negatively impact us.
china represented one of the top five countries for our international sales in 2021 and 2020. any tariffs or other trade restrictions affecting the import of products from china or any retaliatory trade measures taken by china in response to existing or future tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
starting in 2018, the u.s. government imposed tariffs on a wide range of goods imported from china and china has retaliated by placing tariffs on various u.s. origin goods. while both countries signed a preliminary trade agreement in january 2020 halting further tariffs and increasing sales of u.s. goods to china, the agreement leaves in place most tariffs on chinese goods. the final outcome of the negotiations and agreements is not possible to predict. further escalation of the "trade war" between the u.s. and china, or the countries' inability to reach further trade agreements, could result in continued or increased tariffs. high tariffs generally increase the cost of materials for our products, which could result in our products becoming less competitive or generating lower margins. with high tariffs imposed on our products, we may also need to find new suppliers and components for our products, which could result in production delays. to the extent our products are the subject of retaliatory tariffs, customers in some countries or regions, such as china, may begin to seek domestic or non-u.s. sources for products that we sell, or be pressured or incentivized by foreign governments not to purchase u.s.-origin goods, which could harm our future sales in these markets. additionally, china has bolstered laws or regulations requiring the use of local china suppliers and in-country manufacturing, which has had a negative impact on teledyne's revenues of instrumentation, marine and digital imaging products, as we currently have limited manufacturing operations in china.
additionally, a number of well-established customers and suppliers have become listed on government restricted party lists without much warning. in particular, u.s. export enforcement agencies have placed several chinese and russian companies and many of their international subsidiaries on such lists, prohibiting the export to them of most commercial and dual-use items subject to the ear. tariffs and trade restrictions could result in revenue reduction, price increases on material used in our products or production delays, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operational results and cash flows.
the conflict between russia and ukraine could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets and industries that could negatively impact our operations. the u.s. government and other governments in jurisdictions in which we operate have imposed severe sanctions and export controls against russia and russian interests and threatened additional sanctions and controls. the impact of these measures, as well as potential responses to them by russia, is currently unknown and they could adversely affect our business, supply chain, partners or customers.
recession, financial and credit market disruptions, or an economic slowdown in china, may adversely affect us.
if another global recession emerges, or if economic growth in china slows, we may experience declines in revenues, profitability and cash flows from reduced orders, payment delays, collection difficulties, increased price pressures for our products, increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories or other factors caused by the economic problems of our customers. our sales to china-based customers represented approximately 5.6% and 6.0% of total revenues in 2021 and 2020, respectively. economic growth in china had slowed due to the covid pandemic. continued growth in many of our businesses, including those in our environmental instrumentation group, could be negatively impacted if another economic downturn occurs in china. the covid pandemic has increased volatility and pricing in the capital markets. if negative conditions in the global credit markets prevent our customers from having access to credit or render them insolvent, orders for our products may decrease, which would result in lower revenue. likewise, if our suppliers face challenges in obtaining credit, in selling their products, or otherwise in operating their businesses or remaining solvent, they may become unable to offer the materials we use to manufacture our products. an economic or credit crisis could also impact our ability to raise capital when needed. these events could adversely impact our ability to manufacture affected products and could also result in reductions in our revenue, increased price competition, and increased operating costs, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operational results, and cash flows.
we develop and manufacture products for customers in the energy exploration and production markets, domestic and international commercial aerospace markets, the semiconductor industry, and the consumer electronics, telecommunications and automotive industries; each of which has been cyclical, exhibited rapid changes and suffered from fluctuating market demands. a cyclical downturn in these markets may materially affect future operating results. due to declines in air travel since the start of the covid pandemic, we face risk that our addressable market for retrofit products will shrink further as airlines retire a significant number of aircraft.
in addition, we sell products and services to customers in industries that are sensitive to the level of general economic activity and consumer spending habits and to customers in more mature industries that are sensitive to capacity constraints. adverse economic conditions affecting these industries may reduce demand for our products and services, which may reduce our revenues, profits or production levels. some of our businesses serve industries such as power generation and petrochemical refining, which may be negatively impacted in the event of future reductions in global capital expenditures and manufacturing capacity, or as a result of global environmental sustainability efforts.
we are subject to the risks associated with international sales and international operations, and events in those countries could harm our business or results of operations.
during 2021, sales to customers outside the united states accounted for approximately 47% of our net sales, compared with 45% in 2020. in 2021, we sold products to customers in over 100 countries. in 2021, the top five countries for international sales were china, the united kingdom, germany, japan and france, constituting approximately 20% of our total sales. we anticipate that future sales to international customers will continue to account for a significant and increasing percentage of our revenues, particularly since business and growth plans for many teledyne businesses focus on sales outside of the united states to china and emerging markets such as india, brazil and west africa.
risks associated with international sales and operations include, but are not limited to:
•political and economic instability;
•international terrorism;
•export controls, including u.s. export controls related to china, sanctions related to russia, and increased scrutiny of exports of marine instruments, digital imaging and other products;
•failure to comply with anti-bribery legislation, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act;
•changes in legal and regulatory requirements;
•u.s. and foreign government policy changes affecting the markets for our products;
•changes in tax laws and tariffs;
•changes in u.s. - china and u.s. - russia relations;
•difficulties in protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights;
•failure to comply with the foreign data protection laws, including the eu general data protection regulation ("gdpr") in the european union and the personal information protection law in china;
•inadvertent transfers of export-controlled information due to increased cross-border technology transfers and the use of offshore computer servers;
•transportation, including piracy in international waters;
•currency exchange rate fluctuations; and
•challenges relating to managing a global workforce with diverse cultures and backgrounds.
any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. currency exchange rate fluctuations may increase the cost of our products to international customers and therefore reduce our competitive position.
in june 2016, the u.k. held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the european union ("e.u."), commonly referred to as "brexit." the u.k. formally left the e.u. on january 31, 2020 and entered a transition period until december 31, 2020 during which the u.k. remained in both the e.u. customs union and single market. that transition period has now ended and the e.u. and u.k. have entered into a trade and cooperation agreement ("tca"). the tca ensures tariff-free and quota-free trade in goods between the e.u and the u.k. but also introduces certain non-tariff barriers to trade. in the medium- to long-term, the withdrawal of the u.k. from the e.u. may create further global economic uncertainty, which may adversely impact the economies of the u.k., the e.u. countries and other nations, may cause our current and future customers to reduce their spending on our products and services, and may cause certain e.u.-based customers to source products from businesses based outside of the u.k. potential brexit-related risks for our u.k.-based businesses also include increased import duties, loss of customers in the e.u., delays in the movement of goods between the u.k. and the e.u. and loss of access to the e.u. labor pool. given our several u.k.-based businesses, volatility in the value of the british pound relative to the u.s. dollar, or other foreign currencies, could increase the cost of raw materials and components for our u.k.-based businesses and could otherwise adversely affect the business, operations and the financial condition of our u.k.-based businesses.
we generate revenue from companies in the oil and gas industry, especially the offshore oil and gas industry, a historically cyclical industry with levels of activity that are significantly affected by the levels and volatility of oil and gas prices.
the oil and gas industry has historically been cyclical and characterized by significant changes in the levels of exploration and development activities. oil and gas prices, and market expectations of potential changes in those prices, significantly affect the levels of those activities. any prolonged reduction in the overall level of offshore oil and gas exploration and development activities, whether resulting from changes in oil and gas prices or otherwise, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and the results of our businesses within our instrumentation segment.
some factors that have affected and are likely to continue affecting oil and gas prices and the level of demand for our products and services include the following:
•worldwide demand for oil and gas;
•general economic and business conditions and industry trends;
•the ability of the organization of petroleum exporting countries ("opec"), to set and maintain production levels;
•the level of production by non-opec countries;
•the ability of oil and gas companies to generate or raise funds for capital expenditures;
•domestic and foreign tax policy;
•laws and governmental regulations that restrict exploration and development of oil and gas in various offshore jurisdictions;
•laws and governmental regulation that restrict the use of hydraulic fracturing;
•technological changes;
•the political environment of oil-producing regions;
•the price and availability of alternative fuels; and
•climate change regulations that provide incentives to conserve energy, use electric vehicles or use alternative energy sources, or that impose restrictions on the development and extraction of oil and gas.
teledyne manufactures seismic energy sources, interconnects and data acquisition products that are used in offshore energy exploration. when crude oil and natural gas prices are low, the level of marine seismic exploration activity typically decreases, potentially resulting in reduced demand for our products used in offshore energy exploration. in addition, a decline in the level of capital spending by oil and natural gas companies may result in a reduced rate of development of new energy reserves, which could adversely affect demand for our products related to energy production, and, in certain instances, result in the cancellation, modification or rescheduling of existing orders and a reduction in customer-funded research and development related to next generation products.
higher tax rates may harm our results of operations and cash flow.
as teledyne expands globally, increases in the united states of the taxation of foreign income and expenses may harm our results of operations and cash flow. the relative amount of income we earn in other jurisdictions could reduce our net income and increase our cash payments. additionally, the u.s. presidential administration proposed a higher u.s. federal statutory corporate income tax rate of 28% compared to the current rate of 21%. such increased income tax rate in the u.s. or in other jurisdictions could also reduce our net income and increase our cash payments.
changes in future business conditions could cause business investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets to become impaired, resulting in significant losses and write-downs that would reduce our operating income.
on january 2, 2022, teledyne's goodwill was $7,986.7 million and net acquired intangible assets were $2,741.6 million. under current accounting guidance, we are required to test annually both acquired goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment based upon a fair value approach, rather than amortizing the value over time. we have chosen to perform our annual impairment reviews of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. we are also required to test goodwill for impairment between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce our enterprise fair value below its book value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, including a significant sustained decline in an entity's market value, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of the business, or other factors. if the fair market value is less than the carrying value, including goodwill, we could be required to record an impairment charge. the valuation of reporting units requires judgment in estimating future cash flows, discount rates and estimated product life cycles. in making these judgments, we evaluate the financial health of the business, including such factors as industry performance, changes in technology and operating cash flows. as we have grown through acquisitions, the amount of goodwill and net acquired intangible assets is a significant portion of our total assets. as a result, the amount of any annual or interim impairment could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial results for the period in which the charge is taken. we also may be required to record an earnings charge or incur unanticipated expenses if, as a result of a change in strategy or other reason, we were to determine the value of other assets had been impaired.
for additional discussion of business investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets, see the discussion under "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of operations and financial condition" and note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our revenue from u.s. government contracts depends on the continued availability of funding from the u.s. government, and, accordingly, we have the risk that funding for our existing contracts may be canceled or diverted to other uses or delayed or that funding for new programs will not be available.
we perform work on a number of contracts with the u.s. department of defense and other agencies and departments of the u.s. government including subcontracts with government prime contractors. sales under contracts with the u.s. government, including sales under contracts with the u.s. department of defense, as prime contractor or subcontractor, represented approximately 26% of our total net sales in both 2021 and 2020. performance under government contracts has inherent risks that could have a material effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
government contracts are conditioned upon the continuing availability of congressional appropriations and the failure of congress to appropriate funds for programs in which we participate could negatively affect our results of operations. u.s. government shutdowns have resulted in delays in anticipated contract awards and delayed payments of invoices for several of our businesses and any new shutdown could have similar or worse effects. the failure by congress to approve future budgets on a timely basis could delay procurement of our products and services and cause us to lose future revenues. any renewed emphasis on federal deficit and debt reduction could lead to a further decrease in overall defense spending. budgetary concerns could result in future contracts being awarded more on price than on other competitive factors, and smaller defense budgets could result in government in-sourcing of programs and more intense competition on programs that are not in-sourced, which could result in lower revenues and profits.
also, defense spending does not necessarily correlate to continued business for us, because not all of the programs in which we participate or have current capabilities may be provided with continued funding. changes in policy and budget priorities by the u.s. presidential administration for various defense and nasa programs could impact our engineered systems, aerospace and defense electronics and digital imaging segments. our aerospace and defense electronics segment may be impacted by volume or price reductions in connection with the f-35 joint strike fighter program, to the extent they are imposed. the timing of program cycles can affect our results of operations for a quarter or year, and cancellations of significant programs such as the international space station ("iss"), mo&i, the shallow water combat submersible ("swcs") or u.s. navy health and research would affect our results.
in 2021 and 2020, our largest contract with the u.s. government was the mo&i contract, which represented 1.0% and 1.5% of our total net sales, respectively. in june 2020, teledyne brown engineering, inc. was notified that nasa had awarded to another contractor the marshall operations, systems, services, and integration ("mossi") contract, which represented a combination of the huntsville operations support center contract and the mo&i contract. subsequently, teledyne brown engineering, inc. filed a protest challenging such award, which protest was sustained and which sustainment triggered the cancelation of the mossi request for proposal and requiring a new award solicitation to begin. the mo&i contract continues through june 2022 with options to extend up through december 2022. nasa released the new acquisition solicitation, the marshall operations, systems, services, and integration ii, in august 2021. notification of award is expected in the second half of 2022. there is no guarantee that teledyne will be awarded this new contract.
it is also not uncommon for the u.s. department of defense to delay the timing of awards or change orders for major programs for six to twelve months. these delays by the u.s. government could impact our revenues. delays in procurements, awards and modifications to contracts have negatively impacted revenue in 2021. this trend is continuing in 2022 and may also impact future revenue. uncertainty over budgets or priorities with the u.s. presidential administration could result in further delays in funding and the timing of awards, and changes in funded programs that could have a material impact on our revenues. u. s. government operation under a continuing resolution could impact the business by preventing new programs from starting as planned and by, limiting funding on existing programs. a significant shift in u.s. government priorities related to programs and acquisition strategies could have a material impact to our financial results.
further, most of our u.s. government contracts are subject to termination by the u.s. government either at its convenience or upon the default of the contractor. termination for convenience provisions provides only for the recovery of costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses, and profit on work completed prior to termination. termination for default clauses imposes liability on the contractor for excess costs incurred by the u.s. government in re-procuring undelivered items from another source. we had no u.s. government contracts terminated for convenience or default in 2021 or in 2020.
our u.s. government contracting business is subject to government contracting regulations, including increasingly complex regulations on cybersecurity, and our failure to comply with such laws and regulations could harm our operating results and prospects.
our u.s. government contracting businesses, like other government contractors, are subject to various audits, reviews and investigations (including private party "whistleblower" lawsuits) relating to our compliance with applicable federal and state laws and regulations. more routinely, the u.s. government may audit the costs we incur on our u.s. government contracts, including allocated indirect costs. such audits could result in adjustments to our contract costs. any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed, and such costs already reimbursed would need to be refunded. we have recorded contract revenues based upon costs we expect to realize after final audit. in a worst case scenario, should a business or division be charged with wrongdoing, or should the u.s. government determine that the business or division is not a "presently responsible contractor," that business or division, and conceivably our company as a whole, could be temporarily suspended or, in the event of a conviction, could be debarred for up to three years from receiving new government contracts or government-approved subcontracts. in addition, we could expend substantial amounts defending against such charges and in damages, fines and penalties if such charges were proven or were to result in negotiated settlements. routine audits by u.s. government agencies of teledyne's various procurement and accounting systems have the potential to result in disapproval of the audited systems by the administrative contracting officer. disapproval could significantly impact cash flow, as up to 10% may be withheld from payments.
the department of defense as well as other u.s. government contracting agencies have adopted rules and regulations requiring contractors to implement a set of cybersecurity measures to attain the safeguarding of contractor systems that process, store, or transmit certain information. implementation and compliance with these cybersecurity requirements is complex and costly, and could result in unforeseen expenses, lower profitability and, in the case of non-compliance, penalties and damages, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business. the cybersecurity requirements also impact our supply base which could impact cost, schedule and performance on programs if suppliers do not meet the requirements and therefore, do not qualify to support the programs.
we may not have sufficient resources to fund all future research and development and capital expenditures or possible acquisitions.
in order to remain competitive, we must make substantial investments in research and development of new or enhanced products and continuously upgrade our process technology and manufacturing capabilities. our research and development efforts primarily involve engineering and design related to improving existing products and developing new products and technologies in the same or similar fields. our teledyne scientific company subsidiary, which serves as our primary research center, has been actively promoting and funding joint research and development projects with other teledyne businesses, including teledyne oil & gas, teledyne defense electronics, teledyne digital imaging and our test and measurement businesses. the business of teledyne e2v, for which the design and development of specialized technology for high performance systems and equipment is integral, also requires substantial investments in research and development. additionally, some of our businesses have sought or are actively pursuing governmental support and funding for some of their research and development initiatives, including funding in 2019 for dalsa's semiconductor foundry in bromont, quebec. nonetheless, we may be unable to fund all of our research and development and capital investment needs or possible strategic acquisitions of businesses or product lines. our ability to raise additional capital will depend on a variety of factors, some of which will not be within our control, including the existence of bank and capital markets, investor perceptions of us, our businesses and the industries in which we operate, and general economic conditions. failure to successfully raise needed capital or generate cash flow on a timely or cost-effective basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, if we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in research and development of products that do not lead to significant revenue, which would adversely affect our profitability.
limitations in customer funding for applied research and development and limitations in government support for research and development expenditures may reduce our ability to apply our ongoing investments in some market areas.
we may be unable to successfully introduce new and enhanced products in a timely and cost-effective manner or increase our participation in new markets, which could harm our profitability and prospects.
our operating results depend in part on our ability to introduce new and enhanced products on a timely basis. we have major development activities at some of our businesses, for which a failure to execute in a timely manner could negatively impact those businesses. in order to improve our product development capabilities, we purchased the research center that is now teledyne scientific company in 2006 and in 2011 we purchased dalsa to gain access to a well-equipped mems research and development center. in 2013, we opened a 52,000-square-foot technology development center in daytona beach, florida primarily to serve the offshore oil and gas production and exploration industries. we are currently upgrading infrastructure at teledyne e2v's facility in chelmsford, u.k. and have expanded teledyne dalsa's mems foundry in bromont, quebec, as well as acquired a second mems foundry in edmonton, alberta as part of the micralyne acquisition. successful product development and introduction depend on numerous factors, including our ability to anticipate customer and market requirements, changes in technology and industry standards, our ability to differentiate our product offerings from the product offerings of our competitors, and market acceptance. we may not be able to develop and introduce new or enhanced products in a timely and cost-effective manner or to develop and introduce products that satisfy customer requirements.
we also have the risk that our defense businesses may not be able to replace revenue related to legacy platforms with products for new platform applications. we face the risk that changes in systems architectures will obviate the need for our products. for example, electronically steered radar arrays do not need certain high voltage interconnects like mechanically steered radar arrays do and unmanned aircraft will not need ejection seat sequencers.
our new products also may not achieve market acceptance or correctly address new industry standards and technological changes. we may also lose any technological advantage to competitors if we fail to develop new products in a timely manner.
additionally, new products may trigger increased warranty costs as information on such products is augmented by actual usage. accelerated entry of new products to meet heightened market demand and competitive pressures may cause additional warranty costs as development and testing time periods might be accelerated or condensed.
we intend to both adapt our existing technologies and develop new products to expand into new market segments. we may be unsuccessful in accessing these and other new markets if our products do not meet our customers' requirements, as a result of changes in either technology and industry standards or because of actions taken by our competitors.
we may not be able to reduce the costs of our products to satisfy customers' cost reduction mandates, which could harm our sales or margins.
cost conscious customers may seek price reductions of our products. while we continually work to reduce our manufacturing and other costs of our products, without affecting product quality and reliability, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so or to do so in a timely manner to satisfy the pricing pressures of our customers. prices of raw materials and other components used in our products may be beyond our control depending on market conditions. as a result, customers may seek lower cost products from china or other developing countries where manufacturing costs are lower.
the airline industry is heavily regulated, and if we fail to comply with applicable requirements, our results of operations could suffer.
the federal aviation administration ("faa") and equivalent regulatory agencies have increasingly focused on the need to assure that airline industry products are designed with sufficient cybersecurity controls to protect against unauthorized access or other unwanted compromise. a failure to meet these evolving expectations could negatively impact sales into the industry and expose us to legal or contractual liability.
governmental agencies throughout the world, including the faa, prescribe standards and qualification requirements for aircraft components, including virtually all commercial airline and general aviation products. specific regulations vary from country to country, although compliance with faa requirements generally satisfies regulatory requirements in other countries. if any material authorization or approval qualifying us to supply our products is revoked or suspended, then sale of the product would be prohibited by law, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, the faa or equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries propose new regulations or changes to existing regulations, which often are more stringent than existing regulations. if such proposals are adopted and enacted, we may incur significant additional costs to achieve compliance, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
recent trends by china's aviation authority to relax restrictions on airspace may be reversed, and anticipated new regulations loosening airspace restrictions may not materialize, which could impact sales prospects in china for our commercial aerospace businesses.
increasing competition could reduce the demand for our products and services.
each of our markets is highly competitive. many of our competitors have, and potential competitors could have, greater name recognition, a larger installed base of products, more extensive engineering, manufacturing, marketing and distribution capabilities and greater financial, technological and personnel resources. new or existing competitors may also develop new technologies that could adversely affect the demand for our products and services. we have been experiencing increased competition for some of our key products. furthermore, some of our patents have or are expiring, which could open up further competition. additionally, some of our customers have been developing competing products or electing to vertically integrate and replace our products with their own. for example, airbus is providing a wireless product, fomax, which now competes directly with teledyne controls hardware and services. furthermore, boeing has announced a vertical integration program, which includes avionics. lastly, some of our products face increasing competition from alternative technologies.
industry acquisition and consolidation trends, particularly among aerospace and defense contractors, have adversely impacted demand for our aerospace and defense related engineering services as large prime contractors elect to in-source major acquisition programs and expand small business participation to meet u.s. government contracting goals. such consolidations can also cause delays in business as the newly consolidated organization undergoes integration.
low-cost competition from china and other developing countries could also result in decreased demand for our products. increasing competition could reduce the volume of our sales or the prices we may charge, which would negatively impact our revenues. we are experiencing increasing competition in our digital imaging businesses from chinese manufacturers which offer lower cost products with increasingly advanced technical capabilities. smaller defense budgets both in the united states and europe could result in additional competition for new and existing defense programs.
product liability claims, product recalls and field service actions could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition and we may have difficulty obtaining product liability and other insurance coverage.
as a manufacturer and distributor of a wide variety of products, including monitoring instruments, products used in offshore oil and gas production, products used in transportation and commercial aviation and products used in medical devices (including x-ray detectors), our results of operations are susceptible to adverse publicity regarding the quality or safety of our products. in part, product liability claims challenging the safety of our products may result in a decline in sales for a product, which could adversely affect our results of operations. this could be the case even if the claims themselves are proven to be untrue or settled for immaterial amounts.
while we have general liability and other insurance policies concerning product liabilities and errors and omissions, we have self-insured retentions or deductibles under such policies with respect to a portion of these liabilities. awarded damages could be more than our accruals. we could incur losses above the aggregate annual policy limit as well. we cannot ensure that, for 2022 and in future years, insurance carriers will be willing to renew coverage or provide new coverage for product liability.
product recalls can be expensive and tarnish our reputation and have a material adverse effect on the sales of our products. we cannot assure that we will not have additional product liability claims or that we will not recall any products.
we have been joined, among a number of defendants (often over 100), in lawsuits alleging injury or death as a result of exposure to asbestos. in addition, because of the prominent "teledyne" name, we may continue to be mistakenly joined in lawsuits involving a company or business that was not assumed by us as part of our 1999 spin-off. to date, we have not incurred material liabilities in connection with these lawsuits. however, our historical insurance coverage, including that of our predecessors, may not fully cover such claims and the defense of such matters. coverage typically depends on the year of purported exposure and other factors. nonetheless, we intend to vigorously defend our position against these claims.
teledyne brown engineering, inc. and other teledyne companies manufacture components for customers in the nuclear power market, including utilities and certain governmental entities. certain liabilities associated with such products are covered by the price-anderson nuclear industries indemnity act and other statutory and common law defenses, and we have received indemnities from some of our customers. however, there is no assurance we will not face product liability claims related to such products or that our exposure will not exceed the amounts for which we have liability coverage or protection.
our business and financial results could be adversely affected by conditions and other factors associated with our suppliers, and subcontractors.
apart from the current shortages we are experiencing due to global supply chain constraints, as discussed above, some items we purchase for the manufacture of our products are purchased from limited or single sources of supply due to technical capability, price and other factors. for example, teledyne digital imaging has an internal single source of supply for ccd semiconductor wafers used to assemble image sensors and an external single source of supply for cmos semiconductor wafers used to assemble x-ray panel products. furthermore, sole source supply is more common among our businesses that are heavily involved in research and development because there can be few suppliers in the world capable of producing the products or providing the services with the right highly specialized technology. teledyne lecroy continues to outsource a portion of its research and development activities to third-party engineering firms in malaysia and india where it may be more difficult for us to enforce our intellectual property rights. teledyne lecroy also uses an engineering firm located in ukraine that may be adversely impacted by the conflict between russian and ukraine, which in turn may delay some product development efforts. we have also outsourced from time to time the manufacturing of certain parts, components, subsystems and even finished products to single or limited sources, including international sources. disruption of these sources or supplier-imposed rationing of scarce components could cause delays or reductions in shipments of our products or increases in our costs, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or operations. international sources possess additional risks, some of which are similar to those described above regarding international sales. with any continuing disruption in the global economy and financial markets, some of our suppliers may also continue to face issues gaining access to sufficient credit and materials to maintain their businesses, which could reduce the availability of some components and, to the extent such suppliers are single source suppliers, could adversely affect our ability to continue to manufacture and sell our products. some companies engage subcontractors to perform a portion of the services we provide to our customers. to provide these services, the subcontractor must be financially viable, company with applicable laws, regulations and contract terms. non-performance by a subcontractor could result in misalignment between subcontractor performance and our contractual obligations to our customers. lastly, our teledyne hi-rel business screens, tests, packages, performs various services and resells products of a third party, and faces the risk that such third party may end its relationship due to economic conditions and other factors.
we face risks related to sales through distributors and other third parties which could harm our business.
we sell a portion of our products through third parties such as distributors, sales representatives, value-added resellers and oems (collectively, "distributors"). using third parties for distribution exposes teledyne to many risks, including concentration, credit risk and legal risk because under certain circumstances we may be held responsible for the actions of those third-party sales channels. we may rely on one or more key distributors for selling a product, and the loss of these distributors could reduce our revenue. distributors may face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivables and financial results. violations of the foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa") or similar anti-bribery laws by distributors or other third-party intermediaries could have a material impact on our business. competitors could also block our access to such parties. failing to manage risks related to our use of third party sales channels may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position, and could result in sanctions against us.
failing to comply with increasing environmental regulations, as well as the effects of potential environmental liabilities, could have a material adverse financial effect on us.
we, like other industry participants, are subject to various federal, state, local and international environmental laws and regulations. we may be subject to increasingly stringent environmental standards in the future, particularly as ghg emissions and climate change regulations and initiatives increase. future developments, administrative actions or liabilities relating to environmental and climate change matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. environmental regulations on hydraulic fracturing and the use of seismic energy sources for offshore energy exploration could adversely affect some product lines of our instrumentation segment.
our manufacturing operations, including former operations, could expose us to material environmental liabilities. additionally, companies that we acquire may have environmental liabilities that might not be accurately assessed or brought to our attention at the time of the acquisition.
the u.s. environmental protection agency ("epa") has focused on ghgs, maintaining ghgs threaten the public health and welfare of the american people. the epa also maintains that ghg emissions from on-road vehicles contribute to that threat. the epa's endangerment finding covers emissions of six ghgs. the epa's continuing efforts to limit ghg emissions could adversely affect our u.s. manufacturing operations, increase prices for energy, fuel and transportation, require us to accommodate changes in parameters, such as the way parts are manufactured, and may, in some cases, require us to redesign certain of our products. this, or other federal or state regulations, could lead to increased costs, which we may not be able to recover from customers, delays in product shipments and loss of market share to competitors. for example, teledyne battery products unit makes lead acid batteries in california and is subject to a variety of environmental regulations and inspections, which have increased over time. also, some of our sites conduct electroplating, metal finishing and other operations that utilize hazardous materials that are subject to similar regulations. regulatory changes or failure by a business to meet applicable requirements could disrupt that business or force a closure or relocation of the business.
our products are subject to various regulations that prohibit or restrict the use of certain hazardous substances. for example, our products placed on the european market are subject to the registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals and the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment directives. future hazardous substance restrictions or prohibitions may limit our ability to market some products in certain countries.
for additional discussion of environmental matters, see the discussion under the caption "other matters - environmental" of "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operation and financial condition" and note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we may not be able to sell or reconfigure businesses, facilities or product lines that we determine no longer meet with our growth strategy or that should be consolidated.
consistent with our strategy to emphasize growth in our core markets, we continually evaluate our businesses to ensure that they are aligned with our strategy and objectives. over the years we have also consolidated some of our business units and facilities, in some cases to respond to downturns in the defense or oil and gas industries, among other reasons. we may not be able to realize efficiencies and cost savings from our consolidation activities. there is no assurance that our efforts will be successful. if we do not successfully manage our current consolidation activities, or any other similar activities that we may undertake in the future, expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted. our ability to dispose of, exit or reconfigure businesses that may no longer be aligned with our growth strategy will depend on many factors, including the terms and conditions of any asset purchase and sale agreement or lease agreement, as well as industry, business and economic conditions. we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to sell non-strategic businesses on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. in addition, if the sale of any non-strategic business cannot be consummated or is not practical, alternative courses of action, including relocation of product lines or closure, may not be available to us or may be more costly than anticipated.
risks related to climate change climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.
climate change may have an increasingly adverse impact on our business and those of our customers, partners and suppliers. while we seek to mitigate the risks associated with climate change on our operations, there are inherent climate-related risks globally. as discussed under the risk factor below headed "natural and man-made disasters could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition," some of our manufacturing facilities are located in regions that may be impacted by severe weather events, like hurricanes or ice storms, or in areas prone to wildfires, the frequency and severity of which may increase as a result of climate change. these events could result in potential damage to our physical assets as well as disruptions in manufacturing activities. some of our manufacturing facilities are in areas that may be at risk due to rising sea levels. moreover, some of our manufacturing facilities are in areas that could experience decreased access to water and reliable energy due to climate issues. severe weather and wildfire events may impair the ability of our employees to work effectively. climate change, including the increasing frequency and intensity of extreme weather events, its impact on our supply chain and critical infrastructure worldwide and its potential to increase political instability in regions where we, our customers, partners and our suppliers do business, may disrupt our business and may cause us to experience higher employee attrition and higher costs to maintain or resume operations. the effects of climate change also may impact our decisions to construct new facilities or maintain existing facilities in the areas most prone to physical risks, which could similarly increase our operating and material costs. we could also face indirect financial risks passed through the supply chain that could result in higher prices for our products and the resources needed to produce them.
we sell products to customers directly engaged in oil and gas exploration and production. changes to regulations, social practices and preferences, energy generation and transportation technologies that may occur or be implemented to mitigate climate change could result in reduced demand for hydrocarbon products, which could result in a reduction in sales to these customers.
regulations associated with climate change could adversely affect our business.
legislative and regulatory measures currently under consideration or being implemented by government authorities to address climate change could require reductions in our greenhouse gas or other emissions, establish a carbon tax or increase fuel or energy taxes. we have also voluntarily announced goals to reduce our ghg emissions by a target date. these legal requirements, in addition to emission reduction efforts that we voluntarily undertake, are expected to result in increased capital expenditures and compliance costs, and could result in higher costs required to operate and maintain our facilities, procure raw materials and energy, and may require us to acquire emission credits or carbon offsets. these costs and restrictions could harm our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter our operations and product design activities. the inconsistent international, regional and/or national requirements associated with climate change regulations also create economic and regulatory uncertainty.
investor sentiment towards climate change and sustainability could adversely affect our business and the market price for our common stock.
increased investor focus and activism related to climate change and sustainability may hinder our access to capital, as investors may reconsider their capital investment as a result of their assessment of our sustainability practices. we may face increasing pressure regarding our sustainability disclosures and practices. additionally, members of the investment community may screen companies such as ours for sustainability performance before investing in our stock. if we are unable to meet the sustainability standards set by these investors, or if we are unable meet ghg reduction targets we communicate to the public, we may lose investors, our stock price may be negatively impacted and our reputation may be negatively affected.
other risks we face natural and man-made disasters could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
several of our facilities, as a result of their locations, could be subject to a catastrophic loss caused by earthquakes, hurricanes, tornados, floods, ice storms or other natural disasters. many of our production facilities and our headquarters are located in california and thus are in areas with above average seismic activity and may also be at risk of damage due to wildfire. in november 2018, wildfires impacted areas near our headquarters and principal research and development center in thousand oaks, california, resulting in temporary disruptions and evacuations of employees who lived nearby. local utilities may impose blackouts during high fire risk weather conditions, which could result in disruptions to our businesses located in california, including our headquarters. in the event of a major earthquake, tornado, hurricane or catastrophic event such as fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, vandalism, cyber-attack, war, terrorist attack or health epidemic (including covid), we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our application development, lengthy interruptions in our production, breaches of data security and loss of critical data, all of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. teledyne flir's goleta facility which is a single source supplier of sensors used throughout the flir business, is located near a runway of the santa barbara airport and could be severely damaged in the event of an airplane crash. teledyne dalsa's semiconductor facilities in quebec, canada have been impacted by loss of electrical power caused by severe ice storms. in addition, we have manufacturing facilities in the southeastern united states and texas that have been threatened or struck by major hurricanes. in 2017, our businesses located in houston, texas were impacted by hurricane harvey and our business in florida was threatened by hurricanes irma and matthew. our facilities in alabama, florida, nebraska, tennessee and virginia have also been threatened by tornados. if any of our california facilities, including our california headquarters or teledyne flir's manufacturing facility in goleta, california, were to experience a catastrophic earthquake or wildfire loss or if any of our alabama, florida, nebraska, tennessee or texas facilities were to experience a catastrophic hurricane, storm, tornado or other natural disaster, or if dalsa's facilities in quebec experience long-term loss of electrical power, such event could disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments and revenue, and result in large expenses to repair or replace the facility or facilities. in addition, the insurance we maintain may be insufficient to cover our losses resulting from disasters, cyber-attacks or other business interruptions, and any incidents may result in loss of, or increased costs of, such insurance. in addition, our existing disaster recovery and business continuity plans (including those relating to our information technology systems) may not be fully responsive to, or minimize losses associated with, catastrophic events.
disasters also have an indirect adverse impact on our business. for example, in 2018, a fire at a netherlands-based facility of a key supplier of printed circuit boards resulted in delivery disruptions to the electronics industry, including to businesses in our digital imaging segment.
we may not be able to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights, or third parties may claim we infringe their intellectual rights, each which may harm our ability to compete and thus harm our business.
our ability to enforce and protect our patents, copyrights, software licenses, trade secrets, know-how, and other intellectual property rights is subject to general litigation risks, as well as uncertainty as to the enforceability of our intellectual property rights in various countries. when we seek to enforce our rights, we have found that various claims may be asserted against us, including claims that our intellectual property right is invalid, is otherwise not enforceable or is licensed to the party against whom we are asserting a claim. in addition, we may be the target of aggressive and opportunistic enforcement of patents by third parties. if we are not ultimately successful in defending ourselves against these claims in litigation, we may not be able to sell a product or family of products due to an injunction, or we may have to pay damages that could, in turn, harm our results of operations. our inability to enforce our intellectual property rights under these circumstances may harm our competitive position and our business.
our business and operations could suffer in the event of cybersecurity breaches.
attempts by malicious actors to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems have become more sophisticated and are sometimes successful. these attempts, which might be related to industrial or foreign government espionage, crime, activism, or other motivations, include covertly introducing malware into our computers and computer networks, performing reconnaissance, impersonating authorized users, extortion, and stealing, corrupting or restricting our access to data, among other activities. we have in the past experienced cyber-attacks including some loss of confidentiality and some loss of availability, although these attacks have not had material impact on our business. our customers and suppliers have also experienced successful cyber-attacks, which in some cases resulted in payments by or to us being unlawfully diverted.
we continue to train our personnel and update our infrastructure, security tools and processes to protect against security incidents, including both external and internal threats, and to prevent their occurrence. company personnel and third parties have been tasked to prevent, deter, detect, respond to, and investigate such incidents, however it is possible that we might not prevent or be aware of or be able to react to an incident or its magnitude and effects. the theft, corruption, unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual property or confidential business information due to a cyber-attack could harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives or otherwise adversely affect our business. we are subject to u.s. department of defense regulations applicable to certain types of data residing on or transiting through our information systems, and these regulations have been and will continue to be incorporated into certain u.s. department of defense contracts that we hold. to the extent that any security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of confidential or controlled information of employees, third parties or the u.s. government, or any of the deployed security controls are deemed insufficient, we may incur liability or the loss of contracts or security clearances. as a result, we expect to continue to devote additional resources to the security of our information technology systems, operating technology systems, products and services. more resources may be required in the defense arena to the extent the u.s. government increases its cybersecurity mandates. unauthorized access to or control of our products, data, devices or systems could impact the safety of our customers and other third parties which could result in legal claims against us. security breaches also could result in a violation of applicable u.s. and international privacy and other laws, including gdpr, health insurance portability and accountability act, payment card industry data security standard, and california consumer privacy act and subject us to private consumer or securities litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings, any of which could result in our exposure to material civil or criminal liability. the systemic cybersecurity risk environment is elevated, in part by remote working driven by covid pandemic concerns, particularly at our customer and supplier partner organizations.
provisions of our governing documents, applicable law, and our change in control severance agreements could make an acquisition of teledyne more difficult.
our restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws and the general corporation law of the state of delaware contain several provisions, such as our classified board, that could make the acquisition of control of teledyne, in a transaction not approved by our board, more difficult. we have also entered into change in control severance agreements with ten members of our current management, which could have an anti-takeover effect. these provisions may prevent or discourage attempts to acquire our company.
our amended and restated bylaws ("bylaws") designate the court of chancery of the state of delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain lawsuits between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a judicial forum that it finds favorable for such lawsuits and make it more costly for our stockholders to bring such lawsuits, which may have the effect of discouraging such lawsuits.
our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the court of chancery of the state of delaware will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders, (iii) action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the general corporation law of the state of delaware, restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (iv) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws or (v) action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. our bylaws also provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and consented to this forum selection provision.
however, this forum selection provision is not intended to apply to any actions brought under the securities act of 1933 (the "securities act"), as amended, or the exchange act. section 27 of the exchange act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the exchange act or the rules and regulations thereunder and section 22 of the securities act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the securities act or the rules and regulations thereunder. accordingly, the forum selection provision in our bylaws will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations.
nevertheless, this forum selection provision in our bylaws may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers and other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. in addition, stockholders who do bring a claim in the court of chancery in the state of delaware could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near delaware. while we believe the risk of a court declining to enforce the forum selection provision contained in our bylaws is low, if a court were to find the provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
risks related to our securities an investment in teledyne's common stock and other securities involve risks, many of which are beyond our control.
stock markets in general, including the new york stock exchange on which our common stock is listed, have experienced a high degree of price and volume fluctuations that are not necessarily related to operating performance of the listed companies. in addition to general economic, political and market conditions, such volatility may be related to: (i) changes from analysts' expectations in revenues, earnings and other financial results; (ii) strategic actions by other competitors; (iii) changes to budgets or policies of the u.s. and other governments; and (iv) other risks described in this report. we cannot provide assurances as to our common stock price, which during fiscal 2021 ranged from a low of $350.01 to a high of $465.40.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations teledyne technologies incorporated ("teledyne" or the "company") provides enabling technologies for industrial growth markets that require advanced technology and high reliability. these markets include factory automation and condition monitoring, aerospace and defense, air and water quality environmental monitoring, electronics design and development, medical imaging and pharmaceutical research, oceanographic research, and deepwater energy exploration and production. following the 2021 acquisition of flir systems, inc. ( "flir"), we further evolved into a global sensing and decision-support technology company: providing specialty sensors, cameras, instrumentation, algorithms and software across the electromagnetic spectrum, as well as unmanned systems, in the subsea, land and air domains. we differentiate ourselves from many of our direct competitors by having a customer and company-sponsored applied research center that augments our product development expertise. we believe that technological capabilities and innovation and the ability to invest in the development of new and enhanced products are critical to obtaining and maintaining leadership in our markets and the industries in which we compete.
strategy/overview our strategy continues to emphasize growth in our core markets of digital imaging, instrumentation, aerospace and defense electronics and engineered systems. our core markets are characterized by high barriers to entry and include specialized products and services not likely to be commoditized. we intend to strengthen and expand our core businesses with targeted acquisitions and through product development. we continue to focus on balanced and disciplined capital deployment among capital expenditures, acquisitions and product development. we aggressively pursue operational excellence to continually improve our margins and earnings by emphasizing cost containment and cost reductions in all aspects of our business. at teledyne, operational excellence includes the rapid integration of the businesses we acquire. using complementary technology across our businesses and internal research and development, we seek to create new products to grow our company and expand our addressable markets. we continue to evaluate our businesses to ensure that they are aligned with our strategy.
in connection with this strategy, on may 14, 2021, teledyne completed the acquisition of flir, our largest acquisition to date. in addition to the acquisition of flir, we made one acquisition in 2020 and three acquisitions in 2019. see the recent acquisitions section for additional information.
covid and other matters with regard to the covid pandemic, our first priority remains the health and safety of our employees and their families. our manufacturing sites are deemed essential businesses and remain operational. since the beginning of the covid pandemic, we have practiced social distancing, enhanced cleaning protocols, increased usage of personal protective equipment and other preventative measures. although the covid pandemic continued to impact our business operations and practices, we experienced limited disruptions in 2021. we expect to continue to take robust actions to help protect the health, safety and well-being of our employees, to support continued performance, to support our suppliers and partners and to continue to serve our customers. our goals have been, and continue to be to lessen the potential adverse impacts, both health and economic, and to continue to position the company for long-term success. like the communities in which we operate, our actions have varied depending on the severity of the covid pandemic and applicable government requirements, the needs of our employees, the needs of our customers and the needs of our business. contingency plans remain in place in the event of significant impacts from covid infection resurgences, and we may take further actions as government authorities require or recommend or as we determine to be in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners and suppliers.
while no company is immune to global economic challenges, teledyne's business portfolio is well-balanced across end markets and geographies, and includes a high degree of businesses serving critical infrastructure sectors such as the defense industrial base, water and wastewater, and healthcare and public health. however, given the continuing dynamic nature of this situation, we may not fully estimate the impacts of covid on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we have experienced supply chain challenges, including increased lead times, as well as cost inflation for parts and components, logistics and labor due to availability constraints and high demand. we expect inflationary and supply chain constraint trends to continue in 2022.
as part of a continuing effort to reduce costs and improve operating performance, as well as to respond to the impact of the covid pandemic, beginning in 2020 we took actions to reduce headcount across various businesses, reducing our exposure to weak end markets, such as commercial aerospace. we also exited certain facilities no longer needed. in 2021, we took actions to integrate flir into our businesses resulting in higher severance and facility closure costs in the digital imaging segment. at january 2, 2022, an immaterial amount remains to be paid related to these actions.
the following pre-tax charges were incurred related to severance and facility consolidations (in millions):
2021                  2020                  2019
digital imaging                                      $23.9                  $2.9                  $1.1
instrumentation                                        1.3                   5.9                   1.5
aerospace and defense electronics                      0.7                  11.1                   0.5
engineered systems                                     0.4                   0.5                   0.1
corporate                                              0.1                   0.4                     -
total                                                $26.4                 $20.8                  $3.2
2021                  2020   2019
severance                                      $14.5                 $16.0                  $3.5
facility consolidations (a)                     11.9                   4.8                 (0.3)
total                                          $26.4                 $20.8                  $3.2
(a) 2019 includes the reversal of certain amounts recorded in 2018 no longer needed.
2021                  2020                  2019
cost of sales                                                  $2.4                 $10.3                  $0.8
selling, general and administrative expenses                   24.0                  10.5                   2.4
total                                                         $26.4                 $20.8                  $3.2
recent acquisitions see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about our recent acquisitions.
acquisition of flir systems, inc.
on may 14, 2021, teledyne acquired the outstanding stock of flir for approximately $8.1 billion, comprising of net cash payments of $3.7 billion, $3.9 billion of teledyne common stock, and the assumption of flir debt of $0.5 billion. flir stockholders received $28.00 per share in cash and 0.0718 shares of teledyne common stock for each flir share, and teledyne issued approximately 9.5 million shares of common stock at $409.41 per share. see note 9 to these notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding financing activities undertaken in connection with the flir acquisition.
flir is an industrial technology company focused on intelligent sensing solutions for defense and industrial applications. flir offers a diversified portfolio that serves a number of applications in government and defense, industrial, and commercial markets. flir develops technologies that enhance perception and awareness. flir designs, develops, markets, and distributes solutions that detect people, objects and substances that may not be perceived by human senses and improve the way people interact with the world around them. flir technologies include thermal imaging systems, visible-light imaging systems, locater systems, measurement and diagnostic systems, and advanced threat-detection solutions. flir is part of the digital imaging segment.
the significant factors that resulted in recognition of goodwill include the acquired businesses market presence and leading positions, growth opportunities in the markets in which they operate, their experienced work force and established operating infrastructures. goodwill resulting from the flir acquisition will not be deductible for tax purposes.
we are accounting for the flir acquisition under the acquisition method and are required to measure identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed of the acquiree at the fair values on the closing date. the company made an initial allocation of the purchase price at the date of acquisition based upon its understanding of the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities. as of january 2, 2022, the measurement period (not to exceed one year) is open; therefore, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to the flir acquisition are subject to adjustment until the end of the respective measurement period. the company is in the process of specifically identifying the amounts assigned to certain assets, including acquired intangible assets, and liabilities and the related impact on taxes and goodwill for the flir acquisition. the company is in the process of reviewing a third-party valuation of certain intangible assets and tangible assets of flir. the fair values of acquired intangibles are determined based on estimates and assumptions that are deemed reasonable by the company. the amounts recorded as of january 2, 2022 are preliminary since there was insufficient time between the acquisition date and the end of the period to finalize the analysis.
2020 acquisition on january 5, 2020, we acquired oakgate technology, inc. ("oakgate") for $28.5 million in cash, net of cash acquired. based in loomis, california, oakgate provides software and hardware designed to test electronic data storage devices from development through manufacturing and end-use applications. the acquired business is part of the test and measurement product line within the instrumentation segment.
2019 acquisitions on february 5, 2019, we acquired the scientific imaging businesses of roper technologies, inc. for $224.8 million in cash. the acquired businesses include princeton instruments, photometrics and lumenera. the acquired businesses provide a range of imaging solutions, primarily for life sciences, academic research and customized oem industrial imaging solutions. princeton instruments and photometrics manufacture state-of-the-art cameras, spectrographs and optics for advanced research in physical sciences, life sciences research and spectroscopy imaging. applications and markets include materials analysis, quantum technology and cell biology imaging using fluorescence and chemiluminescence. lumenera primarily provides rugged usb-based customized cameras for markets such as traffic management, as well as life sciences applications. principally located in the united states and canada, the acquired businesses are part of the digital imaging segment.
on august 1, 2019, we acquired the gas and flame detection businesses of 3m company for $233.5 million in cash. the gas and flame detection businesses includes oldham, simtronics, gas measurement instruments, detcon and select scott safety products. the gas and flame detection businesses provides a portfolio of fixed and portable industrial gas and flame detection instruments used in a variety of industries including petrochemical, power generation, oil and gas, food and beverage, mining and waste water treatment. principally located in france, the united kingdom and the united states, the acquired businesses are part of the environmental instrumentation product line of the instrumentation segment.
on august 30, 2019, we acquired micralyne inc. ("micralyne") for $25.7 million in cash. micralyne provides micro electromechanical systems ("mems") devices. in particular, micralyne possesses unique microfluidic technology for biotech applications, as well as capabilities in non-silicon-based mems (e.g. gold, polymers) often required for human body compatibility. based in edmonton, alberta, canada, the acquired business is part of the digital imaging segment.
consolidated operating results our fiscal year is determined based on a 52- or 53-week convention ending on the sunday nearest to december 31. fiscal years 2021 and 2019 contained 52 weeks while fiscal year 2020 contained 53 weeks. certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. the company now discloses acquired intangible asset amortization on a separate income statement line. acquired intangible asset amortization was previously included in selling, general and administrative expenses. in addition, the company now discloses the balance of long-term deferred tax liabilities on the face of the balance sheet. long-term deferred tax liabilities was previously included in other long-term liabilities.
the following are selected financial highlights for 2021, 2020 and 2019 (in millions, except per-share amounts):
2021                         2020                         2019
net sales                                                               $4,614.3                     $3,086.2                     $3,163.6
costs and expenses cost of sales                                                            2,772.9                      1,905.3                      1,920.3
selling, general and administrative expenses (a)                         1,067.8                        662.0                        715.1
acquired intangible asset amortization (a)                                 149.3                         38.8                         36.5
total costs and expenses                                                 3,990.0                      2,606.1                      2,671.9
operating income                                                           624.3                        480.1                        491.7
interest and debt expense, net                                           (104.2)                       (15.3)                       (21.0)
non-service retirement benefit income                                       11.2                         12.1                          8.0
other income (expense), net                                                  2.5                        (7.2)                        (5.0)
income before income taxes                                                 533.8                        469.7                        473.7
provision for income taxes                                                  88.5                         67.8                         71.4
net income                                                                $445.3                       $401.9                       $402.3
basic earnings per common share                                           $10.31                       $10.95                       $11.08
diluted earnings per common share                                         $10.05                       $10.62                       $10.73
(a) acquired intangible asset amortization was previously included in selling, general and administrative expenses. prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation.
our businesses are aligned in four business segments: digital imaging, instrumentation, aerospace and defense electronics and engineered systems. our four business segments and their respective percentage contributions to our total net sales in 2021, 2020 and 2019 are summarized in the following table:
percentage of total net sales segment contribution to total net sales:                      2021                    2020                    2019
digital imaging                                             52   %                  32   %                  31   %
instrumentation                                             25   %                  35   %                  35   %
aerospace and defense electronics                           14   %                  19   %                  22   %
engineered systems                                           9   %                  14   %                  12   %
100   %                 100   %                 100   %
results of operations
2021 compared with 2020
net sales (dollars in millions)                                                   2021                         2020                          %
change digital imaging                                                            $2,412.9                       $986.0                    144.7    %
instrumentation                                                             1,166.9                      1,094.5                      6.6    %
aerospace and defense electronics                                             628.7                        589.4                      6.7    %
engineered systems                                                            405.8                        416.3                    (2.5)    %
total net sales                                                            $4,614.3                     $3,086.2                     49.5    %
results of operations (dollars in millions)                                       2021                         2020                          %
change digital imaging                                                              $325.6                       $192.8                     68.9    %
instrumentation                                                               253.7                        213.2                     19.0    %
aerospace and defense electronics                                             133.2                         80.8                     64.9    %
engineered systems                                                             48.6                         50.1                    (3.0)    %
corporate expense                                                           (136.8)                       (56.8)                    140.8    %
operating income                                                              624.3                        480.1                     30.0    %
interest and debt expense, net                                              (104.2)                       (15.3)                    581.0    %
non-service retirement benefit income                                          11.2                         12.1                    (7.4)    %
other income (expense), net                                                     2.5                        (7.2)                             *
income before income taxes                                                    533.8                        469.7                     13.6    %
provision for income taxes                                                     88.5                         67.8                     30.5    %
net income                                                                   $445.3                       $401.9                     10.8    %
* not meaningful net sales and cost of sales by segment and total company (dollars in millions):
2021                                                                            2020             change digital imaging net sales                                    $2,412.9                     $986.0          $1,426.9
cost of sales                                $1,421.7                     $569.2            $852.5
cost of sales % of net sales                     58.9   %                   57.7   %
instrumentation net sales                                    $1,166.9                   $1,094.5             $72.4
cost of sales                                  $617.8                     $603.4             $14.4
cost of sales % of net sales                     53.0   %                   55.1   %
aerospace and defense electronics net sales                                      $628.7                     $589.4             $39.3
cost of sales                                  $400.9                     $395.1              $5.8
cost of sales % of net sales                     63.8   %                   67.0   %
engineered systems net sales                                      $405.8                     $416.3           $(10.5)
cost of sales                                  $332.5                     $337.6            $(5.1)
cost of sales % of net sales                     81.9   %                   81.1   %
total company net sales                                    $4,614.3                   $3,086.2          $1,528.1
cost of sales                                $2,772.9                   $1,905.3            $867.6
cost of sales % of net sales                     60.1   %                   61.7   %
we reported net sales of $4,614.3 million in 2021, compared with net sales of $3,086.2 million for 2020, an increase of 49.5%. net income increased 10.8% to $445.3 million ($10.05 per diluted share) in 2021, compared with net income of $401.9 million ($10.62 per diluted share) in 2020.
total year 2021 net sales included $1,273.6 million in incremental net sales from the acquisition of flir. in connection with the 2021 flir acquisition, teledyne incurred pretax expenses of $350.3 million, which included $110.3 million in acquired intangible asset amortization expense, $106.4 million in acquired inventory step-up expense, $103.0 million of transaction and integration-related costs and $30.6 million in bridge loan and debt extinguishment fees. total year 2021 also included $39.0 million of acquired intangible asset amortization expense for acquisitions completed in prior periods. total year 2020 included pretax charges of $72.1 million which included $38.8 million in acquired intangible asset amortization expense and $33.3 million in severance, facility consolidation and other costs. net income for 2021 and 2020 also included net discrete tax benefits of $34.7 million and $34.6 million, respectively.
net sales the increase in net sales in 2021, compared with 2020, reflected higher net sales in each segment except the engineered systems segment. total year 2021 also included net sales from the acquisition of flir in the digital imaging segment, as well as organic sales growth.
sales under contracts with the u.s. government were approximately 26% of net sales in both 2021 and in 2020. sales to international customers represented approximately 47% of net sales in 2021 and 45% of net sales in 2020.
cost of sales cost of sales increased by $867.6 million in 2021, compared with 2020, which primarily reflected the impact of higher net sales and $106.4 million in acquired inventory step-up expense from the acquisition of flir. cost of sales as a percentage of net sales for 2021 was 60.1%, compared with 61.7% for 2020. the lower cost of sales percentage in 2021, primarily reflects the impact of the flir acquisition which carries a lower cost of sales percentage than the other teledyne businesses, partially offset by the impact of acquired inventory step-up expense from the acquisition of flir.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses, including research and development expense, were higher in 2021, compared with 2020, and primarily reflected the impact of higher net sales, as well as $102.7 million in acquisition-related transaction and purchase accounting expenses related to the flir acquisition and higher research and development expense. corporate administrative expense in 2021 was $136.8 million, compared with $56.8 million in 2020. the higher 2021 amount included $77.1 million in acquisition-related transaction and purchase accounting expenses related to the flir acquisition. for 2021, we recorded a total of $20.0 million in stock option expense, of which $6.1 million was recorded within corporate expense and $13.9 million was recorded in the operating segment results. for 2020, we recorded a total of $24.7 million in stock option expense, of which $7.2 million was recorded within corporate expense and $17.5 million was recorded in the operating segment results. selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales was 23.2% for 2021, compared with 21.5% for 2020. the higher percentage in 2021 primarily reflected the impact of acquisition-related transaction and purchase accounting expenses related to the flir acquisition.
acquired intangible asset amortization acquired intangible asset amortization for 2021 was $149.3 million, compared with $38.8 million for 2020. the 2021 includes $110.3 million in acquired intangible asset amortization from the flir acquisition.
pension service expense pension service expense is included in both cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expense. pension service expense in 2021 was $10.6 million compared with $10.4 million in 2020.
operating income operating income for 2021 was $624.3 million, compared with $480.1 million for 2020, an increase of 30.0%. the increase in operating income primarily reflected higher operating income in each segment except the engineered systems segment. corporate expense was $136.8 million in 2021 compared with $56.8 million and included $77.1 million in acquisition-related transaction and purchase accounting expenses related to the flir acquisition in 2021. operating income in 2021 and 2020 included charges of $26.4 million and $33.3 million, respectively, primarily related to severance, facility consolidation and other costs. of these amounts, severance and facility consolidation expense totaled $26.4 million in 2021 and $20.8 million in 2020. the incremental operating income included in the results for 2021 from the flir acquisitions was $80.4 million, which included $242.6 million of acquisition-related transaction and purchase accounting expenses.
interest expense, interest income, non-service retirement benefit income and other expense interest expense, including credit facility fees and other bank charges, was $104.8 million in 2021, compared with $15.8 million in 2020. the 2021 amount primarily reflected interest and debt expense on the debt incurred to fund the cash portion of the flir acquisition, which included $30.6 million in bridge loan and debt extinguishment fees. interest income was less than $1.0 million in both 2021 and 2020. non-service retirement benefit income was $11.2 million in 2021, compared with $12.1 million in 2020. other income and expense was income of $2.5 million for 2021, compared with expense of $7.2 million in 2020. the 2020 amount reflected higher foreign currency translation losses.
income taxes the company's effective tax rate for 2021 was 16.6%, compared with 14.4% for 2020. for 2021, net discrete income tax benefits were $34.7 million, which included an income tax benefit of $18.2 million primarily related to the resolution of certain flir tax reserves and a $13.1 million income tax benefit related to share-based accounting. for 2020, net discrete income tax benefits were $34.6 million, which included a $20.9 million income tax benefit related to share-based accounting, $9.8 million in income tax benefit related to u.s. export sales, u.s. research credits and other items. excluding the net discrete income tax benefits in both years, the effective tax rates would have been 23.1% for 2021 and 21.8% for 2020.
2020 compared with 2019
net sales (dollars in millions)                                                   2020                         2019                         %
change digital imaging                                                              $986.0                       $992.9                   (0.7)    %
instrumentation                                                             1,094.5                      1,105.1                   (1.0)    %
aerospace and defense electronics                                             589.4                        690.1                  (14.6)    %
engineered systems                                                            416.3                        375.5                    10.9    %
total sales                                                                $3,086.2                     $3,163.6                   (2.4)    %
results of operations (dollars in millions)                                       2020                         2019                         %
change digital imaging                                                              $192.8                       $176.5                     9.2    %
instrumentation                                                               213.2                        200.4                     6.4    %
aerospace and defense electronics                                              80.8                        143.4                  (43.7)    %
engineered systems                                                             50.1                         36.5                    37.3    %
corporate expense                                                            (56.8)                       (65.1)                  (12.7)    %
operating income                                                              480.1                        491.7                   (2.4)    %
interest and debt expense, net                                               (15.3)                       (21.0)                  (27.1)    %
non-service retirement benefit income                                          12.1                          8.0                    51.3    %
other expense, net                                                            (7.2)                        (5.0)                    44.0    %
income before income taxes                                                    469.7                        473.7                   (0.8)    %
provision for income taxes                                                     67.8                         71.4                   (5.0)    %
net income                                                                   $401.9                       $402.3                   (0.1)    %
net sales and cost of sales by segment and total company (dollars in millions):
2020                                                                          2019   change digital imaging net sales                                         $986.0                    $992.9   $(6.9)
cost of sales                                     $569.2                    $580.6   $(11.4)
cost of sales % of net sales                   57.7    %                 58.5    %
instrumentation net sales                                       $1,094.5                  $1,105.1   $(10.6)
cost of sales                                     $603.4                    $612.8   $(9.4)
cost of sales % of net sales                   55.1    %                 55.5    %
aerospace and defense electronics net sales                                         $589.4                    $690.1   $(100.7)
cost of sales                                     $395.1                    $414.7   $(19.6)
cost of sales % of net sales                   67.0    %                 60.1    %
engineered systems net sales                                    $416.3                    $375.5        $40.8
cost of sales                                $337.6                    $312.2        $25.4
cost of sales % of net sales                   81.1    %                 83.1    %
total company net sales                                       $3,086.2                  $3,163.6   $(77.4)
cost of sales                                   $1,905.3                  $1,920.3   $(15.0)
cost of sales % of net sales                   61.7    %                 60.7    %
we reported net sales of $3,086.2 million in 2020, compared with net sales of $3,163.6 million for 2019, a decrease of 2.4%. net income was $401.9 million ($10.62 per diluted share) in 2020, compared with net income of $402.3 million ($10.73 per diluted share) in 2019, a decrease of 0.1%.
total year 2020 and 2019 reflected pretax charges totaling $33.3 million and $8.8 million, respectively, primarily in severance, facility consolidation, acquisition and certain changes in contract cost estimates. net income for 2020 and 2019 also included net discrete tax benefits of $34.6 million and $26.1 million, respectively.
net sales the decrease in net sales in 2020, compared with 2019, reflected lower net sales in each segment except the engineered systems segment. net sales in 2020 included $68.9 million in incremental net sales from recent acquisitions.
sales under contracts with the u.s. government were approximately 26% of net sales in 2020 and 24% of net sales in 2019. sales to international customers represented approximately 45% of net sales in 2020 and 44% of net sales in 2019.
cost of sales cost of sales decreased by $15.0 million in 2020, compared with 2019, which primarily reflected the impact of lower net sales, partially offset by higher severance and facility consolidation expense. cost of sales as a percentage of net sales for 2020 was 61.7%, compared with 60.7% for 2019.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses, including research and development expense, were lower in 2020, compared with 2019. the decrease primarily reflected the impact of lower net sales. corporate administrative expense in 2020 was $56.8 million, compared with $65.1 million in 2019. the lower 2020 amount primarily reflected lower compensation expense. for 2020, we recorded a total of $24.7 million in stock option expense, of which $7.2 million was recorded within corporate expense and $17.5 million was recorded in the operating segment results. for 2019, we recorded a total of $26.1 million in stock option expense, of which $9.7 million was recorded within corporate expense and $16.4 million was recorded in the operating segment results. selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales was 21.5% for 2020, compared with 22.6% for 2019.
acquired intangible asset amortization acquired intangible asset amortization for 2020 was $38.8 million, compared with $36.5 million for 2019.
pension service expense pension service expense is included in both cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expense. pension service expense in 2020 was $10.4 million compared with $9.4 million in 2019.
operating income operating income for 2020 was $480.1 million, compared with $491.7 million for 2019, a decrease of 2.4%. the decrease in operating income primarily reflected lower operating income in the aerospace and defense electronics segment, partially offset by higher operating income in our other three segments. operating income in 2020 and 2019 included charges of $33.3 million and $8.8 million, respectively, primarily related to severance, facility consolidation and acquisition expense and certain changes in contract cost estimates. of these amounts, severance and facility consolidation expense totaled $20.8 million in 2020 and $3.2 million in 2019. the incremental operating income included in the results for 2020 from acquisitions was $4.1 million.
interest expense, interest income, non-service retirement benefit income and other expense interest expense, including credit facility fees and other bank charges, was $15.8 million in 2020 compared with $22.0 million in 2019 and reflected the impact of lower average debt levels in 2020. interest income was $0.5 million in 2020 and $1.0 million in 2019. non-service retirement benefit income was $12.1 million in 2020, compared with $8.0 million in 2019. other expense was $7.2 million for 2020, compared with expense of $5.0 million in 2019 and reflected higher foreign currency translation losses.
income taxes the company's effective tax rate for 2020 was 14.4%, compared with 15.1% for 2019. for 2020, net discrete income tax benefits were $34.6 million, which included a $20.9 million income tax benefit related to share-based accounting, $9.8 million primarily related to u.s. export sales, u.s. research credits and other items. for 2019, net discrete income tax benefits were $26.1 million, which included a $15.4 million income tax benefit related to share-based accounting, $13.1 million in income tax benefit as a result of the remeasurement of uncertain tax positions due to expiration of statute of limitations, a favorable tax settlement and a tax benefit related to u.s. export sales. excluding the net discrete income tax benefits in both years, the effective tax rates would have been 21.8% for 2020 and 20.6% for 2019.
segments the following discussion of our four segments should be read in conjunction with note 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
digital imaging
(dollars in millions)                                                          2021 (a)                    2020                    2019
net sales                                                                      $2,412.9                  $986.0                  $992.9
cost of sales                                                                  $1,421.7                  $569.2                  $580.6
selling, general and administrative expenses (b)                                 $537.2                  $205.9                  $217.2
acquired intangible asset amortization (b)                                       $128.4                   $18.1                   $18.6
operating income                                                                 $325.6                  $192.8                  $176.5
cost of sales % of net sales                                                  58.9    %               57.7    %               58.5    %
selling, general and administrative expenses % of net sales                   22.3    %               20.9    %               21.9    %
acquired intangible asset amortization % of net sales                          5.3    %                1.8    %                1.8    %
operating income % of net sales                                               13.5    %               19.6    %               17.8    %
international sales % of net sales                                            55.1    %               60.8    %               59.7    %
u.s. government sales % of net sales                                          21.4    %               12.3    %               10.8    %
(a) on may 14, 2021, the company completed the acquisition of flir, and the 2021 financial results of flir have been included since the date of the acquisition.
(b)    acquired intangible asset amortization was previously included in selling, general and administrative expenses.
our digital imaging segment includes high-performance sensors, cameras and systems, within the visible, infrared and x-ray spectra for use in industrial, government and medical applications, as well as mems and high-performance, high-reliability semiconductors including analog-to-digital and digital-to-analog converters. it also includes our sponsored and centralized research laboratories which benefit government programs and commercial businesses. teledyne acquired flir in may 2021. flir offers a diversified portfolio that serves a number of applications in government and defense, industrial, and commercial markets. flir develops technologies that enhance perception and awareness. flir designs, develops, markets, and distributes solutions that detect people, objects and substances that may not be perceived by human senses and improve the way people interact with the world around them. flir technologies include thermal imaging systems, visible-light imaging systems, locater systems, measurement and diagnostic systems, and advanced threat-detection solutions.
2021 compared with 2020
our digital imaging segment net sales for 2021 increased 144.7%, compared with 2020. operating income for 2021 increased 68.9%, compared with 2020.
total year 2021 net sales included $1,273.6 million of incremental net sales from the flir acquisition as well as organic sales growth from industrial and scientific sensors and cameras, x-ray products, micro-electro-mechanical systems ("mems") and detectors for space imaging applications, partially offset by lower sales for geospatial imaging systems. the increase in operating income in the 2021 reflected the contribution from flir, partially offset by $242.6 million of flir acquisition-related transaction and purchase accounting expenses, which included $110.3 million in acquired intangible asset amortization expense, $106.4 million in inventory step-up expense and $25.9 million of integration-related costs. the increase in operating income also reflected the impact of organic sales growth. the incremental operating income included in the results for 2021 from the flir acquisition was $80.4 million, which included $242.6 million of acquisition-related transaction and purchase accounting expenses.
cost of sales for 2021 increased by $852.5 million, compared with 2020, and reflected the impact of higher net sales and $106.4 million in acquired inventory step-up expense relating to the acquisition of flir. the cost of sales percentage in 2021 increased to 58.9% compared with 57.7% in 2020 and reflected the impact of acquired inventory step-up expense. selling, general and administrative expenses for 2021 increased to $537.2 million, compared with $205.9 million in 2020 and reflected the impact of higher net sales, as well as the acquisition-related transaction and purchase accounting expenses related to the flir acquisition. the selling, general and administrative expense percentage increased to 22.3% in 2021 from 20.9% in 2020 and reflected the impact of acquisition-related transaction and purchase accounting expenses related to the flir acquisition.
2020 compared with 2019
our digital imaging segment net sales for 2020 decreased 0.7%, compared with 2019. operating income for 2020 increased 9.2%, compared with 2019.
total year 2020 net sales primarily reflected lower sales of x-ray products for dental and medical applications, due in part to deferred patient treatments, partially offset by greater sales of infrared detectors for defense and space applications, mems products, and $2.3 million in incremental sales from recent acquisitions. the increase in operating income for 2020 reflected the impact of favorable product mix.
cost of sales for 2020 decreased by $11.4 million, compared with 2019, and reflected the impact of lower net sales. the cost of sales percentage in 2020 decreased to 57.7% compared with 58.5% in 2019. selling, general and administrative expenses for 2020 decreased to $205.9 million, compared with $217.2 million in 2019 and reflected the impact of lower net sales and lower research and development expense. the selling, general and administrative expense percentage decreased to 20.9% in 2020 from 21.9% in 2019 and reflected the impact of lower selling and research and development expense.
instrumentation
(dollars in millions)                                                              2021                    2020                    2019
net sales                                                                      $1,166.9                $1,094.5                $1,105.1
cost of sales                                                                    $617.8                  $603.4                  $612.8
selling, general and administrative expenses (a)                                 $275.3                  $258.1                  $274.9
acquired intangible asset amortization (a)                                        $20.1                   $19.8                   $17.0
operating income                                                                 $253.7                  $213.2                  $200.4
cost of sales % of net sales                                                  53.0    %               55.1    %               55.5    %
selling, general and administrative expenses % of net sales                   23.6    %               23.6    %               24.9    %
acquired intangible asset amortization % of net sales                          1.7    %                1.8    %                1.5    %
operating income % of net sales                                               21.7    %               19.5    %               18.1    %
international sales % of net sales                                            56.1    %               57.0    %               54.8    %
u.s. government sales % of net sales                                           7.9    %                7.4    %                7.3    %
(a) acquired intangible asset amortization was previously included in selling, general and administrative expenses.
our instrumentation segment provides monitoring and control instruments for marine, environmental, industrial and other applications, as well as electronic test and measurement equipment. we also provide power and communications connectivity devices for distributed instrumentation systems and sensor networks deployed in mission critical, harsh environments.
2021 compared with 2020
our instrumentation segment net sales for 2021 increased 6.6%, compared with 2020. operating income for 2021 increased 19.0%, compared with 2020.
the 2021 net sales increase primarily resulted from higher sales of test and measurement instrumentation and environmental instrumentation, partially offset by lower sales of marine instrumentation. sales of test and measurement instrumentation and environmental instrumentation increased $39.6 million and $35.0 million, respectively. sales of marine instrumentation decreased $2.2 million. the increase in operating income in 2021 reflected the impact of higher sales and improved margins across most product categories resulting from ongoing margin improvement initiatives.
cost of sales increased by $14.4 million in 2021, compared with 2020, and primarily reflected the impact of higher net sales. the cost of sales percentage decreased to 53.0% in 2021 from 55.1% in 2020. selling, general and administrative expenses, including research and development expense, in 2021, increased by $17.2 million, compared with 2020, and reflected the impact of higher net sales, $6.0 million in higher research and development expense, partially offset by $4.6 million in lower severance and facility consolidation expense. selling, general and administrative expenses for 2021, as a percentage of sales, remained at 23.6%.
2020 compared with 2019
our instrumentation segment net sales for 2020 decreased 1.0%, compared with 2019. operating income for 2020 increased 6.4%, compared with 2019.
the 2020 net sales decrease primarily resulted from lower sales of marine instrumentation and test and measurement instrumentation, partially offset by higher sales of environmental instrumentation. sales of environmental instrumentation increased $19.9 million and included $51.8 million in incremental sales from the gas and flame detection business acquisition. sales of marine instrumentation decreased by $23.9 million. sales of test and measurement instrumentation decreased $6.6 million and included $14.8 million in incremental sales from the acquisition of oakgate. the increase in operating income reflected the impact of improved product line margins and lower severance, facility consolidation and acquisition expense. the incremental operating income included in the results for 2020 from recent acquisitions was $4.1 million, including $3.4 million in incremental intangible asset amortization expense. operating income in 2020 included $7.6 million in severance, facility consolidation and acquisition expense compared with $2.9 million in similar costs for 2019.
cost of sales decreased by $9.4 million in 2020, compared with 2019, and primarily reflected the impact of lower net sales. the cost of sales percentage decreased slightly to 55.1% in 2020 from 55.5% in 2019. selling, general and administrative expenses, including research and development expense, in 2020, decreased by $16.8 million, compared with 2019, and reflected the impact of lower sales, $3.0 million in lower research and development expense, partially offset by higher severance, facility consolidation and acquisition expense. selling, general and administrative expenses for 2020, as a percentage of sales, decreased to 23.6%, compared with 24.9% for 2019, and reflected the impact of $3.0 million in lower research and development expense, partially offset by the impact of higher severance and facility consolidation and acquisition expense.
aerospace and defense electronics
(dollars in millions)                                                              2021                    2020                    2019
net sales                                                                        $628.7                  $589.4                  $690.1
cost of sales                                                                    $400.9                  $395.1                  $414.7
selling, general and administrative expenses (a)                                  $93.8                  $112.6                  $131.1
acquired intangible asset amortization (a)                                         $0.8                    $0.9                    $0.9
operating income                                                                 $133.2                   $80.8                  $143.4
cost of sales % of net sales                                                  63.8    %               67.0    %               60.1    %
selling, general and administrative expenses % of net sales                   14.9    %               19.1    %               19.0    %
acquired intangible asset amortization % of net sales                          0.1    %                0.2    %                0.1    %
operating income % of net sales                                               21.2    %               13.7    %               20.8    %
international sales % of net sales                                            25.4    %               27.1    %               27.4    %
u.s. government sales % of net sales                                          36.2    %               39.0    %               32.6    %
(a)    acquired intangible asset amortization was previously included in selling, general and administrative expenses.
our aerospace and defense electronics segment provides sophisticated electronic components and subsystems and communications products, including defense electronics, harsh environment interconnects, data acquisition and communications equipment for aircraft, and components and subsystems for wireless and satellite communications, as well as general aviation batteries.
2021 compared with 2020
our aerospace and defense electronics segment net sales for 2021 increased 6.7%, compared with 2020. operating income for 2021 increased 64.9%, compared with 2020.
the 2021 net sales increase reflected $32.4 million of higher sales for defense and space electronics and $6.9 million for aerospace electronics. the increase in operating income for 2021 primarily reflected the impact of higher sales, $10.4 million of lower severance, facility consolidation cost and lower research and development expense of $11.8 million. the lower research and development expense primarily reflected lower spending for aerospace electronics.
cost of sales for 2021 increased by $5.8 million, compared with 2020, and reflected the impact of higher net sales, partially offset by the impact of lower severance and facility consolidation costs. cost of sales as a percentage of net sales for 2021 decreased to 63.8% from 67.0% in 2020 and reflected the impact of lower severance, facility consolidation costs. selling, general and administrative expenses, including research and development expense, decreased to $93.8 million in 2021, from $112.6 million in 2020 and reflected impact of lower severance, facility consolidation and lower research and development expense. the selling, general and administrative expense percentage was 14.9% in 2021 compared to 19.1% in 2020 and reflected impact of lower severance, facility consolidation and lower research and development expense.
2020 compared with 2019
our aerospace and defense electronics segment net sales for 2020 decreased 14.6%, compared with 2019. operating income for 2020 decreased 43.7%, compared with 2019.
the 2020 net sales decrease reflected $94.8 million of lower sales of aerospace electronics and lower sales of $5.9 million of defense electronics. the weakness in the commercial aerospace industry, due to covid, negatively affected sales of aerospace electronics. the decrease in operating income in 2020 primarily reflected the impact of lower sales and $18.3 million of higher severance, facility consolidation expense and certain unfavorable changes in contract cost estimates.
cost of sales for 2020 decreased by $19.6 million, compared with 2019, and reflected the impact of lower net sales. cost of sales as a percentage of net sales for 2020 increased to 67.0% from 60.1% in 2019 and reflected the impact of higher severance, facility consolidation expense and certain unfavorable changes in contract cost estimates. selling, general and administrative expenses, including research and development expense, decreased to $112.6 million in 2020, from $131.1 million in 2019 and reflected the impact of lower net sales, partially offset by higher severance and facility consolidation expense. the selling, general and administrative expense percentage was 19.1% in 2020 compared to 19.0% in 2019.
engineered systems
(dollars in millions)                                                              2021                    2020                    2019
net sales                                                                        $405.8                  $416.3                  $375.5
cost of sales                                                                    $332.5                  $337.6                  $312.2
selling, general and administrative expenses                                      $24.7                   $28.6                   $26.8
operating income                                                                  $48.6                   $50.1                   $36.5
cost of sales % of net sales                                                  81.9    %               81.1    %               83.1    %
selling, general and administrative expenses % of net sales                    6.1    %                6.9    %                7.2    %
operating income % of net sales                                               12.0    %               12.0    %                9.7    %
international sales % of net sales                                             0.9    %                0.7    %                1.1    %
u.s. government sales % of net sales                                          88.3    %               92.9    %               92.3    %
our engineered systems segment provides innovative systems engineering and integration, advanced technology development, and manufacturing solutions for defense, space, environmental and energy applications, including the design and manufacture of electrochemical energy systems.
2021 compared with 2020
our engineered systems segment net sales for 2021 decreased 2.5%, compared with 2020. operating income for 2021 decreased 3.0%, compared with 2020.
the 2021 net sales decrease primarily reflected lower sales of $19.1 million for turbine engines, partially offset by higher sales of $8.3 million for engineered products $0.3 million for energy systems. the higher net sales for engineered products primarily reflected increased sales from missile defense, medical modeling and analysis, and marine and other manufacturing programs. teledyne exited the cruise missile turbine engine business in the first quarter of 2021. operating income in 2021 primarily reflected the impact of lower sales.
cost of sales for 2021 decreased by $5.1 million, compared with 2020, and primarily reflected the impact of lower net sales. cost of sales as a percentage of net sales for 2021 increased slightly to 81.9%, compared with 81.1% in 2020. selling, general and administrative expenses, including research and development and bid and proposal expense, decreased to $24.7 million in 2021, compared with $28.6 million in 2020. the selling, general and administrative expense percentage decreased slightly to 6.1% for 2021, compared with 6.9% in 2020.
2020 compared with 2019
our engineered systems segment net sales for 2020 increased 10.9%, compared with 2019. operating income for 2020 increased 37.3%, compared with 2019.
the 2020 net sales increase reflected higher sales of $35.2 million of engineered products and services and $8.4 million of turbine engines, partially offset by lower sales of $2.8 million of energy systems products. the higher sales of engineered products and services primarily reflected increased sales from marine, space, nuclear and other manufacturing programs, as well as electronic manufacturing services products, partially offset by lower sales related to missile defense. the higher sales of turbine engines reflected increased sales for the harpoon missile program. operating income in 2020 reflected the impact of higher sales and a greater mix of higher margin fixed-price manufacturing programs.
cost of sales for 2020 increased by $25.4 million, compared with 2019, and primarily reflected the impact of higher net sales. cost of sales as a percentage of net sales for 2020 decreased to 81.1%, compared with 83.1% in 2019. selling, general and administrative expenses, including research and development and bid and proposal expense, increased to $28.6 million in 2020, compared with $26.8 million in 2019. the selling, general and administrative expense percentage decreased slightly to 6.9% for 2020, compared with 7.2% in 2019.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources principal cash and capital requirements our principal cash and capital requirements are to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, income tax payments and debt service requirements, as well as acquisitions. it is anticipated that operating cash flow, together with available borrowings under the credit facility and the debt financing arrangement described below will be sufficient to meet these requirements. to support acquisitions, we may need to raise additional capital. our liquidity is not dependent upon the use of off-balance sheet financial arrangements. we have no off-balance sheet financing arrangements that incorporate the use of special purpose or unconsolidated entities.
credit facility, senior notes and term loan long-term debt (dollars in millions, except as noted):                     january 2, 2022                     january 3, 2021
$1.15 billion credit facility due march 2026, weighted average variable rate of 1.20% at january 2, 2022 and 1.05% at january 3, 2021                      $125.0                              $125.0
term loan due october 2024, variable rate of 1.35% at january 2, 2022 and 1.15% at january 3, 2021, swapped to a euro fixed rate of 0.612%                       150.6                               150.0
0.65% fixed rate senior notes due april 2023                       300.0                                   -
0.95% fixed rate senior notes due april 2024, callable after april 2022                       450.0                                   -
1.60% fixed rate senior notes due april 2026                       450.0                                   -
2.25% fixed rate senior notes due april 2028                       700.0                                   -
2.50% fixed rate senior notes due august 2030                       500.0                                   -
2.75% fixed rate senior notes due april 2031                     1,100.0                                   -
term loan due may 2026, variable rate of 1.35% at january 2, 2022                       355.0                                   -
3.09% fixed rate senior notes due december 2021                           -                                95.0
3.28% fixed rate senior notes due november 2022                           -                               100.0
0.70% €50 million fixed rate senior notes due april 2022                           -                                61.1
0.92% €100 million fixed rate senior notes due april 2023                           -                               122.1
1.09% €100 million fixed rate senior notes due april 2024                           -                               122.1
other debt                         0.7                                 4.0
debt issuance costs                      (31.9)                               (0.8)
total long-term debt                     4,099.4                               778.5
current portion of long-term debt                           -                              (97.6)
total long-term debt, net of current portion                    $4,099.4                              $680.9
at january 2, 2022, we had $281.9 million in outstanding letters of credit. of this amount, $244.6 million was released in february 2022.
our credit facility, senior notes and term loan agreement require the company to comply with various financial and operating covenants, including maintaining certain consolidated leverage and interest coverage ratios, as well as minimum net worth levels and limits on acquired debt. at january 2, 2022, the company was in compliance with these covenants and we had a significant amount of margin between required financial covenant ratios and our actual ratios. currently, we do not believe our ability to undertake additional debt financing, if needed, is reasonably likely to be materially impacted by debt restrictions under our credit agreements subject to our complying with required financial covenants listed in the table below.
financial covenant ratios and the actual ratios at january 2, 2022:
$1.15 billion credit facility expires march 2026, $1.0 billion term loan due may 2026 and $150.0 million term loan due october 2024 (issued october 2019)
financial covenant                                                requirement                                                                                                           actual measure consolidated leverage ratio (net debt/ebitda) (a)                 no more than 4.75 to 1                                                                                                    2.913 to 1
consolidated interest coverage ratio (ebitda/interest) (b)        no less than 3.0 to 1                                                                                                      10.6 to 1
(a) the consolidated leverage ratio is equal to net debt/ebitda as defined in our $1.15 billion credit agreement. requirement changes to 4.5 to 1 for the second and third quarter of 2022 and to 4.0 to 1 for the fourth quarter of 2022 and 3.5 to 1 thereafter.
(b) the consolidated interest coverage ratio is equal to ebitda/interest as defined in our $1.15 billion credit agreement.
available borrowing capacity under the $1.15 billion credit facility, which is reduced by borrowings and $281.9 million in outstanding letters of credit, was $759.2 million at january 2, 2022. of the $281.9 million in outstanding letters of credit, $244.6 million was released in february 2022. see note 9, long-term debt to these consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our credit facility and term loan.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our expected cash outflows resulting from financial contracts and commitments at january 2, 2022:
contractual obligations (in millions):                           2022                    2023                    2024                  2025                      2026                      after 2026                         total debt obligations                                                $-                  $300.2                  $600.7                  $0.1                    $930.2                     $2,300.1                        $4,131.3
interest expense (a)                                          81.6                    80.0                    76.1                  73.6                      63.1                        194.2                           568.6
operating lease obligations (b)                               33.5                    29.9                    24.3                  21.7                      18.6                         65.4                           193.4
purchase obligations (c)                                     264.4                    10.3                     6.4                   1.2                       0.6                          0.9                           283.8
total                                                       $379.5                  $420.4                  $707.5                 $96.6                  $1,012.5                     $2,560.6                        $5,177.1
(a)    interest expense related to the credit facility, including facility fees, is assumed to accrue at the rates in effect at year-end 2021 and is assumed to be paid at the end of each quarter with the final payment in march 2026 when the credit facility expires.
(b)        includes imputed interest and the short-term portion of lease obligations.
(c)    purchase obligations generally include contractual obligations for the purchase of goods and services and capital commitments that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specifies all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction.
unrecognized tax benefits of $402.0 million and accrued interest and penalties on these tax matters of $160.8 million are not included in the table above. as discussed in note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, teledyne paid $296.4 million in february 2022 for the swedish tax matter, including accrued interest and penalties. the remaining unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties are not included in the table above because $52.9 million is offset by deferred tax assets, and the remainder cannot be reasonably estimated to be settled in cash due to a lack of prior settlement history and offsetting credits.
at january 2, 2022, we were not required, and accordingly are not planning, to make any cash contributions to the domestic qualified pension plans for 2022. our minimum funding requirements after 2021 as set forth by erisa, are dependent on several factors as discussed under "accounting for pension plans" in the critical accounting policies section of this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation. estimates beyond 2022 have not been provided due to the significant uncertainty of these amounts, which are subject to change until the company's pension assumptions can be updated at the appropriate times. in addition, certain pension contributions are eligible for future recovery through the pricing of products and services to the u.s. government under certain government contracts, therefore, future cash contributions are not necessarily indicative of the impact these contributions may have on our liquidity. we also have payments due under our other postretirement benefit plans. these plans are not required to be funded in advance, but are pay as you go. see further discussion in note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. teledyne intends to continue to monitor and manage its defined benefit pension plans obligation and may take additional actions to manage risk in the future.
operating activities in 2021, net cash provided by operating activities was $824.6 million, compared with $618.9 million in 2020 and $482.1 million in 2019. the higher cash provided by operating activities in 2021, compared with 2020, reflected the impact of higher net income and the cash flow contribution from flir, partially offset by $9.1 million of higher income tax payments. the higher cash provided by operating activities in 2020, compared with 2019, was driven by the timing of accounts receivable collections, cash flow from recent acquisitions and $35.6 million of lower income tax payments.
free cash flow (cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures) was $723.0 million in 2021, compared with $547.5 million in 2020 and $393.7 million in 2019.
free cash flow(a)(in millions, brackets indicate use of funds)                2021                                     2020                    2019
cash provided by operating activities                                                        $824.6                  $618.9                  $482.1
capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment                                      (101.6)                  (71.4)                  (88.4)
free cash flow                                                                               $723.0                  $547.5                  $393.7
a) we define free cash flow as cash provided by operating activities (a measure prescribed by generally accepted accounting principles) less capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment. we believe that this supplemental non-gaap information is useful to assist management and the investment community in analyzing our ability to generate cash flow.
on january 26, 2022, the administrative court of appeal in stockholm, sweden generally affirmed the march 2020 ruling of the first instance court and determined a tax liability in the amount of sek 2.765 billion. teledyne paid the tax on february 2, 2022 totaling $296.4 million.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $3,824.3 million, $99.4 million and $571.9 million for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. cash flows relating to investing activities consist primarily of cash used for acquisitions and other investments and capital expenditures.
capital expenditures (in millions):                        2021                  2020                  2019
digital imaging                                        $64.2                 $33.4                 $45.2
instrumentation                                         13.3                  18.0                  18.9
aerospace and defense electronics                        8.4                  10.4                  19.0
engineered systems                                      12.9                   7.5                   3.6
corporate                                                2.8                   2.1                   1.7
$101.6                 $71.4                 $88.4
during 2022, we plan to invest approximately $100.0 million in capital expenditures, principally to upgrade facilities and manufacturing equipment.
acquisitions investing activities used cash for acquisitions and other investments of $3,723.3 million, $29.0 million and $484.0 million, in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively (see "recent acquisitions"). teledyne funded the acquisitions from borrowings under its credit facilities, issuance of senior notes and term loans, the issuance of teledyne common stock and cash on hand.
for all acquisitions, the results of operations and cash flows are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of each respective acquisition.
the following table shows the purchase price (net of cash acquired), goodwill acquired and intangible assets acquired for the acquisitions and other investments made in 2021 and 2020 (in millions):
2021
acquisition                                                                                                 acquisition date                                                                                            consideration transferred(a)                                                                                goodwill acquired                                                                                           acquired intangible assets flir                                                                                                        may 14, 2021                                                                                                $7,620.9                                                                                                    $5,905.5                                                                                                    $2,490.0
(a) net of cash acquired. the consideration included approximately $3.9 billion of teledyne shares issued to existing shareholders of the acquired company. this $3.9 billion of equity consideration is a non-cash transaction. an immaterial portion of the cash consideration for certain vested flir restricted stock awards was deferred at the election of the award holder and will be paid out in future periods.
2020
acquisition                                                                   acquisition date                      cash paid (a)                goodwill acquired                acquired intangible assets oakgate technology, inc.                                                      january 5, 2020                        $28.5                           $16.9                                   $7.0
purchase price adjustment - micralyne inc. (acquired in 2019)                                                          0.5                               -                                      -
total                                                                                                                $29.0                           $16.9                                   $7.0
(a) net of cash acquired .
goodwill resulting from the oakgate and micralyne acquisitions will not be deductible for tax purposes.
financing activities financing activities for 2021 reflected net proceeds from debt of $2,834.2 million, compared with net payments on debt of $98.1 million in 2020 and net proceeds from debt of $108.8 million for 2019. fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019 reflect proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $25.4 million, $36.3 million and $34.6 million, respectively.
in the first quarter of 2021, teledyne completed various financing activities related to the then pending acquisition of flir. these activities included entering into a $4.5 billion short term stand-by bridge facility on january 4, 2021, as required by the definitive agreement, resulting in debt expense of $17.2 million. in addition, on march 17, 2021 teledyne called $493.3 million of existing fixed rate senior notes and incurred debt extinguishment expenses of $13.4 million, which is included in interest and debt expense, net. on march 22, 2021, teledyne completed all permanent financing for the acquisition of flir and terminated the $4.5 billion stand-by bridge facility. the permanent financing consists of $3.0 billion investment-grade bonds (the "notes"), including $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0.65% notes due 2023, $450.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0.95% notes due 2024, $450.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.60% notes due 2026, $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.25% notes due 2028 and $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.75% notes due 2031. teledyne may redeem the $450.0 million of 0.95% notes due 2024 at any time or from time to time, in whole or in part, at the company's option, from and after april 1, 2022, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes redeemed. in addition, we guaranteed flir's $500.0 million, 2.50% fixed rate senior notes due august 2030.
previously on march 4, 2021, teledyne entered into a $1.0 billion term loan credit agreement (maturing may 2026) and an amended and restated credit agreement (maturing march 2026) with capacity of $1.15 billion. the terms of the $1.0 billion term loan credit agreement allow for prepayments, at the company's option, at any time or from time to time, in whole or in part without premium or penalty. teledyne used the proceeds from the notes together with the proceeds from the $1.0 billion term loan credit agreement and cash on hand to pay the cash portion of the consideration for the flir acquisition and refinance certain existing debt.
other matters pension plans teledyne has two domestic qualified defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all u.s. employees hired before january 1, 2004, or approximately 6% of teledyne's active employees as of january 2, 2022. as of january 1, 2004, new u.s. hires participate in a domestic defined contribution plan. in 2021, 2020 and 2019, teledyne was not required, and did not make any cash contributions to the domestic pension plans. for the company's domestic qualified defined benefit pension plans, the discount rate for 2022 will increase to an average of 2.97% from 2.64% in 2021. the company also has several small non-qualified domestic and foreign-based defined benefit pension plans.
income taxes our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management's best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. we are subject to income taxes in both the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense.
we intend to reinvest indefinitely the earnings of our material foreign subsidiaries in our operations outside of the united states. the cash that the company's foreign subsidiaries hold for indefinite reinvestment is generally used to finance foreign operations and investments, including foreign acquisitions. we estimate that future domestic cash generation will be sufficient to meet future domestic cash requirements. u.s. federal and applicable state income taxes have been accrued for deemed repatriations. at january 2, 2022, the amount of undistributed foreign earnings was $619.8 million, for which we have not recorded a deferred tax liability of approximately $1.3 million for corporate income taxes which would be due if reinvested foreign earnings were repatriated. should we decide to repatriate the foreign earnings, we would need to adjust our income tax provision in the period we determined that we would no longer indefinitely reinvest the earnings outside the united states.
deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amount in the financial statements, which will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. in evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. in projecting future taxable income, we begin with historical results adjusted for the results of discontinued operations and incorporate assumptions about the amount of future state, federal and foreign pretax operating income adjusted for items that do not have tax consequences. the assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. in evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider three years of cumulative operating income. based on the company's history of operating earnings, expectations of future operating earnings and potential tax planning strategies, management believes that it is possible that some portion of deferred taxes will not be realized as a future tax benefit and therefore has recorded a valuation allowance.
we file income tax returns in the united states federal jurisdiction and in various states and foreign jurisdictions. the company has substantially concluded on all u.s. federal income tax matters for all years through 2011, canadian income tax matters for all years through 2012, swedish income tax matters for all years through 2011, norwegian income tax matters for all years through 2016, belgian income tax matters for all years through 2018, french income tax matters for all years through 2018 and united kingdom income tax matters for all years through 2019.
costs and pricing inflation has been rising in the markets in which we operate. current inventory costs, the increasing costs of labor, materials, equipment and other costs are considered in establishing sales pricing policies. the company emphasizes cost containment and cost reductions in all aspects of its business.
hedging activities and market risk disclosures teledyne transacts business in various foreign currencies and has international sales and expenses denominated in foreign currencies, subjecting the company to foreign currency risk. the company's primary foreign currency risk objective is to protect the u. s. dollar value of future cash flows and minimize the volatility of reported earnings. the company utilizes foreign currency forward contracts to reduce the volatility of cash flows primarily related to forecasted revenue and expenses denominated in canadian dollars for our canadian companies, and in british pounds for our u.k. companies. these contracts are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. the company has converted u.s. dollar denominated, variable rate and fixed rate debt obligations of a european subsidiary, into euro fixed rate obligations using a receive float, pay fixed cross currency swap, and a receive fixed, pay fixed cross currency swap. these cross currency swaps are designated as cash flow hedges. in addition, the company has converted domestic u.s. variable rate debt to fixed rate debt using a receive variable, pay fixed interest rate swap. the interest rate swap is also designated as a cash flow hedge.
the effectiveness of the cash flow hedge forward contracts, the cross currency swap hedges, and the interest rate swap cash flow hedge is assessed prospectively and retrospectively on a monthly basis using regression analysis, as well as using other timing and probability criteria. to receive hedge accounting treatment, all hedging relationships are formally documented at the inception of the hedges and must be highly effective in offsetting changes to future cash flows on hedged transactions. the effective portion of the cash flow hedge forward contracts' gains or losses resulting from changes in the fair value of these hedges is initially reported, net of tax, as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) ("aoci") in stockholders' equity until the underlying hedged item is reflected in our consolidated statements of income, at which time the effective amount in aoci is reclassified to revenue in our consolidated statements of income. for the cross currency swap and interest rate cash flow hedges, effective amounts are recorded in aoci, and reclassified into interest expense in the consolidated statements of income. in addition, for the cross currency swaps an amount is reclassified from aoci to other income and expense each reporting period, to offset the earnings impact of the remeasurement of the hedged liabilities. net deferred losses recorded in aoci, net of tax, for forward contracts that will mature in the next 12 months total $0.7 million. these losses are expected to be offset by anticipated gains in the value of the forecasted underlying hedged item. amounts related to the cross currency swaps and interest rate swap expected to be reclassified from aoci into income in the coming 12 months total $2.8 million.
in the event that the underlying forecasted transactions do not occur, or it becomes remote that they will occur, within the defined hedge period, the gains or losses on the related cash flow hedges will be reclassified from aoci to other income and expense. during the current reporting period, all forecasted transactions occurred and, therefore, there were no such gains or losses reclassified to other income and expense, due to missed forecasts.
as of january 2, 2022, teledyne had foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges to buy canadian dollars and to sell u.s. dollars totaling $148.2 million. these foreign currency forward contracts have maturities ranging from march 2022 to february 2023. teledyne had foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges to buy british pounds and to sell u.s. dollars totaling $18.9 million. these foreign currency forward contracts have maturities ranging from march 2022 to february 2023.
the cross currency swaps have notional amounts of €113.0 million and $125.0 million, and €135.0 million and $150.0 million, and mature in march 2023 and october 2024, respectively. the interest rate swap has a notional amount of $125.0 million and matures in march 2023.
in addition, the company utilizes foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate foreign exchange rate risk associated with foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, including intercompany receivables and payables. as of january 2, 2022, teledyne primarily had foreign currency contracts of this type in the following currency pairs (in millions):
contracts to buy                              contracts to sell currency                   amount             currency                amount canadian dollars           c$    169.4        u.s. dollars            us$   132.0
euros                      €     147.3        u.s. dollars            us$   167.1
euros                      €      33.5        canadian dollars        c$     48.4
great britain pounds       £      59.2        u.s. dollars            us$    78.9
u.s. dollars               us$    31.0        swedish krona           kr    280.1
danish krone               kr.   395.3        u.s. dollars            us$    60.2
swedish krona              kr    355.7        euros                   €      35.0
norwegian krone            kr    228.0        swedish krona           kr    227.1
norwegian krone            kr     78.9        u.s. dollars            us$     8.6
the above table includes non-designated hedges derived from terms contained in triggered or previously designated cash flow hedges. these contracts had a positive fair value of $1.6 million at january 2, 2022. the gains and losses on these derivatives which are not designated as hedging instruments, are intended to, at a minimum, partially offset the transaction gains and losses recognized in earnings.
all derivatives are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. as discussed below, the accounting for gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value depends on the use of the derivative and whether it is designated and qualifies for hedge accounting. teledyne does not use foreign currency forward contracts for speculative or trading purposes.
notwithstanding our efforts to mitigate portions of our foreign currency exchange rate risks, there can be no assurance that our hedging activities will adequately protect us against the risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations. a hypothetical 10 percent price change of the u.s. dollar from its value at january 2, 2022, would result in a decrease or increase in the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges to buy canadian dollars and to sell u.s. dollars by approximately $14.8 million. a hypothetical 10 percent price change in the u.s. dollar from its value at january 2, 2022 would result in a decrease in the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges to buy british pounds and to sell u.s. dollars by approximately $1.9 million. a hypothetical 10 percent price change in the u.s. dollar from its value at january 2, 2022 would result in a decrease or increase in the fair value of our euro/u.s. dollar cross currency swaps designated as cash flow hedges by approximately $28.7 million. a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in u.s. interest rates at january 3, 2021 would result in an increase in the fair value of our u.s. dollar interest rate swap designated as a cash flow hedge by approximately $1.4 million, while a 100 basis point decrease would result in a decrease in its fair value of $0.8 million.
borrowings under our credit facility are at fixed rates that vary with the term and timing of each loan under the facility. loans under the facility typically have terms of one, two, three or six months and the interest rate for each such loan is subject to change if the loan is continued or converted following the applicable maturity date. interest rates are also subject to change based on our debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ratio. as of january 2, 2022, we had $125.0 million outstanding under our $1.15 billion credit facility. any borrowings under the company's credit facility are based on a fluctuating market interest rate and, consequently, the fair value of any outstanding debt should not be affected materially by changes in market interest rates.
our primary exposure to market risk relates to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. we periodically evaluate these risks and have taken measures to mitigate these risks. we own assets and operate facilities in countries that have been politically stable.
environmental we are subject to various federal, state, local and international environmental laws and regulations which require that we investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations. these include sites at which teledyne has been identified as a potentially responsible party under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act, commonly known as superfund, and comparable state laws. we are currently involved in the investigation and remediation of a number of sites. reserves for environmental investigation and remediation totaled $6.3 million and $6.5 million as of january 2, 2022 and january 3, 2021, respectively. as investigation and remediation of these sites proceed and new information is received, the company will adjust accruals to reflect new information. based on current information, we do not believe that future environmental costs, in excess of those already accrued, will materially and adversely affect our financial condition or liquidity. see also our environmental risk factor disclosure beginning on page 16 and notes 2 and 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
government contracts we perform work on a number of contracts with the u.s. department of defense and other agencies and departments of the u.s. government including sub-contracts with government prime contractors. sales under these contracts with the u.s. government, which included contracts with the u.s. department of defense, were approximately 26% of total net sales in both 2021 and 2020 and 24% of total net sales in 2019. for a summary of sales to the u.s. government by segment, see note 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. sales to the u.s. department of defense represented approximately 19%, 19% and 17% of total net sales for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
performance under government contracts has certain inherent risks that could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition. government contracts are conditioned upon the continuing availability of congressional appropriations, which usually are made available on a fiscal year basis even though contract performance may take more than one year. see also our government contracts risks factor disclosure beginning on page 12.
for information on accounts receivable from the u.s. government, see note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
estimates and reserves our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to product returns and replacements, allowance for doubtful accounts, inventories, intangible assets, income taxes, warranty obligations, pension and other postretirement benefits, long-term contracts, environmental, workers' compensation and general liability, employee benefits and other contingencies and litigation. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances at the time, the results of which form the basis for making our judgments. actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. in some cases, such differences may be material. see also critical accounting policies and estimates.
the following table reflects significant reserves and valuation accounts, which are estimates and based on judgments as described above, at january 2, 2022, and january 3, 2021:
reserves and valuation accounts (in millions): (a)             2021                  2020
allowance for doubtful accounts                                           $13.8                 $12.3
workers' compensation and general liability reserves (b)                   $5.9                  $6.2
environmental reserves (b)                                                 $6.3                  $6.5
other accrued liability reserves (b)                                      $12.4                 $12.9
(a) this table should be read in conjunction with the notes to consolidated financial statements.
(b) includes both long-term and short-term reserves.
some of the company's products are subject to standard warranties and the company provides for the estimated cost of product warranties. we regularly assess the adequacy of our pre-existing warranty liabilities and adjust amounts as necessary based on a review of historical warranty experience with respect to the applicable business or products, as well as the length and actual terms of the warranties, which are typically one year. the product warranty reserve is included in current accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities on the balance sheet.
warranty reserve (in millions):                         2021                  2020                    2019
balance at beginning of year                        $22.4                 $24.8                   $21.0
product warranty expense                             11.9                   3.3                    13.1
deductions                                         (10.1)                 (8.2)                  (14.2)
acquisitions                                         25.3                   2.5                     4.9
balance at year-end                                 $49.5                 $22.4                   $24.8
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with united states generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the notes to the financial statements. some of those judgments can be subjective and complex, and therefore, actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. our critical accounting policies are those that are reflective of significant judgment, complexity and uncertainty, and may potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. we have identified the following as critical accounting policies: revenue recognition; accounting for business combinations, goodwill and acquired intangible assets; accounting for income taxes; and accounting for pension plans. for additional discussion of the application of these and other accounting policies, see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition prior to the acquisition of flir, approximately 40% of our revenue was recognized over time, with the remaining 60% of our revenue recognized at a point in time. the majority of flir revenue is recognized at a point in time. in future periods, we expect approximately 30% of revenue to be recognized over time, with the remaining 70% recognized at a point in time.
revenue recognized over time relates primarily to contracts to design, develop and/or manufacture highly engineered products used in both defense and commercial applications. the transaction price in these arrangements may include estimated amounts of variable consideration, including award fees, incentive fees, contract amounts not yet funded, or other provisions that can either increase or decrease the transaction price. we estimate variable consideration at the amount to which we expect to be entitled, and we include estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the estimation uncertainty is resolved. the estimation of this variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely on an assessment of our anticipated performance and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available to us. as control transfers continuously over time on these contracts, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. the selection of the method to measure progress towards completion requires judgment and is based on the nature of the products or services to be provided. we generally use the cost-to-cost measure of progress as this measure best depicts the transfer of control to the customer which occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. under the cost-to-cost method, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation.
for over time contracts using cost-to-cost, we have an estimate at completion ("eac") process in which management reviews the progress and execution of our performance obligations. this eac process requires management judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract revenue, determining reasonably dependable cost estimates, and making assumptions for schedule and technical issues. since certain contracts extend over a longer period of time, the impact of revisions in cost and revenue estimates during the progress of work may adjust the current period earnings through a cumulative catch-up basis. this method recognizes, in the current period, the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior quarters. additionally, if the current contract estimate indicates a loss, a provision is made for the total anticipated loss in the period that it becomes evident. contract cost and revenue estimates for significant contracts are generally reviewed and reassessed quarterly.
we do not believe that any discrete event or adjustment to an individual contract within the aggregate changes in contract estimates for 2021, 2020 or 2019 was material to the consolidated statements of income for such annual periods.
revenue recognized at a point in time relates primarily to the sale of standard or minimally customized products, with control transferring to the customer generally upon the transfer of title. see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional revenue recognition disclosures.
business combinations, goodwill and acquired intangible assets the results for all acquisitions are included in the company's consolidated financial statements from the date of each respective acquisition. business acquisitions are accounted for under the acquisition method by assigning the purchase price to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their fair values and the excess of the purchase price over the amounts assigned is recorded as goodwill. we determine the fair value of such assets and liabilities, often in consultation with third-party valuation advisors. acquired intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. adjustments to fair value assessments are recorded to goodwill over the purchase price allocation period.
goodwill and acquired intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized. we review goodwill and acquired indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. the company also performs an annual impairment test in the fourth quarter of each year. we test goodwill and acquired indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce our enterprise fair value below its book value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, including a significant sustained decline in an entity's market value, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of the business, or other factors.
we may use either a qualitative or quantitative approach when testing a reporting unit's goodwill for impairment. for selected reporting units where we use the qualitative approach, we perform a qualitative evaluation of events and circumstances impacting the reporting unit to determine the likelihood of goodwill impairment. based on that qualitative evaluation, if we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, no further evaluation is necessary. otherwise we perform a quantitative impairment test. we perform a quantitative test for each reporting unit at least once every three years.
for goodwill impairment testing using the quantitative approach, we estimate the fair value of the selected reporting units primarily through the use of a discounted cash flow model based on our best estimate of amounts and timing of future revenues and cash flows and our most recent business and strategic plans, and compares the estimated fair value to the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill. the discounted cash flow model requires judgmental assumptions about projected revenue growth, future operating margins, discount rates and terminal values over a multi-year period. there are inherent uncertainties related to these assumptions and management's judgment in applying them to the analysis of goodwill impairment. while we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of its reporting units, it is possible a material change could occur. if actual results are not consistent with management's estimates and assumptions, goodwill may be overstated and a charge would need to be taken against net earnings.
when using a quantitative approach, changes in our projections used in the discounted cash flow model could affect the estimated fair value of certain of the company's reporting units and could result in a goodwill impairment charge in a future period. in order to evaluate the sensitivity of the fair value calculations used in the quantitative goodwill impairment test, the company will apply a hypothetical 10% decrease to the fair values of each reporting unit subject to a quantitative impairment test and compare those values to the reporting unit carrying values. due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a reporting unit's fair value and the relative size of our recorded goodwill, differences in assumptions may have a material effect on the results of our impairment analysis.
as of january 2, 2022, the company had eleven reporting units for goodwill impairment testing. a qualitative test was performed for all reporting units in the four quarter of 2021. excluding the flir reporting unit, the carrying value of goodwill included in the company's individual reporting units ranged from $20.4 million to $885.0 million on the most recent quantitative test date. while goodwill for the flir reporting unit is provisional during the measurement period, the provisional acquired goodwill balance is $5,905.5 million. the company's analysis in 2021 indicated that in all instances, the fair value of the company's reporting units exceeded their carrying values and consequently did not result in an impairment charge.
income taxes we make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. these estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, benefits and deductions, and in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes. in addition, uncertainty exists regarding tax positions taken in previously filed tax returns still under examination and positions expected to be taken in the current year and future returns which may impact income tax expense. on a quarterly basis, we provide for income taxes based upon an estimated annual effective tax rate which is dependent on the geographic composition of worldwide earnings, tax regulations governing each region, availability of tax credits, and the effectiveness of our tax planning strategies. although we believe our income tax expense is reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome will not be different from that which is reflected in our historical income tax provisions. to the extent that the final tax outcome is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. an increase of 100 basis points in our nominal tax rate would have resulted in additional income tax provision for the fiscal year ended january 2, 2022, of $5.3 million.
deferred tax assets and liabilities arise due to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and tax carryforwards. significant management judgment is required in determining whether deferred tax assets will be realized in full or in part. when it is more-likely-than-not that all or some portion of deferred tax assets may not be realized, a valuation allowance must be established against the deferred tax assets. in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available positive and negative evidence including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. in the event that we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations across domestic and foreign jurisdictions. we establish reserves for uncertain tax positions when, despite the belief that our tax positions are supportable, there remains uncertainty in a tax position taken in our filed tax returns or planned to be taken in a future tax return or claim. we follow a recognition and measurement approach, considering the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. judgment is exercised in determining the level of evidence necessary and appropriate to support its assessment using all available information. the technical merits of a given tax position are derived from sources of authority in the tax law and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the position. in measuring the tax position, we consider the amount and probabilities of the outcomes that could be realized upon settlement. when it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained, we record a liability for the anticipated tax and interest due upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority. unrecognized tax benefits, including accrued penalties and interest, increased $529.3 million from the prior year, primarily related to the flir acquisition on may 14, 2021. during the first quarter of 2022, we paid approximately $296.4 million related to an acquired uncertain tax position, refer to note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional detail. to the extent we prevail in matters for which reserves have been established or are required to pay amounts in excess of reserves, there could be a significant impact on our consolidated financial position and annual results of operations.
for a description of the company's tax accounting policies, refer to note 2 and note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
pension plans the company's accounting for its defined benefit pension plans requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined on an actuarial basis, rather than as contributions are made to the plan. in consultation with our actuaries, we determine the appropriate assumptions for use in determining the liability for future pension benefits. net actuarial gains or losses are amortized to expense on a plan-by-plan basis when they exceed the accounting corridor. the accounting corridor is a defined range within which amortization of net gains and losses is not required and is equal to 10 percent of the greater of the market related value of assets or benefit obligations. gains or losses outside of the corridor are subject to amortization. for our plan which covers mostly inactive participants, gains and losses subject to amortization are amortized over the average participants future life expectancy which is approximately 17 years. this plan represents the majority of the pension obligations. for our other plan, gains and losses subject to amortization are amortized over the average employee future service period which is approximately nine years. significant assumptions used in determining the our pension income or expense are the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, participant mortality estimates, expected rates of increase in future compensation levels, employee turnover, as well as the assumed discount rate on pension obligations.
differences in the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on assets within the indicated range would have had the following impact on 2021 pension expense (in millions):
0.25 percentage               0.25 percentage point increase                 point decrease increase (decrease) to pension expense resulting from:
change in discount rate                                        $(0.2)                           $0.2
change in long-term rate of return on plan assets              $(2.1)                           $2.1
see note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional pension disclosures.
recent accounting standards for a discussion of recent accounting standards see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
safe harbor cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k contains forward-looking statements, as defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, directly and indirectly relating to earnings, growth opportunities, acquisitions and divestitures, product sales, capital expenditures, pension matters, stock option compensation expense, the credit facility, interest expense, severance and relocation costs, statements and goals relating to greenhouse gas emission reductions, environmental remediation cost, stock repurchases, taxes, exchange rate fluctuations and strategic plans. forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, are based on the current expectations of the management of teledyne and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. all statements made in this annual report on form 10-k that are not historical in nature should be considered forward-looking. actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements.
many factors could change the anticipated results, including: ongoing challenges and uncertainties posed by the covid pandemic for businesses and governments around the world, including production, supply, contractual and other disruptions, facility closures, furloughs and travel restrictions; the inability to achieve operating synergies with respect to the flir acquisition; changes in relevant tax and other laws; risks associated with indebtedness, as well as our ability to reduce indebtedness and the timing thereof; the impact of semiconductor and other supply chain shortages, higher inflation, including wage competition and higher shipping costs, and labor shortages and competition for skilled personnel; the inability to develop and market new competitive products; inherent uncertainties involved in the estimates and judgments used in the preparation of financial statements and the providing of estimates of financial measures, in accordance with u.s. gaap and related standards; operating results of flir being lower than anticipated; disruptions in the global economy; customer and supplier bankruptcies; changes in demand for products sold to the defense electronics, instrumentation, digital imaging, energy exploration and production, commercial aviation, semiconductor and communications markets; funding, continuation and award of government programs; cuts to defense spending resulting from existing and future deficit reduction measures or changes to u.s. and foreign government spending and budget priorities triggered by the covid pandemic; impacts from the united kingdom's exit from the european union; uncertainties related to the policies of the u.s. presidential administration; the imposition and expansion of, and responses to, trade sanctions and tariffs; the continuing review and resolution of flir's export and tax matters; escalating economic and diplomatic tension between china and the united states; the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine; threats to the security of our confidential and proprietary information, including cybersecurity threats; natural and man-made disasters, including those related to or intensified by climate change; and our ability to achieve emission reduction targets and decrease our carbon footprint. lower oil and natural gas prices, as well as instability in the middle east or other oil producing regions, and new regulations or restrictions relating to energy production, including those implemented in response to climate change, could further negatively affect our businesses that supply the oil and gas industry. continued weakness in the commercial aerospace industry will negatively affect the markets of our commercial aviation businesses. in addition, financial market fluctuations affect the value of the company's pension assets. changes in the policies of u.s. and foreign governments, including economic sanctions, could result, over time, in reductions or realignment in defense or other government spending and further changes in programs in which the company participates.
while teledyne's growth strategy includes possible acquisitions, we cannot provide any assurance as to when, if or on what terms any acquisitions will be made. acquisitions involve various inherent risks, such as, among others, our ability to integrate acquired businesses, retain key management and customers and achieve identified financial and operating synergies. there are additional risks associated with acquiring, owning and operating businesses outside of the united states, including those arising from u.s. and foreign government policy changes or actions and exchange rate fluctuations.
we continue to take action to assure compliance with the internal controls, disclosure controls and other requirements of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002. while we believe our control systems are effective, there are inherent limitations in all control systems, and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.
additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is contained beginning on page 6 of this form 10-k under the caption "risk factors; cautionary statement as to forward-looking statements." forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by words such as "estimate", "project", "predict", "believes" or "expect", that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. we assume no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or otherwise.
