item 1a. risk factors set forth below are risks and uncertainties we believe are material to our investors. you should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in the section titled information relating to forward-looking statements at the beginning of this annual report on form 10-k.
economic and industry risks conditions in the global economy, the particular markets we serve and the financial markets brought about by material global crises may adversely affect our business and financial statements.
our global operations expose us to risks associated with many types of crises, whether political, social, economic, climate or otherwise.  in particular, given our industry, we have exposure to public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics such as covid-19. most recently, covid-19 has had, and likely will continue to have, an adverse impact on our employees, operations, supply chains, and sales and distribution systems, including as a result of impacts associated with protective health measures that we, other businesses and governments are taking or might have to take again in the future. for example, as the world has grappled with the covid-19 pandemic, many governments issued "stay-at-home" orders which restricted business and personal activities, and many employers required employees to work from home and cease all travel. while many of these travel and activity restrictions have been partially or fully lifted in certain countries where the pandemic has been controlled, they may be reinstituted in the future and jurisdictions may continue to close borders, impose prolonged quarantines and further restrict travel and other activities.
in the past eighteen months, we have introduced new products or modified existing products to serve the research and healthcare markets as they address the global pandemic through novel diagnostic and therapeutic products. the direct impact of covid-19 and the preventive and precautionary measures implemented as a result thereof have adversely affected, and are expected to continue to adversely affect, certain elements of our company (including to a different degree our operations, commercial organizations, supply chains and distribution systems) and the future impact may be material, though the impact on our different businesses and the different elements of our businesses varies (please see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" for a discussion of how covid-19 impacted our results of operations and financial position in fiscal 2021). without limiting the foregoing, we have experienced and/or may in the future experience:
●   adverse impacts on customer orders and purchases and unpredictable reductions in demand for many of our products;

●   constraints on the movement of our products through the supply chain;

●   adverse impacts on our collections of accounts receivable, including delays in collections and increases in uncollectible receivables;

●   supply chain capacity constraints and price increases, including with respect to freight services;

●   failure of covid-19 related products to be adopted in the market as anticipated;

●   adverse impacts on our workforce and/or key employees;

●   unpredictable increases in demand for certain products; and

●   increased cybersecurity attack activity.

any of these developments may adversely affect our business and financial statements.
14
u.s. and international political, economic, compliance and business factors, including the united kingdom's recent withdrawal from the european union, can negatively impact our operations and financial results.
changes, potential changes or uncertainties in u.s. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, and development and investment in the territories and countries where we or our customers operate, or governing the health care system, can adversely affect our business and financial statements. for example, the current u.s. administration has continued to keep in place many of the significant tariff increases for goods imported into the united states, particularly from china, imposed by the prior administration. congress and the u.s. administration is also considering significant changes to healthcare in the united states, including government negotiation/regulation of drug prices paid by government programs.
additionally, the uk's exit from the european union at the end of calendar year 2020 has created political and economic uncertainty, particularly in the uk and the eu, and has disrupted the free flow of goods and people between the uk and the eu.  in addition, our business could be negatively affected by new trade agreements between the uk and other countries, including the united states, and by the possible imposition of trade or other regulatory barriers in the uk. any of these factors have affected and could continue to adversely affect customer demand, our relationships with customers and suppliers, and our business and financial results, particularly since our european headquarters and primary shipping facilities have been located in the uk. additionally, attracting and retaining qualified employees who are citizens of eu countries to our uk facilities may be more difficult given the uncertainties resulting from the uk's withdrawal.
we engage in business globally, with approximately 46% of our sales revenue in fiscal 2021 coming from outside the u.s. in addition, one of our strategies is to expand geographically, particularly in china, india and in developing countries, both through distribution and through direct operations. this subjects us to a number of risks, including international economic, political, and labor conditions; currency fluctuations; tax laws (including u.s. taxes on foreign subsidiaries); increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; unexpected changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements; failure of laws to protect intellectual property rights adequately; inadequate local infrastructure and difficulties in managing and staffing international operations; delays resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for certain technology; tariffs, quotas and other trade barriers and restrictions; transportation delays; operating in locations with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices; and other factors beyond our control, including terrorism, war, natural disasters, climate change and diseases.
the application of laws and regulations impacting global transactions is often unclear and may at times conflict. compliance with these laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in our business practices that result in reduced revenue and profitability. non-compliance could also result in fines, damages, criminal sanctions, prohibited business conduct, and damage to our reputation. we incur additional legal compliance costs associated with our global operations and could become subject to legal penalties in foreign countries if we do not comply with local laws and regulations, which may be substantially different from those in the u.s.
we continue to expand our operations in countries with developing economies, where it may be common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by u.s. regulations applicable to the company, such as the foreign corrupt practices act. although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors, and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain aspects of our business operations, including those based in foreign countries where practices which violate such u.s. laws may be customary, will comply with our internal policies. any such non-compliance, even if prohibited by our internal policies, could have an adverse effect on our business and result in significant fines or penalties.
the healthcare and life sciences industries that we serve face constant pressures and changes in an effort to reduce or increase the predictability of healthcare costs, all of which may adversely affect our business and financial results.
our protein sciences segment products are sold primarily to research scientists at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and at university and government research institutions. in addition to the impacts described above relating to covid-19, research and development spending by our customers and the availability of government research funding can fluctuate due to changes in available resources, mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, spending priorities, general economic conditions and institutional and governmental budgetary policies. we carry essentially no backlog of orders and changes in the level of orders received and filled daily can cause fluctuations in quarterly revenues and earnings.
our genomics and diagnostics segment products are intended primarily for the medical diagnostics market, which relies largely on government healthcare-related policies and funding. changes in government reimbursement for certain diagnostic tests or reductions in overall healthcare spending could negatively impact us directly or our customers and, correspondingly, our sales to them. for example, our exosome diagnostics business develops and sells novel exosome-based diagnostic tests.  while we received public payer coverage for certain uses, we are currently seeking expanded coverage from public payors as well as coverage decisions regarding reimbursement from additional private payers. however, the process and timeline for obtaining coverage decisions is uncertain and difficult to predict. further, reimbursement reductions due to changes in policy regarding coverage of tests or other requirements for payment (such as prior authorization, diagnosis code and other claims edits, or a physician or qualified practitioner's signature on test requisitions) may be implemented from time to time. all of these payor actions and changes may have a material adverse effect on revenue and earnings associated with our diagnostics products.
15
acquisition and investment risks our inability to consummate acquisitions at our historical rate and at appropriate prices, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy, could negatively impact our growth rate and stock price.
we routinely explore acquiring other businesses and assets, and have completed seventeen acquisitions and investments in the last nine years.  our ability to grow revenues, earnings and cash flow at or above our historic rates depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and realize anticipated synergies, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy. we may not be able to consummate acquisitions at rates similar to the past, which could adversely impact our growth rate and our stock price. promising acquisitions and investments are difficult to identify and complete for a number of reasons, including high valuations, competition among prospective buyers or investors, the availability of affordable funding in the capital markets and the need to satisfy applicable closing conditions and obtain applicable antitrust and other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms. changes in accounting or regulatory requirements or instability in the credit markets could also adversely impact our ability to consummate acquisitions and investments.
our acquisition of businesses, investments, joint ventures and other strategic relationships, if not properly implemented or integrated, could negatively impact our business and financial statements.
as part of our business strategy we acquire businesses, make investments and enter into joint ventures and other strategic relationships in the ordinary course, and we also from time to time complete more significant transactions. we joined with two partners to establish a collaborative marketing venture, scaleready llc, to address the needs of the rapidly expanding cell and gene therapy market.  while we believe this joint venture provides a competitive advantage in addressing this market, we may have interests that diverge from those of our joint venture partners, and we may not be able to direct or influence the management and operations of the joint venture in the manner we believe is most appropriate, exposing us to additional risk.  more generally, acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and strategic relationships involve a number of additional financial, accounting, managerial, operational, legal, compliance and other risks and challenges, including but not limited to the following, any of which could adversely affect our business and our financial statements:
●   businesses, technologies, services and products that we acquire or invest in sometimes under-perform relative to our expectations and the price that we paid, fail to perform in accordance with our anticipated timetable or fail to achieve and/or sustain profitability;

●   we from time to time incur or assume significant debt in connection with our acquisitions and investments, which can result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense and diminish our future access to the capital markets;

●   acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships can cause our financial results to differ from our own or the investment community's expectations in any given period, or over the long-term;

●   acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships can create demands on our management, operational resources and financial and internal control systems that we are unable to effectively address;

●   we can experience difficulty in integrating cultures, personnel, operations and financial and other controls and systems and retaining key employees and customers;

●   we may be unable to achieve cost savings or other synergies anticipated in connection with an acquisition, investment, joint venture or strategic relationship;

●   we have assumed and may assume unknown liabilities, known contingent liabilities that become realized, known liabilities that prove greater than anticipated, internal control deficiencies or exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from the acquired company's or investee's activities and the realization of any of these liabilities or deficiencies can increase our expenses, adversely affect our financial position or cause us to fail to meet our public financial reporting obligations;

●   in connection with acquisitions and joint ventures, we often enter into post-closing financial arrangements such as purchase price adjustments, earn-out obligations and indemnification obligations, which can have unpredictable financial results; and

●   investing in or making loans to early-stage companies often entails a high degree of risk, and we do not always achieve the strategic, technological, financial or commercial benefits we anticipate; we may lose our investment or fail to recoup our loan; or our investment may be illiquid for a greater-than-expected period of time.

we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill and other amortizable intangible assets, or other investments become impaired, which could negatively impact our financial statements or stock price.
we are required under generally accepted accounting principles to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and to review our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets, and other assets acquired through merger and acquisition activity, for impairment when events or changes in circumstance indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. factors that could lead to impairment of goodwill, amortizable intangible assets, and other assets acquired via acquisitions include significant adverse changes in the business climate and actual or projected operating results (affecting our company as a whole or affecting any particular segment) and declines in the financial condition of our business. we may be required in the future to record additional charges to earnings if our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets or other investments become impaired. any such charge would adversely impact our financial results.
in addition, the company's expansion strategies include collaborations and investments in joint ventures and companies developing new products related to the company's business. these strategies carry risks that objectives will not be achieved and future earnings will be adversely affected. for example, the company has an approximate 2% equity investment in publicly traded chemocentryx, inc. (nasdaq: ccxi) that is valued at $20.0 million as of june 30, 2021. the ownership of ccxi shares is very concentrated, the share price is highly volatile and there is limited trading of the shares.
16
strategic and operational risks our success will be dependent on recruiting and retaining highly qualified personnel and creating and maintaining a culture that includes the employees joining through acquisition.
recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, production, sales and marketing, and management personnel are critical to our success. our anticipated growth and its expected expansion into areas and activities requiring additional expertise will require the addition of new personnel and the development of additional expertise by existing personnel. in general, we have been experiencing turnover at higher rates than usual and have had some difficulties filling certain positions.  in particular, we operate in several geographic locations where competition for talent is strong, making employee retention even more challenging. for example, some of our fastest growing businesses are located in california and massachusetts, both of which generally have low unemployment and a competitive environment for finding and retaining talent. our growth by acquisition also creates challenges in retaining employees. as we integrate past and future acquisitions and evolve our corporate culture to incorporate the new workforces, some employees may not find such integration or cultural changes appealing. finally, as the geographies in which we operate recover from the recent pandemic and we return employees who had been working from home back to our sites, we may not be able to retain people who prefer continuing to work from home. the failure to attract and retain such personnel could adversely affect our business.
our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization of new and enhanced products and services that meet our customers' needs.  our growth can also be negatively impacted if our customers do not grow as anticipated.
we generally sell our products and services in industries that are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions and new market entrants and competitors. if we do not develop innovative new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis, our offerings will become obsolete over time and our business and financial statements will suffer. our success will depend on several factors, including our ability to:
●   correctly identify and or predict customer needs and preferences;

●   allocate our research funding to products with higher growth prospects;

●   anticipate and respond to our competitors' development of new products and technological innovations;

●   differentiate our offerings from our competitors' offerings and avoid our products becoming commodities;

●   innovate and develop new technologies and applications, and acquire or obtain rights to third-party technologies that may have valuable applications in the markets we serve;

●   obtain adequate intellectual property rights with respect to key technologies;

●   successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner, price them competitively and cost-effectively manufacture and deliver sufficient volumes of new products of appropriate quality on time;

●   obtain necessary regulatory approvals of appropriate scope (including with respect to certain diagnostic medical device products by demonstrating satisfactory clinical results where applicable, as well as achieving third-party reimbursement); and

●   stimulate customer demand for and convince customers to adopt new technologies.

if we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in research and development of products that do not lead to significant revenue, which would adversely affect our business and financial statements. even when we successfully innovate and develop new and enhanced products, we often incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer.
we face intense competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share or need to reduce prices to remain competitive.
we face intense competition across most of our product lines. competitors include companies ranging from start-up companies, which may be able to more quickly respond to customers' needs, to large multinational companies, which may have greater financial, marketing, operational, and research and development resources than us. in addition, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on us. moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. the entry into the market by manufacturers in china, india and other low-cost manufacturing locations is also creating increased pricing and competitive pressures, particularly in developing markets.  in order to compete effectively, we must retain longstanding relationships with major customers and continue to grow our business by establishing relationships with new customers, continually developing new products and services to maintain and expand our brand recognition and leadership position in various product and service categories and penetrating new markets, including high-growth markets. our ability to compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements (for example increased demand for more environmentally-friendly products and supplier practices).  our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our business and financial statements, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses.
17
a significant disruption in, or breach of security of, our information technology systems or data, or violation of data privacy laws, could result in damage to our reputation, data integrity and/or subject us to costs, fines, or lawsuits under data privacy or other laws or contractual requirements.
the integrity and protection of our own data, and that of our customers and employees, is critical to our business. we rely on information technology systems, some of which are provided and/or managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers, other business partners and patients), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities (such as receiving and fulfilling orders, billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers and fulfilling contractual obligations). these systems, products and services (including those we acquire through business acquisitions) can be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, human error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. attacks can also target hardware, software and information installed, stored or transmitted in our products after such products have been purchased and incorporated into third-party products, facilities or infrastructure. security breaches of systems provided or enabled by us, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to a vulnerability in our products or services, or security breaches of third party systems we rely on to process, store or transmit electronic information, can result in the misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, patients or suppliers. these attacks, breaches, misappropriations and other disruptions and damage can interrupt our operations or the operations of our customers and partners, delay production and shipments, result in theft of our and our customers' intellectual property and trade secrets, result in disclosure of personally identifiable information, damage customer, patient, business partner and employee relationships and our reputation and result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws and increased costs for security and remediation, in each case resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial statements.
in addition, our information technology systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving legal and regulatory standards, evolving customer expectations, changes in the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data and information systems, and the information technology needs associated with our changing products and services. there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully maintain, enhance and upgrade our systems as necessary to effectively address these requirements.
if we are unable to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements and prevent data breaches, we may suffer regulatory consequences in addition to business consequences. as a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. for example, in the united states, certain of our businesses are subject to hipaa.  entities that are found to be in violation of hipaa as the result of a breach of unsecured patient health information, a complaint about privacy practices or an audit by the hhs, may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations if required to enter into a resolution agreement and corrective action plan with hhs to settle allegations of hipaa non-compliance. individual states regulate data breach and security requirements and multiple governmental bodies assert authority over aspects of the protection of personal privacy. most notably, in the last several years, some states, including california and virginia, have passed broad privacy legislation that could result in more material impacts as implementing regulations are issued. european laws require us to have an approved legal mechanism to transfer personal data out of europe.  failure to comply with the requirements of gdpr and the applicable national data protection laws of the eu member states may result in fines of up to €20 million or up to 4% of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, and other administrative penalties. several other countries such as china and russia have passed, and other countries are considering passing, laws that require personal data relating to their citizens to be maintained on local servers and impose additional data transfer restrictions., government enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt the regular operation of our business, and data breaches or violations of data privacy laws can result in fines, reputational damage and civil lawsuits, any of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements.
if we suffer loss to our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems or information technology systems due to catastrophe or other events, our operations could be seriously harmed.
our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems and information technology systems are subject to catastrophic loss due to fire, flood, earthquake, hurricane, power shortage or outage, public health crisis (including epidemics and pandemics) and the reaction thereto, war, terrorism, riot or other natural or man-made disasters, such as the covid-19 pandemic. if any of these facilities, supply chains or systems were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in defective products or services, diminish demand, damage customer relationships and our reputation and result in legal exposure and significant repair or replacement expenses. the third-party insurance coverage that we maintain varies from time to time in both type and amount depending on cost, availability and our decisions regarding risk retention, and may be unavailable or insufficient to protect us against such losses.
18
the manufacture of many of our products is a complex process, and if we directly or indirectly encounter problems manufacturing products, our business and financial statements could suffer.
the manufacture of many of our products is a complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements for some of our products. problems can arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with reliable sourcing of raw materials or components, natural disasters and environmental factors, and if not discovered before the product is released to market can result in recalls and product liability exposure. because of the quality requirements of some of our customers as well as stringent regulations of the fda and similar agencies regarding the manufacture of certain of our products, alternative manufacturing or sourcing is not always available on a timely basis to replace such production capacity. any of these manufacturing problems could result in significant adverse impacts to our business and financial statements.
if we cannot adjust our manufacturing capacity or the purchases required for our manufacturing activities to reflect changes in market conditions and customer demand, our business and financial statements may suffer. in addition, our reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials, components and services can cause production interruptions, delays and inefficiencies.
we purchase materials, components and equipment from third parties for use in many of our manufacturing operations. our profitability could be adversely impacted if we are unable to adjust our purchases to reflect changes in customer demand and market fluctuations, including those caused by seasonality or cyclicality. during a market upturn, suppliers from time to time extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices. if we cannot purchase sufficient products at competitive prices and quality and on a timely enough basis to meet increasing demand, we may not be able to satisfy market demand, product shipments may be delayed, our costs may increase or we may breach our contractual commitments and incur liabilities. conversely, in order to secure supplies for the production of products, we sometimes enter into noncancelable purchase commitments with vendors, which can impact our ability to adjust our inventory to reflect declining market demands. if demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges and our business and financial statements may suffer.
in addition, some of our businesses purchase certain requirements from sole or limited source suppliers for reasons of quality assurance, regulatory requirements, cost effectiveness, availability or uniqueness of design. if these or other suppliers encounter financial, operating or other difficulties or if our relationship with them changes, we might not be able to quickly establish or qualify replacement sources of supply. the supply chains for our businesses can also be disrupted by supplier capacity constraints, bankruptcy or exiting of the business for other reasons, decreased availability of key raw materials or commodities and external events such as natural disasters, pandemic health issues, war, terrorist actions, governmental actions (such as trade protectionism) and legislative or regulatory changes. any of these factors can result in production interruptions, delays, extended lead times and inefficiencies. because we cannot always immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to changing market conditions, at times our manufacturing capacity exceeds or falls short of our production requirements. any or all of these problems can result in the loss of customers, provide an opportunity for competing products to gain market acceptance and otherwise adversely affect our business and financial statements.
the company relies heavily on internal manufacturing and related operations to produce, package and distribute its products which, if disrupted, could materially impair our business operations. our business could be adversely affected by disruptions at our sites.
the company's internal quality control, packaging and distribution operations support the majority of the company's sales. since certain company products must comply with fda regulations and because in all instances, the company creates value for its customers through the development of high-quality products, any significant decline in quality or disruption of operations for any reason could adversely affect sales and customer relationships, and therefore adversely affect the business. while we have taken certain steps to manage these operational risks, the company's future sales growth and earnings may be adversely affected by perceived disruption risks or actual disruptions.
we rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products, pending sale. any significant disruption of those operations for any reason, such as strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions, fire, hurricanes or other events beyond our control could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships and therefore adversely affect our business. we have significant operations in california, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. although most of our raw materials are available from a number of potential suppliers, our operations also depend upon our ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices. if we are unable to obtain the materials we need at a reasonable price, we may not be able to produce certain of our products or we may not be able to produce certain of these products at a marketable price, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
defects and unanticipated use or inadequate disclosure with respect to our products, or allegations thereof, can adversely affect our business and financial statements.
certain of our products and services are sold for use in diagnostics.  for those products and services in particular, manufacturing or design defects in, unanticipated use of, safety or quality issues (or the perception of such issues) with respect to, "off label" use of, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the use of products and services that we make or sell (including items that we source from third-parties) can lead to personal injury, death, and/or property damage and adversely affect our business and financial statements. these events can lead to recalls or safety alerts, result in the removal of a product or service from the market and result in product liability or similar claims being brought against us. recalls, removals and product liability and similar claims (regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome) result in significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products and services. our business can also be affected by studies of the utilization, safety and efficacy of medical device products and components that are conducted by industry participants, government agencies and others. any of the above can result in the discontinuation of marketing of such products in one or more countries and give rise to claims for damages from persons who believe they have been injured as a result of product issues, including claims by individuals or groups seeking to represent a class.
because we rely heavily on third-party package-delivery services, a significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices may disrupt our ability to ship products, increase our costs and lower our profitability.
most of our reagent products need to be stored and shipped at certain cold temperatures.  consequently, we ship a significant portion of our products to our customers by express mail or air delivery through package delivery companies, such as fedex in the u.s. and dhl in europe. if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to experience a major work stoppage, preventing our products from being delivered in a timely fashion or causing us to incur additional shipping costs we could not pass on to our customers, our costs could increase and our relationships with certain of our customers could be adversely affected. in addition, if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to increase prices, and we were not able to find comparable alternatives or make adjustments in our delivery network, our profitability could be adversely affected.
19
intellectual property risks we are dependent on maintaining our intellectual property rights. if we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, or if third parties infringe our intellectual property rights, we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights.
many of the markets we serve are technology-driven, and as a result intellectual property rights play a significant role in product development and differentiation. we own numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property and licenses to intellectual property owned by others, which in aggregate are important to our business. the intellectual property rights that we obtain, however, are not always sufficiently broad and do not always provide us a significant competitive advantage, and patents may not be issued for pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to us. in addition, the steps that we and our licensors have taken to maintain and protect our intellectual property do not always prevent it from being challenged, invalidated, circumvented, designed-around or becoming subject to compulsory licensing. in some circumstances, enforcement is not available to us because an infringer has a dominant intellectual property position or for other business reasons. we also rely on nondisclosure and noncompetition agreements with employees, consultants and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. there can be no assurance that these agreements adequately protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights and will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or other proprietary rights.
these risks are particularly pronounced in countries in which we do business that do not have levels of protection of corporate proprietary information, intellectual property, technology and other assets comparable to the united states. we operate globally, with manufacturing operations in china and the uk, and approximately 46% of our revenue from outside the united states.   the laws, regulations and enforcement mechanisms in other countries may in some cases be less protective of our intellectual property rights. our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights that convey competitive advantage, adequately protect our intellectual property or detect or prevent circumvention or unauthorized use of such property and the cost of enforcing our intellectual property rights can adversely impact our business and financial statements.
we may be involved in disputes to determine the scope, coverage and validity of others' proprietary rights, or to defend against third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, any of which could be time-intensive and costly and may adversely impact our business.
our success depends in part on its ability to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, and to obtain licenses where necessary or appropriate. we have obtained and continue to negotiate licenses to produce a number of products claimed to be owned by others. since we have not conducted a patent infringement study for each of our products, it is possible that some of our products may unintentionally infringe patents of third parties.
we have been and may in the future be sued by third parties alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. these lawsuits are expensive, take significant time, and divert management's focus from other business concerns. if we are found to be infringing the intellectual property of others, we could be required to cease certain activities, alter our products or processes or pay licensing fees. this could cause unexpected costs and delays which may have a material adverse effect on us. if we are unable to obtain a required license on acceptable terms, or unable to design around any third party patent, we may be unable to sell some of our products and services, which could result in reduced revenue. in addition, if we do not prevail, a court may find damages or award other remedies in favor of the opposing party in any of these suits, which may adversely affect our earnings.
20
financial and tax risks we have entered into and drawn on a revolving credit facility, and we may incur additional debt in the future.  the burden of this additional debt could adversely affect us, make us more vulnerable to adverse economic or industry conditions, and prevent us from funding our expansion strategy.
we currently have a credit agreement that provides for a revolving credit facility of $600 million, which can be increased by an additional $200 million subject to certain conditions, and a term loan of $250 million. borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at a variable rate. as of august 20, 2021, the company had drawn $335 million under the credit agreement.
the terms of the credit agreement and the burden of the indebtedness incurred thereunder could have negative consequences for us, such as:
●   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, expansion strategy, or other needs;

●   increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility in planning for, adverse changes in economic, industry and competitive conditions; and

●   increasing our vulnerability to increases in interest rates.

the credit agreement also contains negative covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. these covenants limit our ability to, among other things, sell, lease or transfer any properties or assets, with certain exceptions; and enter into certain merger, consolidation or other reorganization transactions, with certain exceptions.
a breach of any of these covenants could result in an event of default under our credit facility. upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lender could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under such facility to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. in addition, the company would be subject to additional restrictions if an event of default exists under the credit agreement, such as a prohibition on the payment of cash dividends.
our business and financial statements can be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our tax rates and tax liabilities and assessments (including as a result of changes in tax laws).
international markets contribute a substantial portion of our revenues, and we intend to continue expanding our presence in these regions. the exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates takes on different forms. international revenues and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our reported revenues and profitability when translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. these fluctuations could also adversely affect the demand for products and services provided by us. as a multinational corporation, our businesses occasionally invoice third-party customers in currencies other than the one in which they primarily do business (the "functional currency"). movements in the invoiced currency relative to the functional currency could adversely impact our cash flows and our results of operations. as our international sales grow, exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates could have a larger effect on our financial results. in fiscal 2021, currency translation had an unfavorable effect of $5.2 million on revenues due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies in which the company sells products and services.
as a global company, we are subject to taxation in numerous countries, states and other jurisdictions. in particular, we are affected by the impact of changes to tax laws or related authoritative interpretations in the united states, including tax reform under the tax cuts and jobs act which became effective in late 2017, which included broad and complex changes to the united states tax code. interpretations, assumptions and guidance regarding the tax act that have been issued subsequently have had a material impact on our effective tax rate, and we anticipate that there may be additional changes to the u.s. tax code under a new administration.
in preparing our financial statements, we record the amount of tax that is payable in each of the countries, states and other jurisdictions in which we operate. our future effective tax rate, however, may be lower or higher than experienced in the past due to numerous factors, including a change in the mix of our profitability from country to country, changes in accounting for income taxes and recently enacted and future changes in tax laws in jurisdictions in which we operate. any of these factors could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
dividends on our common stock could be reduced or eliminated in the future.
for many years, our board has declared quarterly dividends ranging from of $0.25 to $0.32 cents per share. in the future, our board may determine to reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in order to fund investments for growth, repurchase shares or conserve capital resources.
21
legal, regulatory, compliance and reputational risks our business is subject to extensive regulation; failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business and financial results.
as referenced in more detail above, we and our customers must comply with a wide array of federal, state, local and international regulations, in such areas as medical device, healthcare, import and export, anticorruption, and privacy. we develop, configure and market our products to meet customer needs created by those regulations. any significant change in regulations could reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. for example, many of our instruments are marketed to the pharmaceutical industry for use in discovering and developing drugs and diagnostic products. changes in the u.s. fda's regulation of drug or medical device products could have an adverse effect on the demand for these products.
we have agreements relating to the sale of our products to government entities in the u.s. and elsewhere and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government (less than 2% of our fiscal 2021 sales were made to the u.s. federal government). the laws governing government contracts differ from the laws governing private contracts and government contracts may contain pricing terms and conditions that are not applicable to private contracts. we are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. a failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment.
we are subject to various local, state, federal, foreign and transnational laws and regulations, which include the operating and security standards of the u.s. fda, the u.s. drug enforcement agency (the dea), the u.s. department of health and human services (the dhhs), and other comparable agencies and, in the future, any changes to such laws and regulations could adversely affect us. in particular, we are subject to laws and regulations concerning current good manufacturing practices. our subsidiaries may be required to register for permits and/or licenses with, and may be required to comply with the laws and regulations of, the dea, the fda, the dhhs, foreign agencies and/or comparable state agencies as well as certain accrediting bodies depending upon the type of operations and location of product distribution, manufacturing and sale. the manufacture, distribution and marketing of many of our products and services, including medical devices and pharma services, are subject to extensive ongoing regulation by the fda, the dea, and other equivalent local, state, federal and non-u.s. regulatory authorities. in addition, we are subject to inspections by these regulatory authorities. for example, the eu has adopted the in vitro diagnostic regulation (the "eu ivdr"), which imposes stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of in vitro diagnostic medical devices, including in the area of clinical evaluation requirements, quality systems and post-market surveillance.  manufacturers of currently approved in vitro diagnostics medical devices have until may 2022 to meet the eu ivdr. complying with eu ivdr, the regulation applicable to the company, requires material modifications to our quality management systems, additional resources in certain functions, updates to technical files and additional clinical data in some cases, among other changes. failure by us or by our customers to comply with the requirements of the eu ivdr, or other requirements imposed by these or similar regulatory authorities, including without limitation, remediating any inspectional observations to the satisfaction of these regulatory authorities, could result in warning letters, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil or criminal sanctions, or withdrawal of existing or denial of pending approvals, including those relating to products or facilities. in addition, such a failure could expose us to contractual or product liability claims, contractual claims from our customers, including claims for reimbursement for lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients, as well as ongoing remediation and increased compliance costs, any or all of which could be significant. we are the sole manufacturer of a number of products for many of our customers and a negative regulatory event could impact our customers' ability to provide products to their customers.
we are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the importation and exportation of products, the handling, transportation and manufacture of substances that could be classified as hazardous, and our business practices in the u.s. and abroad such as anti-competition laws. any noncompliance by us with applicable laws and regulations or the failure to maintain, renew or obtain necessary permits and licenses could result in criminal, civil and administrative penalties and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
significant developments or changes in u.s. laws or policies, including changes in u.s. trade policies and tariffs and the reaction of other countries thereto can have an adverse effect on our business and financial statements.
significant developments or changes in u.s. laws and policies (including as a result of the new u.s. administration), such as laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, and development and investment in the territories and countries where we or our customers operate, or governing the health care system and drug prices, can adversely affect our business and financial statements. for example, the previous u.s. administration increased tariffs on certain goods imported into the united states and trade tensions between the united states and china escalated, with each country imposing significant, additional tariffs on a wide range of goods imported from the other country. the u.s. and china could impose other types of restrictions such as limitations on government procurement or technology export restrictions, which could affect our access to markets. these factors have adversely affected, and in the future could further adversely affect, our business and financial statements.
our business and financial statements can be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners.
we cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems, including our code of ethics and business conduct, protect us from acts committed by employees, agents or business partners of ours (or of businesses we acquire or partner with) that violate u.s. and/or non-u.s. laws, including the laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, kickbacks and false claims, pricing, sales and marketing practices, conflicts of interest, competition, employment practices and workplace behavior, export and import compliance, economic and trade sanctions, money laundering and data privacy. in particular, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the uk bribery act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. any such improper actions or allegations of such acts could damage our reputation and subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the united states and in other jurisdictions and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and could cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory fees. in addition, the government may seek to hold us liable for violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. we also rely on our suppliers to adhere to our supplier code of conduct, and material violations of such code of conduct could occur that could have a material effect on our business and financial statements.
22
certain of our businesses are subject to extensive regulation by the u.s. fda and by comparable agencies of other countries, as well as laws regulating fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry and the privacy and security of health information. failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our business and financial statements.
certain of our products are medical devices, diagnostics tests and other products that are subject to regulation by the u.s. fda or state clia regulations, by other federal and state governmental agencies, by comparable agencies of other countries and regions and by regulations governing hazardous materials and drugs-of abuse (or the manufacture and sale of products containing any such materials). the global regulatory environment has become increasingly stringent and unpredictable. several countries that did not have regulatory requirements for medical devices have established such requirements in recent years, and other countries have expanded, or plan to expand, their existing regulations, including implementation of ivdr regulations in europe. failure to meet these requirements adversely impacts our business and financial statements in the applicable geographies.
government authorities may conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law. failure to obtain required regulatory clearances before marketing our products (or before implementing modifications to or promoting additional indications or uses of our products), other violations of laws or regulations, failure to remediate inspectional observations to the satisfaction of these regulatory authorities, real or perceived efficacy or safety concerns or trends of adverse events with respect to our products (even after obtaining clearance for distribution) and unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from existing or future clinical trials can lead to fda form 483 inspectional observations, warning letters, notices to customers, declining sales, loss of customers, loss of market share, remediation and increased compliance costs, recalls, seizures of adulterated or misbranded products, fines, expenses, injunctions, civil penalties, criminal penalties, consent decrees, administrative detentions, refusals to permit importations, partial or total shutdown of production facilities or the implementation of operating restrictions, narrowing of permitted uses for a product, refusal of the government to grant 510(k) clearance, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, pre-market notification rescissions and other adverse effects.  further, defending against any such actions can be costly and time-consuming and may require significant personnel resources. therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions brought against us, our business may be impaired. ensuring that our internal operations and business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable laws and regulations also involves substantial costs.
more specifically, as a healthcare provider, the company's exosome diagnostics' exodx prostate business is subject to extensive regulation at the federal, state, and local levels in the u.s. and other countries where it operates. the company's failure to meet governmental requirements under these regulations, including those relating to billing practices and financial relationships with physicians, hospitals, and health systems, could lead to civil and criminal penalties, exclusion from participation in medicare and medicaid, and possibly prohibitions or restrictions on the use of its laboratories. while the company believes that it is in material compliance with all statutory and regulatory requirements, there is a risk that government authorities might take a contrary position. such occurrences, regardless of their outcome, could damage the company's reputation and adversely affect important business relationships it has with third parties.
failure to comply with privacy and security laws and regulations could result in fines, penalties and damage to the company's reputation and have a material adverse effect upon the company's business, a risk that has been elevated with the acquisition of exosome diagnostics, whose laboratory testing service is a healthcare provider that obtains and uses protected health information.
if the company does not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to protecting the privacy and security of personal or health information, it could be subject to monetary fines, civil penalties or criminal sanctions. in the u.s., the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (hipaa) privacy and security regulations, including the expanded requirements under u.s. health information technology for economic and clinical health act (hitech), establish comprehensive standards with respect to the use and disclosure of protected health information (phi) by covered entities, in addition to setting standards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of phi. hipaa restricts the company's ability to use or disclose phi, without patient authorization, for purposes other than payment, treatment or healthcare operations (as defined by hipaa), except for disclosures for various public policy purposes and other permitted purposes outlined in the privacy regulations. if the laboratory operations for the company's business use or disclose phi improperly under these privacy regulations, they may incur significant fines and other penalties for wrongful use or disclosure of phi in violation of the privacy and security regulations, including potential civil and criminal fines and penalties.
23
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management discussion and analysis ("md&a") provides information that we believe is useful in understanding our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. we provide quantitative information about the material sales drivers including the effect of acquisitions and changes in foreign currency at the corporate and segment level. we also provide quantitative information about discrete tax items and other significant factors we believe are useful for understanding our results. the md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial information and related notes included in this form 10-k. this discussion contains various "non-gaap financial measures" and also contains various "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. we refer readers to the statements entitled "non-gaap financial measures" located at the end of this md&a and "forward-looking information and cautionary statements" and "risk factors" within items 1 and 1a of this form 10-k.
overview bio-techne develops, manufactures and sells life science reagents, instruments and services for the research and clinical diagnostic markets worldwide. with our deep product portfolio and application expertise, we sell integral components of scientific investigations into biological processes and molecular diagnostics, revealing the nature, diagnosis, etiology and progression of specific diseases. our products aid in drug discovery efforts and provide the means for accurate clinical tests and diagnoses.
during our fiscal year 2021, we operated with two operating segments - our protein sciences segment and our diagnostics and genomics segment. our protein sciences segment is a leading developer and manufacturer of high-quality purified proteins and reagent solutions, most notably cytokines and growth factors, antibodies, immunoassays, biologically active small molecule compounds, tissue culture reagents and t-cell activation technologies. this segment also includes protein analysis solutions that offer researchers efficient and streamlined options for automated western blot and multiplexed elisa workflow. our genomics and diagnostics segment develops and manufactures diagnostic products, including fda-regulated controls, calibrators, blood gas and clinical chemistry controls and other reagents for oem and clinical customers, as well as a portfolio of clinical molecular diagnostic oncology assays, including the exodx® prostate test (epi) for prostate cancer diagnosis. this segment also manufactures and sells advanced tissue-based in-situ hybridization assays (ish) for spatial genomics research and clinical use.
overall results operational update for fiscal 2021, consolidated net sales increased 26% as compared to fiscal 2020. organic growth was 22%, with currency translation and acquisitions having a 3% and 1% impact on revenue respectively. organic revenue growth was broad based and driven by accelerated momentum of the company's long-term growth strategy as well as customer site closures in the latter half of fiscal 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic.
for fiscal 2021, consolidated earnings, including non-controlling interest, decreased 39% compared to fiscal 2020. the decrease in earnings was primarily due to a non-operating loss of approximately $67.9 million on our chemocentryx investment, compared to a gain on investment of $137 million in the last fiscal year. after adjusting for acquisition related costs, intangibles amortization, stock-based compensation, restructuring costs, the loss on investment, certain income tax items in both years, and non-controlling interest, adjusted net earnings increased 52% in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020. adjusted earnings growth was driven by volume leverage, operational productivity, and product mix.
for fiscal 2020, consolidated net sales increased 4% as compared to fiscal 2019. organic growth was 4%, with currency translation and acquisitions having an immaterial impact on revenue. the company experienced broad-based organic revenue growth in most major geographic regions and end-markets prior to the onset of the covid-19 pandemic. this broad-based organic growth was partially offset by the negative impacts associated with the covid-19 pandemic experienced by the company in the latter half of fiscal year 2020.
for fiscal 2020, consolidated earnings, including non-controlling interest, increased 139% compared to fiscal 2019. the increase in earnings was primarily due to a non-operating gain of approximately $137 million on our chemocentryx investment and a gain of approximately $7 million on the settlement of the escrow balance associated with the exosome acquisition. after adjusting for acquisition related costs, stock-based compensation, and certain income tax items in both years, adjusted net earnings increased 2% in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. adjusted earnings growth was driven by volume leverage, which was partially offset by business impacts associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
27
covid-19 business update the global spread of covid-19 in the past 18 months has led to unprecedented restrictions on, and disruptions in, business and personal activities, including as a result of preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses, our communities and governments have taken and are taking to mitigate the spread of the virus and to manage its impact. while a number of vaccines developed in response to the pandemic appear to be effective in mitigating spread of the disease, we continue to actively monitor the pandemic on a global scale.  we have taken and intend to continue taking steps to identify and mitigate the adverse impacts on, and risks to, our business (including but not limited to our employees, customers, business partners, manufacturing capabilities and capacity, and supply and distribution channels) posed by the spread of covid-19 and the governmental and community responses thereto.
the company has responded to the pandemic by leveraging our deep product portfolio and scientific expertise to develop robust covid-19 product and service offerings providing critical support for both clinical care and therapeutic development. while our sales related to covid-19 specific products have been modest, fiscal 2021 growth benefited from the reopening of customer sites initially closed in the latter half of fiscal 2021 and our ongoing efforts to utilize our portfolio of products and services to enable solutions for this evolving pandemic.
we are unable to forecast the impact of covid-19 on future revenue given the uncertainty that some customer sites may close again due to increases in covid-19 cases occurring in their region and over the duration of the covid-19 pandemic, especially if current vaccines prove to be ineffective against new strains of the coronavirus that may develop over time. we anticipate a positive long-term outlook for sales growth resulting from expected future funding increases within life-science research in response to the current pandemic. similar to current periods, we anticipate the impact on eps to be similar to that of sales growth.
the company remains in a strong financial position with sufficient available cash as well as access to additional funding, if necessary, through our long-term debt agreement. we did not experience any material changes to our june 30, 2021 nor our june 30, 2020 balance sheet, resulting from covid-19 for items such as additional reserves or asset impairments resulting from the pandemic.
the company has remained fully operational as we abided by local covid-19 safety regulations across the world this past year. as the pandemic has eased, in most locations we will be returning all employees to on site work, although in certain instances we will continue to operate with appropriate safety measures, including staggered shifts, social distancing and hygiene best practices recommended by public health officials.  in addition, the company has taken and will continue to take additional steps to monitor and strengthen our supply chain to maintain an uninterrupted supply of our critical products and services.
28
results of operations net sales consolidated organic net sales exclude the impact of companies acquired during the first 12 months post-acquisition and the effect of the change from the prior year in exchange rates used to convert sales in foreign currencies (primarily the euro, british pound sterling, and chinese yuan) into u.s. dollars.
consolidated net sales growth was as follows:
year ended june 30,

2021            2020            2019
organic sales growth                             22   %           4   %           10    %
acquisitions sales growth                         1   %           0   %            2    %
impact of foreign currency fluctuations           3   %           0   %           (1   )%
consolidated net sales growth                    26   %           4   %           11    %
consolidated net sales by segment were as follows (in thousands):
year ended june 30,

2021                     2020                     2019
protein sciences                     $704,564                 $555,352                 $543,159
diagnostics and genomics              227,744                  184,549                  171,674
intersegment                           (1,276   )               (1,210   )                 (827   )
consolidated net sales               $931,032                 $738,691                 $714,006
in fiscal 2021, protein sciences segment net sales increased 27% compared to fiscal 2020. organic growth for the segment was 24% for the fiscal year, with foreign currency translation having a favorable impact of 3%, and acquisitions contributing an immaterial amount.
overall segment growth was driven by continued market acceptance of our portfolio of productivity enhancing solutions across end-markets and geographies combined with the reopening of customer sites that were closed in the latter half of fiscal 2020 due to covid-19.
in fiscal 2021, diagnostics and genomics segment net sales increased 23% compared to fiscal 2020. organic growth was 18% with acquisitions and foreign currency having a favorable impact of 4% and 1% impact on revenue, respectively.
overall segment revenue growth was broad based across product lines and geographies. rnascope products had an exceptional year in both the academia and bio-pharma end markets, while the exosome product line also provided year over year growth despite navigating limitations and/or customer avoidance of non-essential medical procedures throughout fiscal 2021 associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
in fiscal 2020, protein sciences segment net sales increased 2% compared to fiscal 2019. organic growth for the segment was 3% for the fiscal year, with foreign currency translation having an unfavorable impact of 1%, and acquisitions contributing an immaterial amount.
overall segment growth was driven by strong bio-pharma sales in north america and strong overall performance in china, which was partially offset by the disruption in research markets due to numerous customer site closures relating to the covid-19 pandemic that occurred in the second half of fiscal 2020.
in fiscal 2020, diagnostics and genomics segment net sales increased 8% compared to fiscal 2019. organic growth was 8% with acquisitions and foreign currency having an immaterial impact on revenue.
overall segment revenue growth was driven by strong performance in our exodx prostate test, rnascope, hematology, and assay development products lines prior to the onset of the covid-19 pandemic. the closure of academic site labs and limitation of non-essential medical procedures resulting from the covid-19 pandemic significantly impacted sales of our rnascope product line and our exodx prostate test, respectively, in the latter portion of the fiscal year. these negative sales impacts were partially offset through growth in supplying specialty diagnostic antibodies and other raw materials to covid-19 testing manufacturers.
29
gross margins consolidated gross margins were 68.0%, 65.4%, and 66.3% in fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019. consolidated gross margins were positively impacted as a result of broad based revenue growth and cost management. excluding the impact of acquired inventory sold, amortization of intangibles, and stock compensation expense, adjusted gross margins were 72.2%, 70.3%, and 71.5% in fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019 respectively. fiscal 2021 adjusted gross margin was positively impacted by volume leverage and product mix when compared to fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019.
a reconciliation of the reported consolidated gross margin percentages, adjusted for acquired inventory sold and intangible amortization included in cost of sales, is as follows:
year ended june 30,

2021              2020              2019
consolidated gross margin percentage                      68.0   %          65.4   %          66.3   %
identified adjustments:
costs recognized upon sale of acquired inventory           0.2   %             -   %           0.5   %
amortization of intangibles                                3.8   %           4.7   %           4.7   %
stock compensation expense - cogs                          0.2   %           0.2   %             -   %
non-gaap adjusted gross margin percentage                 72.2   %          70.3   %          71.5   %
fluctuations in adjusted gross margins, as a percentage of net sales, have primarily resulted from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and changes in product mix. we expect that, in the future, gross margins will continue to be impacted by the mix of our portfolio growing at different rates as well as future acquisitions.
management uses adjusted operating results to monitor and evaluate performance of the company's two segments. segment gross margins, as a percentage of net sales, were as follows:
year ended june 30,

2021              2020              2019
protein sciences                  76.0   %          75.0   %          76.8   %
diagnostics and genomics          60.5   %          55.6   %          54.4   %
the changes in the protein sciences segment's gross margin percentage for fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 and 2019 was primarily attributable to mix of product sales within the segment.
the increase in diagnostics and genomics in gross margin for fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 was primarily due to volume leverage. the increase in diagnostics and genomics in gross margin for fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 was primarily due to volume leverage, operational productivity, and revenue growth against a similar cost base in recent acquisitions.
30
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses increased $64.4 million (25%) in fiscal 2021 when compared to fiscal 2020. selling, general, and administrative expenses increased primarily due to investments made by the company to support volume growth within each of the segments as well as additional expenses related to the acquisition of asuragen, inc.
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $3.8 million (1%) in fiscal 2020 when compared to fiscal 2019. selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to a reduction in corporate expenses and a gain resulting from a settlement of amounts held in escrow from the exosomedx acquisition between the company and the former shareholders. these reductions to our selling, general, and administrative expenses were partially offset by an increase in expense within the segments.
consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses were composed of the following (in thousands):
year ended june 30,

2021                     2020                     2019
protein sciences                                                   $159,489                 $138,792                 $135,513
diagnostics and genomics                                             75,160                   65,407                   61,646
total segment expenses                                              234,649                  204,199                  197,159
amortization of intangibles                                          27,788                   26,358                   25,210
acquisition related expenses                                          7,097                      415                    2,282
gain on escrow litigation                                                 -                   (7,159   )                    -
restructuring costs                                                     142                       87                        -
stock-based compensation                                             50,200                   32,667                   33,057
corporate selling, general and administrative expenses                5,075                    4,016                    6,651
total selling, general and administrative expenses                 $324,951                 $260,583                 $264,359
research and development expenses research and development expenses increased $5.4 million (8%) and $2.8 million (4%) in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, as compared to prior year periods. the increase in research and development expenses in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 was primarily attributable to continued investment in future growth platforms of the company and recent acquisitions. the increase in research and development expenses in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 was primarily attributable to continued investment in future growth platforms of the company, recent acquisitions, and the development of new covid-19 products.
year ended june 30,

2021                   2020                   2019
protein sciences                                   $46,361                $43,022                $40,735
diagnostics and genomics                            24,242                 22,170                 21,678
total segment expenses                              70,603                 65,192                 62,413
unallocated corporate expenses                           -                      -                      -
total research and development expenses            $70,603                $65,192                $62,413
31
net interest income / (expense)
net interest income/(expense) for fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019 was $(13.5) million, $(18.6) million, and $(21.1) million, respectively. net interest expense in fiscal 2021 decreased when compared to fiscal 2020 due to a reduction in our average long-term debt, which coincided with a reduction in the notional amount on our variable interest derivative. net interest expense in fiscal 2020 decreased when compared to fiscal 2019 due to a reduction in our average long-term debt.
other non-operating expense, net other non-operating expense, net, consists of foreign currency transaction gains and losses, rental income, building expenses related to rental property and the company's gains and losses on investments as follows (in thousands):
year ended june 30,

2021                     2020                     2019
foreign currency gains (losses)                     $(6,650          )               $1,703           $(455            )
rental income                                                1,036                    1,140                    1,141
real estate taxes, depreciation and utilities               (1,845   )               (1,915   )               (1,897   )
gain (loss) on investment                                  (68,047   )              137,508                  (12,370   )
miscellaneous (expense) income                                (136   )                 (786   )       13
other non-operating income (expense), net           $(75,642         )             $137,650           $(13,568         )
during fiscal 2021, the company recognized losses of $67.9 million related to changes in fair value associated with changes in the stock price of our chemocentryx, inc. (ccxi) investment.
during fiscal 2020, the company recognized gains of $137.5 million related to changes in fair value associated with changes in the stock price of our chemocentryx, inc. (ccxi) investment.
during fiscal 2019, the company recognized losses of $16.1 million related to changes in fair value associated with changes in the stock price of our chemocentryx, inc. (ccxi) investment, which were partially offset by a $3.7 million gain realized upon acquisition from our historical investment in b-mogen.
income taxes income taxes for fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019 were at effective rates of 5.8%, 17.1%, and 14.2%, respectively, of consolidated earnings before income taxes. the change in the effective tax rate was driven by discrete tax items. the company's discrete tax benefits in fiscal 2021 primarily related to share-based compensation excess tax benefits of $28.1 million. the company's discrete tax benefits in fiscal 2020 primarily related to share-based compensation excess tax benefits of $17.7 million. the company's discrete tax benefits in fiscal 2019 primarily related to share-based compensation excess tax benefits of $7.2 million, $3.2 million related to deductible acquisition payments made to employees and third parties, and $2.0 million for tax refunds relating to certain state apportionments.
32
net earnings non-gaap adjusted consolidated net earnings and earnings per share are as follows (in thousands):
year ended june 30,

2021                    2020                      2019
earnings before taxes - gaap                                         $148,175                  $276,477                 $112,015
identified adjustments attributable to bio-techne:
costs recognized upon sale of acquired inventory                        1,565                         -                    3,739
amortization of intangibles                                            64,239                    60,865                   58,550
acquisition related expenses                                            7,489                       793                    2,656
gain on escrow settlement                                                   -                    (7,170   )                    -
restructuring costs                                                       142                        87                        -
stock-based compensation, inclusive of employer taxes                  51,846                    34,262                   33,057
realized (gain) loss on investments and other                          68,391                  (136,716   )               12,370
impact of non-controlling interest (pre-tax)                              680                         -                        -
earnings before taxes - adjusted                                     $342,527                  $228,598                 $222,387
non-gaap tax rate                                                        20.2   %                  21.6   %                 21.1   %
non-gaap tax expense                                                   69,334                    49,280                   46,931
non-gaap adjusted net earnings attributable to bio-techne            $273,193                   179,318                  175,456
earnings per share - diluted - adjusted                                  6.75                      4.55                     4.51
depending on the nature of discrete tax items, our reported tax rate may not be consistent on a period to period basis. the company independently calculates a non-gaap adjusted tax rate considering the impact of discrete items and jurisdictional mix of the identified non-gaap adjustments. the following table summarizes the reported gaap tax rate and the effective non-gaap adjusted tax rate for the periods ended june 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019.
year ended june 30,

2021                 2020                 2019
gaap effective tax rate                         5.8    %            17.1    %            14.2    %
discrete items                                 19.0                  7.0                 11.2
long-term gaap tax rate                        24.8    %            24.1    %            25.4
rate impact items stock based compensation                       (5.7   )%            (2.4   )%            (4.8   )%
acquisition costs                              (0.2    )             0.4                  0.5
change in fair value of investments             0.5                 (0.4    )               -
other                                           0.8                 (0.1    )               -
total rate impact items                        (4.6   )%            (2.5   )%            (4.3   )%
non-gaap tax rate                              20.2    %            21.6    %            21.1    %
refer to note 11 for additional discussion relating to the change in discrete tax items between fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020.
33
liquidity and capital resources cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale investments at june 30, 2021 were $231.6 million compared to $270.9 million at june 30, 2020. included in available-for-sale investments at june 30, 2021 and june 30, 2020 was the fair value of the company's investment in ccxi of $20.0 million and $87.8 million, respectively.
at june 30, 2021, approximately 12% of the company's cash and equivalent account balances of $199.1 million were located in the u.s., with the remainder located in primarily in canada, china, the u.k. and other european countries.
at june 30, 2021, approximately 61% of the company's available-for-sale investment account balances of $32.5 million were located in the u.s., with the remaining 39% in china.
the company has either paid u.s. taxes on its undistributed foreign earnings or intends to indefinitely reinvest the undistributed earnings in the foreign operations or expects the earnings will be remitted in a tax neutral transaction. management of the company expects to be able to meet its cash and working capital requirements for operations, facility expansion, capital additions, and cash dividends for the foreseeable future, and at least the next 12 months, through currently available funds, including funds available through our line-of-credit and cash generated from operations.
future acquisition strategies may or may not require additional borrowings under the line-of-credit facility or other outside sources of funding.
cash flows from operating activities the company generated cash from operations of $352.2 million, $205.2 million, and $181.6 million in fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019 respectively. the increase in cash generated from operating activities in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 was mainly a result of an increase in year over year operating income of $79.9 million and a $29.3 million benefit to operating cash from year-over-year changes in operating assets and liabilities as well as a non-cash stock-based compensation expense of $16.6 million. the increase in cash generated from operating activities in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 was mainly a result of higher gaap earnings and lower accounts receivable balances in fiscal 2020, which were partially offset by the gain on investments included within earnings.
cash flows from investing activities we continue to make investments in our business, including capital expenditures. the company acquired eminence biotechnology and asuragen, inc. during fiscal year 2021 for a total of approximately $225.4 million, net of cash acquired. the company did not make any acquisitions in fiscal 2020. net cash paid for acquisitions of quad, exosome, and b-mogen was $289.5 million in fiscal 2019.
the company's net proceeds (outflow) from the purchase, sale and maturity of available-for-sale investments in fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019 were $26.7 million, $76.9, and ($21.9 million) million, respectively. the decrease in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 was driven by the sale of a portion of the ccxi investment in fiscal year 2020, which did not reoccur in fiscal year 2021. the increase in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was driven by the sale of a portion of the company's investment in ccxi in fiscal 2020.the company's investment policy is to place excess cash in certificates of deposit with the objective of obtaining the highest possible return while minimizing risk and keeping the funds accessible.
capital additions in fiscal year 2021, 2020, and 2019 were $44.3 million, $51.7 million, and $25.4 million. fiscal 2021 capital expenditures related to investments in new buildings, in particular, the company's gmp manufacturing facility. capital additions planned for fiscal 2022 are approximately $68.4 million and are expected to be financed through currently available cash and cash generated from operations. increase in expected additions in fiscal 2022 is related to increasing capacity to meet expected sales growth across the company and reduced expenditures in the comparable period, fiscal year 2021, due to the covid-19 pandemic.
34
cash flows from financing activities in fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, the company paid cash dividends of $49.6 million, $48.9 million, $48.4 million, respectively. the board of directors periodically considers the payment of cash dividends.
the company received $65.1 million, $71.0 million, $38.0 million, for the exercise of options for 627,000, 743,000, 382,000 shares of common stock in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
during fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, the company repurchased $43.2 million, $50.1 million, and $15.4 million, respectively, in share repurchases included as a cash outflow within financing activities.
during fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, the company drew $256.0 million, $40.0 million, and $580.0 million, respectively, under its revolving line-of-credit facility. repayments of $271.5 million, $188.5 million, and $413.5 million were made on its line-of-credit in fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
during fiscal 2021, there were no payments related to contingent consideration classified as financing activities. the company made $0.3 million in contingent consideration payments, which were classified within operating activities. during fiscal 2020, the company made $4.4 million ($4 million for quad and $0.4 million for b-mogen) in cash payments towards the quad, exosome, and b-mogen contingent consideration liabilities. of the $4.4 million in total payments, $3.4 million is classified as financing on the statement of cash flows. the remaining $1 million is recorded as operating on the statement of cash flows as it represents the consideration liability that exceeds the amount of the contingent consideration liability recognized at the acquisition date. during fiscal 2019, the company made no cash payments towards the quad, exosome, and b-mogen contingent consideration liabilities.
during fiscal 2021 and 2020, the company paid $19.3 million and $3.8 million, respectively, for net share settlements. during fiscal 2019, other financial activities includes payments for net share settlements as well as the final payment of $1.4 million related to eurocell. this is included as a cash outflow within the other financing activities line of the consolidated statements of cash flows.
35
critical accounting policies management's discussion and analysis of the company's financial condition and results of operations are based upon the company's consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (u.s. gaap). the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates. management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
the company has identified the policies outlined below as critical to its business operations and an understanding of results of operations. the listing is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all accounting policies; investors should also refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
business combinations we allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of the acquisition. the calculations used to determine the fair value of the long-lived assets acquired, primarily intangible assets, can be complex and require significant judgment. we weigh many factors when completing these estimates including, but not limited to, the nature of the acquired company's business; its competitive position, strengths, and challenges; its historical financial position and performance; estimated customer retention rates; discount rates; and future plans for the combined entity. we may also engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value calculations for significant acquired long-lived assets.
the fair value of acquired technology is generally the primary asset identified and therefore estimated using the multi-period excess earnings method. the multi-period excess earnings method model estimates revenues and cash flows derived from the primary asset and then deducts portions of the cash flow that can be attributed to supporting assets, such as trade names and in-process research and development, that contributed to the generation of the cash flows. the resulting cash flow, which is attributable solely to the primary asset acquired, is then discounted at a rate of return commensurate with the risk of the asset to calculate a present value. the trade name is generally calculated using the relief from royalty method, which calculates the cost savings associated with owning rather than licensing the technology. assumed royalty rates are applied to the projected revenues for the remaining useful life of the technology to estimate the royalty savings. in-process research and development assets are valued using the multi-period excess earnings method when the cash flows from the in-process research and development assets are separately identifiable from the primary asset. in circumstances that customer relationship assets are identified that are not the primary asset, they are valued using the distributor model income approach, which isolates revenues and cash flow associated with the sales and distribution function of the entity and attributable to customer-related assets, which are then discounted at a rate of return commensurate with the risk of the asset to calculate a present value.
we estimate the fair value of liabilities for contingent consideration by discounting to present value the probability weighted contingent payments expected to be made. for potential payments related to financial performance based milestones, projected revenue and/or ebitda amounts, volatility and discount rates assumptions are included in the estimated amounts. for potential payments related to product development milestones, the fair value is based on the probability of achievement of such milestones. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to impairment testing on at least an annual basis.
we are also required to estimate the useful lives of the acquired intangible assets, which determines the amount of acquisition-related amortization expense we will record in future periods. each reporting period, we evaluate the remaining useful lives of our amortizable intangibles to determine whether events or circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization.
while we use our best estimates and assumptions, our fair value estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. any adjustments required after the measurement period are recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings.
the judgments required in determining the estimated fair values and expected useful lives assigned to each class of assets and liabilities acquired can significantly affect net income. for example, different classes of assets will have useful lives that differ. consequently, to the extent a longer-lived asset is ascribed greater value than a shorter-lived asset, net income in a given period may be higher. additionally, assigning a lower value to amortizable intangibles would result in a higher amount assigned to goodwill. as goodwill is not amortized, this would benefit net income in a given period, although goodwill is subject to annual impairment analysis.
36
impairment of goodwill goodwill goodwill was $843.1 million as of june 30, 2021, which represented 37.3% of total assets. goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that could indicate a possible impairment.
to analyze goodwill for impairment, we must assign our goodwill to individual reporting units. identification of reporting units includes an analysis of the components that comprise each of our operating segments, which considers, among other things, the manner in which we operate our business and the availability of discrete financial information. components of an operating segment are aggregated to form one reporting unit if the components have similar economic characteristics. we periodically review our reporting units to ensure that they continue to reflect the manner in which we operate our business.
there has been no impairment of goodwill since the adoption of financial accounting standards board ("fasb") asc 350 guidance for goodwill and other intangibles on july 1, 2002.
2021 goodwill impairment analyses in completing our 2021 annual goodwill impairment analyses, we elected to perform a quantitative assessment for each of our five reporting units. a quantitative assessment involves comparing the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, to its estimated fair value. carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of the reporting unit, which often requires the allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. in accordance with asu 2017-04, a goodwill impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit. in determining the fair values of our reporting units, we utilized the income approach. the income approach is a valuation technique under which we estimated future cash flows using the reporting unit's financial forecast from the perspective of an unrelated market participant. using historical trending and internal forecasting techniques, we projected revenue and applied our fixed and variable cost experience rates to the projected revenue to arrive at the future cash flows. a terminal value was then applied to the projected cash flow stream. future estimated cash flows were discounted to their present value to calculate the estimated fair value. the discount rate used was the value-weighted average of our estimated cost of capital derived using both known and estimated customary market metrics. in determining the estimated fair value of a reporting unit, we were required to estimate a number of factors, including projected operating results, terminal growth rates, economic conditions, anticipated future cash flows, the discount rate and the allocation of shared or corporate items.
because our 2021 quantitative analyses included all of our reporting units, the summation of our reporting units' fair values, as indicated by our discounted cash flow calculations, were compared to our consolidated fair value, as indicated by our market capitalization, to evaluate the reasonableness of our calculations. this impairment assessment is sensitive to changes in forecasted cash flows, as well as our selected discount rate. changes in the reporting unit's results, forecast assumptions and estimates could materially affect the estimation of the fair value of the reporting units.
the quantitative assessment completed as of april 1, 2021 indicated that all of the reporting units had a substantial amount of headroom. accordingly, the company determined there was no indication of impairment of goodwill in our annual goodwill impairment analysis. further, no triggering events were identified in the year ended june 30, 2021 that would require an additional goodwill impairment assessment beyond our required annual goodwill impairment assessment.
2020 goodwill impairment analyses in completing our 2020 annual goodwill impairment analyses, we elected to perform a quantitative assessment for all of our reporting units. a quantitative assessment involves comparing the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, to its estimated fair value. carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of the reporting unit, which often requires the allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. in accordance with asu 2017-04, a goodwill impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit. in determining the fair values of our reporting units, we utilized the income approach. the income approach is a valuation technique under which we estimated future cash flows using the reporting unit's financial forecast from the perspective of an unrelated market participant. using historical trending and internal forecasting techniques, we projected revenue and applied our fixed and variable cost experience rates to the projected revenue to arrive at the future cash flows. a terminal value was then applied to the projected cash flow stream. future estimated cash flows were discounted to their present value to calculate the estimated fair value. the discount rate used was the value-weighted average of our estimated cost of capital derived using both known and estimated customary market metrics. in determining the estimated fair value of a reporting unit, we were required to estimate a number of factors, including projected operating results, terminal growth rates, economic conditions, anticipated future cash flows, the discount rate and the allocation of shared or corporate items.
because our 2020 quantitative analyses included all of our reporting units, the summation of our reporting units' fair values, as indicated by our discounted cash flow calculations, were compared to our consolidated fair value, as indicated by our market capitalization, to evaluate the reasonableness of our calculations. this impairment assessment is sensitive to changes in forecasted cash flows, as well as our selected discount rate. changes in the reporting unit's results, forecast assumptions and estimates could materially affect the estimation of the fair value of the reporting units.
the quantitative assessment completed as of april 1, 2020 indicated that all of the reporting units had a substantial amount of headroom. accordingly, the company determined there was no indication of impairment of goodwill in our annual goodwill impairment analysis. further, no triggering events were identified in the year ended june 30, 2020 that would require an additional goodwill impairment assessment beyond our required annual goodwill impairment assessment.
2019 goodwill impairment analyses at the beginning of the quarter ended march 31, 2019, the company realigned the management of certain business processes between reporting units within the same segment. a goodwill allocation was performed between the impacted reporting units based on the relative fair value of the processes realigned. in conjunction with the realignment, a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment was performed both prior to and subsequent to the realignment. the quantitative impairment assessments performed utilized a consistent process with our fiscal 2021 quantitative goodwill impairment assessment described above. the quantitative assessment indicated that all of the impacted reporting units had substantial headroom both prior to and subsequent to the realignment. this impairment assessment performed was sensitive to changes in forecasted cash flows, as well as our selected discount rate. changes in the reporting unit's results, forecast assumptions and estimates could materially affect the estimation of the fair value of the reporting units.
in conducting our annual goodwill impairment test as of april 1, 2019, we elected to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether changes in events or circumstances since our most recent quantitative test for goodwill impairment indicated that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. based on its annual analysis, the company determined there was no indication of impairment of goodwill.
37
new accounting pronouncements information regarding the accounting policies adopted during fiscal 2021 and those not yet adopted can be found under caption "note 1: description of business and summary of significant accounting policies" of the notes to the consolidated financial statements appear in item 8 of this report.
subsequent events none non-gaap financial measures this annual report on form 10-k, including "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in item 7, contains financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. (gaap). these non-gaap measures include:
●          organic growth

●   adjusted gross margin
●   adjusted operating margin
●   adjusted net earnings
●   adjusted effective tax rate we provide these measures as additional information regarding our operating results. we use these non-gaap measures internally to evaluate our performance and in making financial and operational decisions, including with respect to incentive compensation. we believe that our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency with respect to our results of operations and that these measures are useful for period-to-period comparison of results.
our non-gaap financial measure of organic growth represents revenue growth excluding revenue from acquisitions within the preceeding 12 months as well as the impact of foreign currency. excluding these measures provides more useful period-to-period comparison of revenue results as it excludes the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, which can vary significantly from period to period, and revenue from acquisitions that would not be included in the comparable prior period.
our non-gaap financial measures for adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating margin, and adjusted net earnings, in total and on a per share basis, exclude stock-based compensation, the costs recognized upon the sale of acquired inventory, amortization of acquisition intangibles, acquisition related expenses inclusive of the changes in fair value of contingent consideration, and other non-recurring items including non-recurring costs and gains. stock-based compensation is excluded from non-gaap adjusted net earnings because of the nature of this charge, specifically the varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions, variety of award types, and unpredictability of amount and timing of employer related tax obligations. the company excludes amortization of purchased intangible assets, purchase accounting adjustments, including costs recognized upon the sale of acquired inventory and acquisition-related expenses inclusive of the changes in fair value contingent consideration, and other non-recurring items including gains or losses on legal settlements and one-time assessments from this measure because they occur as a result of specific events, and are not reflective of our internal investments, the costs of developing, producing, supporting and selling our products, and the other ongoing costs to support our operating structure. additionally, these amounts can vary significantly from period to period based on current activity.
the company's non-gaap adjusted operating margin and adjusted net earnings, in total and on a per share basis, also excludes stock-based compensation expense, which is inclusive of the employer portion of payroll taxes on those stock awards, restructuring, impairments of equity method investments, gain and losses from investments, and certain adjustments to income tax expense. impairments of equity investments are excluded as they are not part of our day-to-day operating decisions. additionally, gains and losses from other investments that are either isolated or cannot be expected to occur again with any predictability are excluded.   costs related to restructuring activities, including reducing overhead and consolidating facilities, are excluded because we believe they are not indicative of our normal operating costs. the company independently calculates a non-gaap adjusted tax rate to be applied to the identified non-gaap adjustments considering the impact of discrete items on these adjustments and the jurisdictional mix of the adjustments. in addition, the tax impact of other discrete and non-recurring charges which impact our reported gaap tax rate are adjusted from net earnings. we believe these tax items can significantly affect the period-over-period assessment of operating results and not necessarily reflect costs and/or income associated with historical trends and future results.
the company periodically reassesses the components of our non-gaap adjustments for changes in how we evaluate our performance, changes in how we make financial and operational decisions, and considers the use of these measures by our competitors and peers to ensure the adjustments are still relevant and meaningful.
readers are encouraged to review the reconciliations of the adjusted financial measures used in management's discussion and analysis of the financial condition of the company to their most directly comparable gaap financial measures provided within the company's consolidated financial statements.
38
