item 1a.    risk factors.
an investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. investors evaluating our company should carefully consider the factors described below and all other information contained in this annual report. any of the following factors could materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. additional factors and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial could also harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. this section should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes and management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in this annual report. we may make forward-looking statements from time to time, both written and oral. we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements. our actual results may differ materially from those projected in any such forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report.
risks associated with our business, including our software products cyber-attacks and security vulnerabilities can disrupt our business and harm our competitive position.
threats to it security can take a variety of forms. individuals and groups of hackers, and sophisticated organizations including state-sponsored organizations, may take steps that pose threats to our clients and our it. they may, for example, develop and deploy malicious software to attack our products and services and/or gain access to our networks and data centers or act in a coordinated manner to launch distributed denial of service or other coordinated attacks. cyber threats are constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. cyber threats can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across our internal networks and systems and those of our partners and clients. breaches of our network or data security could disrupt the security of our internal systems and business applications, impair our ability to provide services to our clients and protect the privacy of their data, result in product development delays, compromise confidential or technical business information harming our competitive position, result in theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, require us to allocate more resources to improve technologies, or otherwise adversely affect our business. our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these evolving threats. despite the network and application security, internal control measures, and physical security procedures we employ to safeguard our systems, we may still be vulnerable to a security breach, intrusion, loss or theft of confidential client data and transaction data or proprietary company information, which may harm our business, reputation and future financial results. the lost revenue and containment, remediation, investigation, legal and other costs could be significant and may exceed our insurance policy limits or may not be covered by insurance at all. further, we may be subject to regulatory enforcement actions and litigation that could result in financial judgments or the payment of settlement amounts, and disputes with insurance carriers concerning coverage.
in september 2020, we filed a current report on form 8-k reporting a security incident (the "incident") involving ransomware disrupting access to some of our internal it systems and telephone systems. we promptly notified our clients of the incident and provided timely updates to our clients through direct communications and updates to our website. there is no evidence that the environments where we host client applications were affected, and our hosting services to those clients were not interrupted. there was also no evidence of malicious activity on client networks associated with the incident. we contained the incident and recovered from it, resuming normal operations with our clients. we deployed supplemental remediation efforts as necessary and cooperated with law enforcement's investigation.
although we completed our investigation into the incident and believe we contained and recovered from the incident, we are subject to risk and uncertainties as a result of the incident. there can be no assurance as to what the ongoing impact of the incident will be, if any. we maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage in an amount that we believe is adequate.
disclosure of personally identifiable information and/or other sensitive client data could result in liability and harm our reputation.
we store and process increasingly large amounts of personally identifiable information and other confidential information of our clients. the continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of an external environment increasingly hostile to information security. despite our efforts to improve security controls, it is possible our security controls over personal data, our training of employees on data security, and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure of sensitive client data that we store and manage. disclosure of personally identifiable information and/or other sensitive client data could result in liability and harm our reputation.
we depend on third parties with whom we engage or collaborate for certain projects, deliverables, and/or financial transaction processes. if these parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us or we are unable to maintain these relationships, our operating results and business prospects could be adversely affected.
to satisfy our obligations under client contracts, we often engage third parties to provide certain deliverables or fulfill certain requirements. we may also use third parties to ensure that our services and solutions integrate with the software, systems, or infrastructure requirements of other vendors and service providers. our ability to serve our clients and deliver our solutions in a timely manner depends on our ability to retain and maintain relationships with third-party vendors and service providers and the ability of these third parties to meet their obligations in a timely manner, as well as on our effective oversight of their performance. if any third party fails to perform on a timely basis the agreed-upon services, our ability to fulfill our obligations may be jeopardized. third-party performance deficiencies could result in breaches of our obligations with respect to, or the termination for default of, one or more of our client contracts. a breach or termination for default could expose us to liability for damages and have an adverse effect on our business prospects, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition and our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. a global economic slowdown, the covid-19 pandemic, or similar circumstances could also adversely affect the businesses of our third-party providers, hindering their ability to provide the services on which we rely. our agreements with third parties typically are non-exclusive and do not prohibit them from working with our competitors. if we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these third parties, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenues could be impaired and our business, operating results or financial condition could be adversely affected.
in addition, we may act as subcontractor to a third-party prime contractor to secure new projects. subcontracting arrangements where we are not the prime contractor pose unique risks to us because we may not have control over the customer relationship, and our ability to generate revenue under such subcontracts may depend on the prime contractor, its performance and relationship with the customer, and its relationship with us. we could suffer losses in the event a prime contract under which we serve as a subcontractor is terminated, whether for non-performance by the prime contractor or otherwise. upon a termination of the prime contract, our subcontract would similarly terminate, and the resulting contract loss could have an adverse effect on our business prospects, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition and our ability to compete for future contracts and orders.
we rely on third-party providers-including amazon web services-for hosting services and other technology-related services needed to deliver certain of our cloud solutions. any disruption in the services provided by such third-party providers could adversely affect our business and subject us to liability.
a material portion of our business is provided through software hosting services, which are sometimes hosted from and use computing infrastructure provided by third parties, including amazon web services. these hosting services depend on the uninterrupted operation of data centers and the ability to protect computer equipment and information stored in these data centers against damage that may be caused by natural disaster, fire, power loss, telecommunications or internet failure, acts of terrorism, unauthorized intrusion, computer viruses, and other similar damaging events. if any of our data centers were to become inoperable for an extended period, we might be unable to fulfill our contractual commitments. although we take what we believe to be reasonable precautions against such occurrences, we can give no assurance that damaging events such as these will not result in a prolonged interruption of our services, which could result in client dissatisfaction, loss of revenue, and damage to our business.
third-party hosting service providers have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. if we are unable to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, we may be required to transition to a new provider and we may incur significant costs and possible service interruption in connection with doing so. in addition, such service providers could decide to close their facilities or change or suspend their service offerings without adequate notice to us. moreover, any financial difficulties, such as bankruptcy, faced by such service providers may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. because we cannot easily switch third-party hosting service providers, any disruption with respect to our current providers would impact our operations and our business could be adversely impacted. problems faced by our hosting service providers could adversely affect the experience of our customers. for example, amazon web services has experienced significant service outages in the past and may do so again in the future. in addition, the ongoing covid-19 pandemic has disrupted and may continue to disrupt the supply chain of hardware needed to maintain these third-party systems or to run our business.
material portions of our business require the internet infrastructure to be reliable.
part of our future success continues to depend on the use of the internet as a means to access public information and perform transactions electronically, including, for example, electronic filing of court documents. this in part requires ongoing maintenance of the internet infrastructure, especially to prevent interruptions in service, as well as additional development of that infrastructure. this requires a reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity, security, and timely development of complementary products for providing reliable internet access and services. if this infrastructure fails to be sufficiently developed or be adequately maintained, our business would be harmed because users may not be able to access our government portals.
we employ third-party licensed software and software components for use in or with our solutions, and the inability to maintain these licenses or the presence of errors or security vulnerabilities in the software we license could limit the functionality of our products and result in increased costs or reduced service levels, which would adversely affect our business.
we incorporate and include third-party software into and with certain of our products and solutions. we also use third-party software and tools in certain areas of the development process for our solutions. we anticipate that we will continue to rely on such third-party software and development tools in the future. in addition, there can be no assurance that these third parties will continue to make their software or tools available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, not make their products available to our competitors on more favorable terms, invest the appropriate levels of resources in their products and services to maintain and enhance the capabilities of their software, or remain in business. any impairment in our relationship with these third parties or our ability to license or otherwise use their software or tools could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. although we believe that there are commercially reasonable alternatives to the third-party software and tools we currently license, this may not always be the case, or they may be difficult, time-consuming, or costly to replace. in addition, although we maintain a supplier security evaluation process, if the third-party software or tools we use has or have errors, security vulnerabilities, or otherwise malfunctions, the functionality of our solutions may be negatively impacted, our customers may experience reduced service levels, and our business may suffer.
certain of our solutions utilize open source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could adversely affect our business.
certain of our solutions include software covered by open source licenses. the terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by u.s. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market our solutions. it is possible under the terms of certain open source licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, that we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software and make our proprietary software available under open source licenses. in the event that portions of our proprietary software are determined to be subject to an open source license, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our source code, re-engineer all or a portion of our solutions, or otherwise be limited in the licensing of our solutions, each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our solutions. in addition to risks related to license requirements, use of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of the software. many of the risks associated with the use of open source software cannot be eliminated and could adversely affect our business.
we run the risk of errors or defects with new products or enhancements to existing products.
our software products are complex and may contain errors or defects, especially when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. any such defects could result in a loss of revenues or delay market acceptance. our license agreements typically contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to potential liability. however, it is possible we may not always successfully negotiate such provisions in our client contracts or the limitation of liability provisions may not be effective due to existing or future federal, state, or local laws, ordinances, or judicial decisions. although we maintain errors and omissions and general liability insurance, and we try to structure contracts to limit liability, we cannot assure you that a successful claim could not be made or would not have a material adverse effect on our future operating results.
we must timely respond to technological changes to be competitive.
the market for our products is characterized by technological change, evolving industry standards in software technology, changes in client requirements, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. the introduction of products embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards can render existing products obsolete and unmarketable. as a result, our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to enhance existing products and develop and introduce new products that keep pace with technological developments, satisfy increasingly sophisticated client requirements, and achieve market acceptance. we cannot assure you that we will successfully identify new product opportunities and develop and bring new products to market in a timely and cost-effective manner. the products, capabilities, or technologies developed by others could also render our products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to develop or acquire new software products or develop enhancements to existing products on a timely and cost-effective basis, or if such new products or enhancements do not achieve market acceptance.
we may be unable to protect our proprietary rights.
many of our product and service offerings incorporate proprietary information, trade secrets, know-how, and other intellectual property rights. we rely on a combination of contracts, copyrights, and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights in our technology. we cannot be certain that we have taken all appropriate steps to deter misappropriation of our intellectual property. there has also been an apparent evolution in the legal standards and regulations courts and the u.s. patent office may apply in favorably evaluating software patent rights. we are not currently involved in any material intellectual property litigation; however, we may be a party to such litigation in the future to protect our proprietary information, trade secrets, know-how, and other intellectual property rights. we cannot assure you that third parties will not assert infringement or misappropriation claims against us with respect to current or future products. any claims or litigation, with or without merit, could be time-consuming, costly, and a diversion to management. any such claims and litigation could also cause product shipment delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing arrangements. such royalty or licensing arrangements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. therefore, litigation to defend and enforce our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, regardless of the final outcome of such litigation.
clients may elect to terminate our maintenance contracts and manage operations internally.
it is possible that our clients may elect to not renew maintenance contracts for our software, trying instead to maintain and operate the software themselves using their perpetual license rights (excluding software applications that we provide on a hosted or cloud basis). alternatively, clients may elect to drop maintenance on certain modules that they ultimately decide not to use. this could adversely affect our revenues and profits. additionally, they may inadvertently allow our intellectual property or other information to fall into the hands of third parties, including our competitors, which could adversely affect our business.
risks associated with selling products and services into the public sector marketplace selling products and services into the public sector poses unique challenges.
we derive substantially all of our revenues from sales of software and services to state, county, and city governments, other federal or municipal agencies, and other public entities. we expect that sales to public sector clients will continue to account for substantially all of our revenues in the future. we face many risks and challenges associated with contracting with governmental entities, including:
•resource limitations caused by budgetary constraints, which may provide for a termination of executed contracts due to a lack of future funding
•long and complex sales cycles
•contract payments at times being subject to achieving implementation milestones, and we may have differences with clients as to whether milestones have been achieved
•political resistance to the concept of contracting with third parties to provide it solutions
•legislative changes affecting a local government's authority to contract with third parties
•varying bid procedures and internal processes for bid acceptance
•various other political factors, including changes in governmental administrations and personnel each of these risks is outside our control. if we fail to adequately adapt to these risks and uncertainties, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
covid-19 may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we expect that the continued global spread of covid-19 may negatively impact our business and financial results in fiscal year 2022. as the virus continues to spread, it has resulted in authorities implementing ongoing measures to contain the virus, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, and business limitations and shutdowns. while we are unable to accurately predict the full impact that covid-19 will continue to have on our results from operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows due to numerous uncertainties, including the duration and severity of the pandemic and containment measures and associated compliance, we do expect the pandemic may negatively impact our revenues and other financial results.
because an increasing portion of our revenues are recurring, the effect of covid-19 on our results of operations may also not be fully reflected for some time. we may see some more immediate impact on our business should there be new delays in government procurement processes and uncertainty around public sector budgets, or new delays in implementations caused by travel restrictions, closed offices, or clients shifting focus to more pressing issues.
appraisal and software implementations projects may be delayed if clients put projects on hold or slow projects by extending go-live dates. while we have the ability to deliver most of our professional services remotely, some of our professional services, including appraisal assessments, are more effective when performed on-site, and certain clients may continue to insist on on-site services in any event. in addition, our delivery of some professional services requires the availability of client personnel. there may be a negative impact on our revenues if we are unable to deliver these services. also, we expect software licenses and subscriptions revenues to be negatively affected if there are delays in procurement processes. some clients could request changes to payment terms, negatively impacting the timing of collections of accounts receivables in future periods. for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, 79% of our total revenue and earnings are relatively predictable as a result of our subscription and maintenance revenue, which is recurring in nature; thus the effect of the covid-19 pandemic may not be fully reflected in our results of operations and overall financial performance until future periods.
we have historically evaluated goodwill for impairment annually as of april 1, or more frequently if impairment indicators arose. during the second quarter 2021, we voluntarily changed the date of our annual assessment of goodwill to october 1 for all reporting units. the change in testing date for goodwill impairment is a change in accounting principle, which management believes is preferable as the new date of the assessment better aligns with our annual planning process. subsequent to our annual goodwill impairment analysis, we monitor for any events or changes in circumstances, such as significant adverse changes in business climate or operating results, changes in management's business strategy, an inability to successfully introduce new products in the marketplace, an inability to successfully achieve internal forecasts or significant declines in our stock price, which may represent an indicator of impairment. the occurrence of any of these events, which could be caused or impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, may require us to record future goodwill impairment charges.
a prolonged economic slowdown could harm our operations.
a prolonged economic slowdown or recession could reduce demand for our software products and services. governments may face financial pressures that could in turn affect our growth rate and profitability in the future. there is no assurance that government spending levels will be unaffected by declining or stagnant general economic conditions, and if budget shortfalls occur, they may negatively impact government it spending and could adversely affect our business.
the open bidding process creates uncertainty in predicting future contract awards.
many governmental agencies purchase products and services through an open bidding process. generally, a governmental entity will publish an established list of requirements requesting potential vendors to propose solutions for the established requirements. to respond successfully to these requests for proposals, we must accurately estimate our cost structure for servicing a proposed contract, the time required to establish operations for the proposed client, and the likely terms of any other third-party proposals submitted. we cannot guarantee that we will win any bids in the future through the request for proposal process, or that any winning bids will ultimately result in contracts on favorable terms. our failure to secure contracts through the open bidding process, or to secure such contracts on favorable terms, may adversely affect our revenue and gross margins.
we face significant competition from other vendors and potential new entrants into our markets.
we believe we are a leading provider of integrated solutions for the public sector. however, we face competition from a variety of software vendors that offer products and services similar to those offered by us, as well as from companies offering to develop custom software. we compete based on a number of factors, including:
•the attractiveness of our "evergreen" business model
•the breadth, depth, and quality of our product and service offerings
•the ability to modify our offerings to accommodate particular clients' needs
•technological innovation
•name recognition, reputation and references
•price
•our financial strength and stability our market is highly fragmented with a large number of competitors that vary in size, product platform, and product scope. our competitors include consulting firms, publicly held companies that focus on selected segments of the public sector market, and a significant number of smaller, privately held companies. certain competitors have greater technical, marketing, and financial resources than we do. we cannot assure you that such competitors will not develop products or offer services that are superior to our products or services or that achieve greater market acceptance.
we also compete with internal, centralized it departments of governmental entities, which requires us to persuade the end-user to stop the internal service and outsource to us. in addition, our clients and prospective clients could elect to provide information management services internally through new or existing departments, which could reduce the market for our services.
we could face additional competition as other established and emerging companies enter the public sector software market and new products and technologies are introduced. increased competition could result in pricing pressure, fewer client orders, reduced gross margins, and loss of market share. current and potential competitors may make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties, thereby increasing the ability of their products to address the needs of our prospective clients. it is possible that new competitors or alliances may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share. we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and the failure to do so would have a material adverse effect upon our business.
fixed-price contracts may affect our profits.
some of our contracts are structured on a fixed-price basis, which can lead to various risks, including:
•the failure to accurately estimate the resources and time required for an engagement
•the failure to effectively manage our clients' expectations regarding the scope of services delivered for a fixed fee
•the failure to timely and satisfactorily complete fixed-price engagements within budget if we do not adequately assess and manage these and other risks, we may be subject to cost overruns and penalties, which may harm our financial performance.
changes in the insurance markets may affect our business.
some of our clients, primarily those for our property appraisal services, require that we secure performance bonds before they will select us as their vendor. in addition, we have in the past been required to provide letters of credit as security for the issuance of a performance bond. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to secure such performance bonds in the future on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. our inability to obtain performance bonds on favorable terms or at all could impact our future ability to win some contract awards, particularly large property appraisal services contracts, which could negatively impact revenues. in addition, the general insurance markets may experience volatility and/or restrictive coverage trends, which may lead to future increases in our general and administrative expenses and negatively impact our operating results.
risks related to our indebtedness servicing our indebtedness requires a significant amount of cash. we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our indebtedness, and we may not otherwise have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle for cash conversions of the convertible senior notes or to repurchase the convertible senior notes upon a fundamental change, or to repay our indebtedness obligations under our 2021 credit agreement, each of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
as of december 31, 2021, we had outstanding an aggregate principal amount of $600 million of our convertible senior notes and $755 million under our 2021 credit agreement. in april 2021, we entered into the 2021 credit agreement with significantly increased borrowing capacity of up to $1.4 billion and on the closing of the acquisition of nic on april 21, 2021, we borrowed initial loans in the aggregate principal amount of $1.15 billion. the 2021 credit agreement also has an option to increase the amount available up to an additional $500 million subject to our leverage and other factors. the proceeds from the issuance of our convertible senior notes and from loans under the 2021 credit agreement were used as sources of funding for the acquisition of nic. our indebtedness may increase our vulnerability to any generally adverse economic and industry conditions, and we and our subsidiaries may, subject to the limitations in the terms of our existing and future indebtedness, incur additional debt, secure existing or future debt or recapitalize our debt. if we incur additional indebtedness, the risks related to our business would increase and our ability to service or repay our indebtedness may be adversely impacted.
pursuant to their terms, holders may convert their convertible senior notes at their option prior to the scheduled maturities of their convertible senior notes under certain circumstances. upon conversion of the convertible senior notes, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our common stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be obligated to make cash payments. in addition, holders of our convertible senior notes will have the right to require us to repurchase their convertible senior notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture, dated as of march 9, 2021, between the company and u.s. bank national association, as trustee (the "trustee") (the "indenture"), at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the convertible senior notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. although it is our intention, and we currently expect to have the ability, to settle the convertible senior notes in cash, there is a risk that we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of convertible senior notes surrendered or convertible senior notes being converted. in addition, our ability to make payments may be limited by law, by regulatory authority, or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. our failure to repurchase convertible senior notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the indenture or to pay any cash payable on future conversions of the convertible senior notes as required by the indenture would constitute a default under the indenture. a default under the indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our other existing or future indebtedness. if the repayment of other indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the other indebtedness and repurchase the convertible senior notes or make cash payments upon conversions thereof.
our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal and interest on our indebtedness when due or to make payments upon conversion or repurchase demands with respect to our convertible senior notes, or to refinance our indebtedness as we may need or desire, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to satisfy our obligations under our existing indebtedness, and any future indebtedness we may incur, and to make necessary capital expenditures. if we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, refinancing, or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. our ability to refinance existing or future indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. we may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our existing or future indebtedness and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
covenant restrictions under our indebtedness may limit our ability to operate our business and may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and earnings per share.
the indenture governing the notes and the 2021 credit agreement do, and our future indebtedness agreements may, contain covenants that may restrict our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities. subject to customary carve-outs, thresholds and baskets, the 2021 credit agreement (and the indenture by means of a cross-default) restricts, absent consent of the agent and lenders under the 2021 credit agreement, our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to, among other things:
•    incur additional indebtedness,
•    permit liens on our assets,
•    make certain investments, acquisitions and dispositions,
•    make certain specified fundamental changes, and
•    make certain restricted payments.
in addition, the 2021 credit agreement (and the indenture by means of a cross-default) contains other customary affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default. the 2021 credit agreement is unsecured but requires us to maintain certain financial ratios regarding our total leverage and interest coverage and other financial conditions in addition to the restrictions described above. events beyond our control, including changes in general economic and business conditions, may result in a breach of any of these covenants and result in a default under the 2021 credit agreement that may, in turn, result in a default under the indenture. if an event of default under the 2021 credit agreement occurs, the lenders could terminate all commitments to lend and elect to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. if we were unable to pay such amounts, the lenders could proceed against the guarantees by our direct and indirect material domestic subsidiaries. should the lenders proceed against the guarantees, we cannot give assurance that we would have sufficient assets to pay amounts due on the 2021 credit agreement and the convertible senior notes.
variable rate indebtedness subjects the company to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly.
our borrowings under the 2021 credit agreement are, and are expected to continue to be, at variable rates of interest and expose tyler to interest rate risk. if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income would decrease. revolving credit facility loans and term a-1 loans under the 2021 credit agreement bear interest at a per annum rate equal to, at our option, either (1) the administrative agent's prime commercial lending rate (subject to certain higher rate determinations) (the "base rate") plus a margin of 0.125% to 0.75% or (2) the one-, three-, six-, or, subject to approval by all lenders, twelve-month libor rate plus a margin of 1.125% to 1.75%. our term a-2 loans bear interest, at our option, at a per annum rate of either (1) the base rate plus a margin of 0.00% to 0.50% or (2) the one-, three-, six-, or, subject to approval by all lenders, twelve-month libor rate plus a margin of 0.875% to 1.50%. the margin in each case is based upon our total net leverage ratio, as determined pursuant to the 2021 credit agreement. based on the debt under the 2021 credit agreement, the aggregate principal outstanding balance as of december 31, 2021 is $755.0 million, and each quarter point change in interest rates would result in a $1.9 million change in annual interest expense.
the conditional conversion feature of the convertible senior notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
in the event the conditional conversion feature of the notes is triggered, holders of our convertible senior notes will be entitled to convert the convertible senior notes at any time during specified periods at their option. if one or more holders elect to convert their convertible senior notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. in addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their convertible senior notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital.
transactions relating to our convertible senior notes may affect the value of our common stock.
our convertible senior notes may become convertible in the future at the option of their holders under certain circumstances. if holders of our convertible senior notes elect to convert their notes, we may settle our conversion obligation by delivering to them a significant number of shares of our common stock, which would cause dilution to our existing shareholders.
risks associated with our periodic results and stock price fluctuations in quarterly revenue could adversely impact our operating results and stock price.
our revenues and operating results are difficult to predict and may fluctuate substantially from quarter to quarter for a variety of reasons, including:
•the size of license transactions can vary significantly
•clients may unexpectedly postpone or cancel procurement processes due to changes in strategic priorities, project objectives, budget, or personnel
•client purchasing processes vary significantly and a client's internal approval, expenditure authorization, and contract negotiation processes can be difficult and time consuming to complete, even after selection of a vendor
•the number, timing, and significance of software product enhancements and new software product announcements by us and our competitors may affect purchase decisions
•we may have to defer revenues under our revenue recognition policies and gaap
•clients may elect subscription-based arrangements, which result in lower software license revenues in the initial year as compared to traditional, on-premise software license arrangements, but generate higher recurring revenues over the term of the contract in each fiscal quarter, our expense levels, operating costs, and hiring plans are based to some extent on projections of future revenues and are relatively fixed. if our actual revenues fall below expectations, we could experience a reduction in operating results. also, if actual revenues or earnings for any given quarter fall below expectations, it may lead to a decline in our stock price.
increases in investment in research and development could decrease overall margins.
an important element of our corporate strategy is to continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to research and development and related product and service opportunities both through internal investments and the acquisition of intellectual property from companies that we have acquired. we believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position and research and development expenses could adversely affect operating margins.
our stock price may be volatile.
the market price of our common stock may be volatile. examples of factors that may significantly impact our stock price include:
•actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results
•announcements of technological innovations, new products, or new contracts by us or our competitors
•developments with respect to patents, copyrights, or other proprietary rights
•conditions and trends in the software and other technology industries
•changes in financial estimates by securities analysts
•general market conditions and other factors in addition, the stock market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the market prices of technology company stocks and may in the future adversely affect the market price of our stock. sometimes, securities class action litigation is filed following periods of volatility in the market price of a particular company's securities. we cannot assure you that similar litigation will not occur in the future with respect to us. such litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect upon our financial performance.
our financial outlook may not be realized.
from time to time, in press releases and otherwise, we may publish forecasts or other forward-looking statements regarding our results, including estimated revenues or earnings. any forecast of our future performance reflects various assumptions. these assumptions are subject to significant uncertainties, and as a matter of course, any number of them may prove to be incorrect. further, the achievement of any forecast depends on numerous risks and other factors (including those described in this discussion), many of which are beyond our control. as a result, we cannot be certain that our performance will be consistent with any management forecasts or that the variation from such forecasts will not be material and adverse. current and potential stockholders are cautioned not to base their entire analysis of our business and prospects upon isolated predictions, but instead are encouraged to utilize our entire publicly available mix of historical and forward-looking information, as well as other available information regarding us, our products and services, and the software industry when evaluating our prospective results of operations.
risks associated with our growth strategy and other general corporate risks we may experience difficulties in executing our acquisition strategy.
a material portion of our historical growth has resulted from strategic acquisitions. although our focus is on internal growth, we will continue to identify and pursue strategic acquisitions with suitable candidates. these transactions involve significant challenges and risks, including risks that a transaction does not advance our business strategy; that we do not achieve the expected return on our investment; that we have difficulty integrating business systems and technology; that we have difficulty retaining or integrating new employees; that the transactions distract management from our other businesses; that we acquire unforeseen liabilities; and other unanticipated events. our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate future acquisitions into our operations. it may take longer than expected to realize the full benefits of these transactions, such as increased revenue, enhanced efficiencies, or increased market share, or the benefits may be ultimately less than we expected. although we conduct due diligence reviews of potential acquisition candidates, we may not identify all material liabilities or risks related to acquisition candidates. there can be no assurance that any such strategic acquisitions will be accomplished on favorable terms or will result in profitable operations.
our failure to properly manage growth could adversely affect our business.
we continue to expand our operations by pursuing existing and potential market opportunities. this growth places significant demands on management and operational resources. in order to manage growth effectively, we must implement and improve our operational systems, procedures, and controls on a timely basis. if we fail to implement these systems, our business may be materially adversely affected.
we may be unable to hire, integrate, and retain qualified personnel.
our continued success will depend upon the availability and performance of our key management, sales, marketing, client support, and product development personnel. the loss of key management or technical personnel could adversely affect us. we believe that our continued success will depend in large part upon our ability to attract, integrate, and retain such personnel. we have at times experienced and continue to experience challenges, in recruiting qualified personnel. competition for qualified software development, sales, and other personnel is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel. in addition, competitive job markets may increase our costs relating to compensation packages due to higher salary expectations and pressures.
compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance may result in additional expenses.
changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance, compliance, and public disclosure can create uncertainty for public companies. the costs required to comply with such evolving laws across the various states and at the federal level are difficult to predict and/or harmonize. to maintain high standards of corporate governance, compliance, and public disclosure, we intend to invest all reasonably necessary resources to comply with evolving standards. this investment may result in an unforeseen increase in general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management's time and attention from revenue-generating activities, which may harm our operating results.
we don't foresee paying dividends on our common stock.
we have not declared nor paid a cash dividend since we entered the business of providing software solutions and services to the public sector in 1998. we intend to retain earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
provisions in our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, and delaware law could deter takeover attempts.
our board of directors may issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock and may determine the price, rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions, including voting and conversion rights, of these preferred shares. these determinations may be made without any further vote or action by our stockholders. the rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. the issuance of preferred stock may make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock. in addition, some provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, and the delaware general corporation law could also delay, prevent, or make more difficult a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest involving us.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. for a comparison of our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2020, and 2019, and our cash flow discussion for the year ended december 2020, see "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, as filed with the sec on february 19, 2021.
forward-looking statements this document contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934 that are not historical in nature and typically address future or anticipated events, trends, expectations or beliefs with respect to our financial condition, results of operations or business. forward-looking statements often contain words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "foresees," "forecasts," "estimates," "plans," "intends," "continues," "may," "will," "should," "projects," "might," "could" or other similar words or phrases. similarly, statements that describe our business strategy, outlook, objectives, plans, intentions or goals also are forward-looking statements. we believe there is a reasonable basis for our forward-looking statements, but they are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from the expectations and beliefs reflected in the forward-looking statements. we presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and beliefs: (1) the ongoing effects of the covid-19 pandemic, including its potential effects on the economic environment, our customers and our operations, as well as any changes to federal, state or local government laws, regulations or orders in connection with the pandemic; (2) changes in the budgets or regulatory environments of our clients, primarily local and state governments, that could negatively impact information technology spending; (3) disruption to our business and harm to our competitive position resulting from cyber-attacks and security vulnerabilities; (4) our ability to protect client information from security breaches and provide uninterrupted operations of data centers; (5) our ability to achieve growth or operational synergies through the integration of acquired businesses, while avoiding unanticipated costs and disruptions to existing operations; (6) material portions of our business require the internet infrastructure to be adequately maintained; (7) our ability to achieve our financial forecasts due to various factors, including project delays by our clients, reductions in transaction size, fewer transactions, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for service agreements; (8) general economic, political and market conditions; (9) technological and market risks associated with the development of new products or services or of new versions of existing or acquired products or services; (10) competition in the industry in which we conduct business and the impact of competition on pricing, client retention and pressure for new products or services; (11) the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and dealing with the loss or retirement of key members of management or other key personnel; and (12) costs of compliance and any failure to comply with government and stock exchange regulations. a detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business are described in item 1a, "risk factors". we expressly disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise our forward-looking statements.
overview general we provide integrated information management solutions and services for the public sector. we develop and market a broad line of software products and services to address the it needs of cities, counties, states, schools, federal agencies, and other government entities. in addition, we provide professional it services to our clients, including software and hardware installation, data conversion, training and for certain clients, product modifications, along with continuing maintenance and support for clients using our systems. we also provide subscription-based services such as software as a service ("saas"), transaction and payment processing solutions, and electronic document filing solutions ("e-filing"), which simplify the filing and management of court related documents. we also provide property appraisal outsourcing services for taxing jurisdictions.
our products generally automate nine major functional areas: (1) financial management and education, (2) courts and justice, (3) public safety, (4) property appraisal and tax, (5) planning, regulatory and maintenance, (6) land and vital records management, (7) data and insights, (8) platform technologies, and (9) nic digital government and payments. we report our results in three segments. the enterprise software ("es") segment provides public sector entities with software systems and services to meet their information technology and automation needs for mission-critical "back-office" functions such as: financial management; courts and justice processes; public safety; planning, regulatory and maintenance; data analytics; and platform technologies. the appraisal and tax ("a&t") segment provides systems and software that automate the appraisal and assessment of real and personal property, land and vital records management as well as provides property appraisal outsourcing services for local governments and taxing authorities. property appraisal outsourcing services include: the physical inspection of commercial and residential properties; data collection and processing; computer analysis for property valuation; preparation of tax rolls; community education; and arbitration between taxpayers and the assessing jurisdiction. on april 21, 2021, the company acquired nic, inc. ("nic") resulting a new reportable segment, as its operating results meet the criteria as a reportable segment. the operating results of nic are included with the operating results of the nic segment from the date of acquisition.
as of january 1, 2021, certain administrative costs related to information technology, which were previously reported in the es and a&t segments, were moved to the corporate segment to reflect changes in the way management makes operating decisions, allocates resources, and manages the growth and profitability of the company. prior year amounts for all segments have been adjusted to reflect the segment change. see note 15, "segment and related information," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
recent acquisitions on september 9, 2021, we acquired all the equity interest of ultimate information systems, inc. (dba arx). arx is a cloud-based platform which creates accessible technology to enable a modern-day police force that is fully transparent, accountable, and a trusted resource to the community it serves. the total purchase price, net of cash acquired, was approximately $12.8 million, of which $12.4 million was paid in cash and approximately $0.5 million was accrued for indemnity holdbacks, subject to certain post-closing adjustments.
on september 1, 2021, we acquired vendengine, inc (vendengine) as contemplated by the agreement and plan of merger dated june 3, 2021. as result of the merger, vendengine became a direct subsidiary of the company. vendengine is a cloud-based software provider focused on financial technology for the corrections market. the total purchase price, net of cash acquired of $1.7 million, was approximately $83.8 million, consisting of $80.2 million paid in cash, and approximately $5.4 million related to indemnity holdbacks, subject to certain post-closing adjustments.
on april 21, 2021 ("the closing date"), we acquired nic as contemplated by the agreement and plan of merger dated february 9, 2021. as result of the merger, nic became a direct subsidiary of the company and nic's subsidiaries became indirect subsidiaries. nic is a leading digital government solutions and payment company that primarily serves federal and state government agencies. the total purchase price, net of cash acquired of $331.8 million, was approximately $2.0 billion, consisting of cash paid of $2.3 billion and $1.9 million of purchase consideration related to the conversion of unvested restricted stock awards, subject to post-closing adjustments.
on march 31, 2021, we completed two acquisitions, glass arc, inc. (dba readysub) and dataspec, inc. (dataspec), for the combined purchase price of $12.1 million.
2021 credit agreement in connection with the completion of the acquisition of nic, on the closing date we, as borrower, entered into a new $1.4 billion credit agreement (the "2021 credit agreement") with the various lenders party thereto and wells fargo bank, national association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, and issuing lender. the 2021 credit agreement provides for (1) a senior unsecured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to $500 million, including sub-facilities for standby letters of credit and swingline loans (the "revolving credit facility"), (2) an amortizing five-year term loan in the aggregate amount of $600 million (the "term loan a-1"), and (3) a non-amortizing three-year term loan in the aggregate amount of $300 million (the "term loan a-2") and, together (the "term loans"). the 2021 credit agreement matures on april 20, 2026. the 2021 credit agreement replaces and terminates the company's previous $400 million credit facility pursuant to the credit agreement dated as of september 30, 2019 (the "2019 credit agreement"). the company's previously announced commitment from goldman sachs bank usa for a $1.6 billion 364-day senior unsecured bridge loan facility also terminated on the closing date. the net proceeds from the borrowings under the 2021 credit agreement were $1.1 billion, net of debt discounts of $7.2 million and debt issuance costs of $4.9 million and $6.4 million of commitment fees paid related to the terminated $1.6 billion unsecured bridge loan facility.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $755.0 million in outstanding principal and available borrowing capacity of $500 million under our 2021 credit agreement.
0.25% convertible senior notes on march 9, 2021, we issued 0.25% convertible senior notes due 2026 in the aggregate principal amount of $600.0 million ("the convertible senior notes" or "the notes"). the convertible senior notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture (the "indenture"), dated as of march 9, 2021, with u.s. bank national association, as trustee. the net proceeds from the issuance of the convertible senior notes were $591.4 million, net of initial purchasers' discounts of $6.0 million and debt issuance costs of $2.6 million.
the convertible senior notes are senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with our future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to our future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to our future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent we are not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of our subsidiaries.
the convertible senior notes accrue interest at a rate of 0.25% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on march 15 and september 15 of each year, beginning on september 15, 2021. the convertible senior notes mature on march 15, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted.
as of december 31, 2021, we had outstanding an aggregate principal amount of $600 million of our convertible senior notes.
2021 operating results for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, total revenues increased 42.6% compared to the prior year. excluding the impact of acquisitions, total revenues increased 8.9% compared to prior year. revenues from acquisitions contributed 33.7% of growth for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021.
subscriptions revenue grew 123.7% for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, due to an ongoing shift toward a cloud-based, software as a service business model, as well as the inclusion of transaction-based revenues from nic's digital government and payments processing businesses. excluding the impact of recent acquisitions, subscriptions revenue increased 23.4% for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021.
our backlog at december 31, 2021 was $1.80 billion, a 12.6% increase from last year.
we monitor and analyze several key performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. these indicators include the following:
revenues - we derive our revenues from five primary sources: sale of software licenses and royalties; subscription-based arrangements; software services; maintenance; and appraisal services. subscriptions and maintenance are considered recurring revenue sources and comprised approximately 79.1% of our revenue in 2021. the number of new saas clients and the number of existing clients who convert from our traditional software arrangements to our saas model are a significant driver of our revenue growth, together with new software license sales and maintenance rate increases. in addition, we also monitor our customer base and turnover, which historically is very low. during 2021, based on our number of customers, turnover was approximately 2%.
cost of revenues and gross margins - our primary cost component is personnel expenses in connection with providing software implementation, subscription-based services, maintenance and support, and appraisal services to our clients. we can improve gross margins by controlling headcount and related costs and by expanding our revenue base, especially from those products and services that produce incremental revenue with minimal incremental cost, such as software licenses and royalties, subscription-based services, and maintenance and support. our appraisal projects are cyclical in nature, and we often employ appraisal personnel on a short-term basis to coincide with the life of a project. as of december 31, 2021, our total employee count increased to 6,778 from 5,536 at december 31, 2020, including 1,063 employees who joined tyler through acquisitions in 2021.
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses - the primary components of sg&a expenses are administrative and sales personnel salaries and commissions, share-based compensation expense, marketing expense, rent and professional fees. sales commissions typically fluctuate with revenues and share-based compensation expense generally increases as the market price of our stock increases. other administrative expenses tend to grow at a slower rate than revenues.
liquidity and cash flows - the primary driver of our cash flows is net income. uses of cash include acquisitions, capital investments in property and equipment and discretionary purchases of treasury stock. our working capital needs are fairly stable throughout the year with the significant components of cash outflows being payment of personnel expenses offset by cash inflows representing collection of accounts receivable and cash receipts from clients in advance of revenue being earned. in recent years, we have also received significant amounts of cash from employees exercising stock options and contributing to our employee stock purchase plan.
balance sheet - cash, accounts receivable and days sales outstanding and deferred revenue balances are important indicators of our business.
impacts of the covid-19 pandemic although market activity improved throughout 2021 in most sectors of our business and continues to trend to near or above pre-pandemic levels, the pandemic continues to delay some government procurement processes and is expected to impact our ability to complete certain implementations, negatively impacting our revenue. we continue to monitor these trends in order to respond to the ever-changing impact of covid-19 on our clients and tyler's operations.
for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, excluding the impact of 2021 acquisitions, the impact of the covid-19 pandemic resulted in lower revenues from software services. software services revenues have been affected by a decline in billable travel revenue, as most services are now being delivered virtually rather than on-site. lower revenues compared to prior periods were partially offset by continued cost savings attributed to lower spend on travel and user conferences and trade show expenses. as travel restrictions are relaxed, software services and appraisal services revenues are increasing. also, we have adapted the way we do business by encouraging web and video conferencing, conducting virtual sales demonstrations and delivering professional services remotely, which result in increases in staff utilization rates and billable time.
for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, total revenues include covid-related subscriptions revenue and software services revenues of $75.0 million from nic's tourhealth, pandemic unemployment services, and virginia rent relief offerings. we currently expect that these low margin covid-related revenues from tourhealth and pandemic unemployment will wind down in the first half of 2022, while revenues from the virginia rent relief program are expected to continue through 2022.
revenues from subscriptions and maintenance, which we consider recurring in nature, comprised 79.1% of our total consolidated revenue for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, and include transaction-based revenue streams such as transaction and payment processing, e-filing, and digital government services. as of december 31, 2021, we had $407.8 million in cash and investments and available borrowing capacity of $500.0 million under our 2021 credit agreement. we had outstanding an aggregate principal amount of $600 million of our convertible senior notes, and $755 million outstanding under our 2021 credit agreement as of december 31, 2021. during the fourth quarter of 2021, we completed our annual assessment of goodwill which did not result in an impairment charge. therefore, we have recorded no impairment as of and for the period ended december 31, 2021. we identified no indicators of impairment to long-lived and other assets and therefore, no impairment was recorded as of and for the period ended december 31, 2021. however, due to significant uncertainty surrounding covid-19 and market conditions, there are no assurances conditions will not deteriorate in the future.
recent adoption of new accounting pronouncements in august 2020, the fasb issued accounting standards update ("asu") 2020-06 - debt with conversion and other options (subtopic 470-20) and derivatives and hedging - contracts in entity's own equity (subtopic 815-40): accounting for convertible instruments and contracts in an entity's own equity ("asu 2020-06"), which simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by removing the separation models for (1) convertible debt with a cash conversion feature and (2) convertible instruments with a beneficial conversion feature. as a result, a convertible debt instrument will be accounted for as a single liability measured at its amortized cost. these changes will reduce reported interest expense and increase reported net income for entities that have issued a convertible instrument that was bifurcated according to previously existing rules. asu 2020-06 also requires the application of the if-converted method for calculating diluted earnings per share and the treasury stock method will be no longer available. this standard will be effective for the company's fiscal years beginning in the first quarter of 2022, with early adoption permitted. the company has elected to early adopt this standard as of january 1, 2021. our accounting and disclosures related to our convertible senior notes issued on march 9, 2021, reflect the requirements of this standard. for further information, please refer to note 6, "debt."
in december 2019, the fasb issued asu 2019-12, simplifying the accounting for income taxes, ("asu 2019-12") which simplifies the accounting for income taxes, eliminates certain exceptions within asc 740, income taxes, and clarifies certain aspects of the current guidance to promote consistency among reporting entities. the new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2020. we adopted asu 2019-12 as of january 1, 2021. the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting guidance not yet adopted in october 2021, the fasb issued asu 2021-08 - accounting for contract assets and contract liabilities from contracts with customers (asc 805)("asu 2021-08"). asu 2021-08 requires an acquirer in a business combination to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities (deferred revenue) from acquired contracts using the revenue recognition guidance in topic 606. under this "topic 606 approach," the acquirer applies the revenue model as if it had originated the contracts. this is a departure from the current requirement to measure contract assets and contract liabilities at fair value. asu 2021-08 is effective for all public business entities in annual and interim periods starting after december 15, 2022, and early adoption is permitted. we early adopted as of january 1, 2022. adopting this standard could have a material impact on revenue associated with an acquired business.
outlook the local government software market continues to be active with sales activity trending at or near pre-pandemic levels in most sectors of our business, and our backlog at december 31, 2021 reached $1.80 billion, a 12.6% increase from the prior year. we expect to continue to achieve solid growth in revenue and earnings. with our strong financial position and cash flow, we plan to continue to make significant investments in product development and accelerating our move to the cloud to better position us to continue to expand our addressable market and strengthen our competitive position over the long term. the expenses associated with the cloud transition are expected to pressure operating margins in 2022 and 2023.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"). the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, the reported amounts of revenues, cost of revenues and expenses during the reporting period, and related disclosure of contingencies. the notes to the financial statements included as part of this annual report describe our significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the financial statements. significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the application of the progress toward completion methods of revenue recognition, estimated standalone selling price ("ssp") for distinct performance obligations, the carrying amount and estimated useful lives of intangible assets, determination of share-based compensation expense and valuation allowance for receivables. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
we believe the following critical accounting policies require significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements.
revenue recognition. we earn revenue from software licenses, royalties, subscription-based services, software services, post-contract customer support ("pcs" or "maintenance"), hardware, and appraisal services. revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. we determine revenue recognition through the following steps:
•identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer
•identification of the performance obligations in the contract
•determination of the transaction price
•allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
•recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation most of our software arrangements with customers contain multiple performance obligations that range from software licenses, installation, training, and consulting to software modification and customization to meet specific customer needs (services), hosting, and pcs. for these contracts, we account for individual performance obligations separately when they are distinct. we evaluate whether separate performance obligations can be distinct or should be accounted for as one performance obligation. arrangements that include software services, such as training or installation, are evaluated to determine whether the customer can benefit from the services either on their own or together with other resources readily available to the customer and whether the services are separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. many of our software arrangements involve "off-the-shelf" software. we recognize the revenue allocable to "off-the-shelf" software licenses and specified upgrades at a point in time when control of the software license transfers to the customer, unless the software is not considered distinct. we consider off-the-shelf software to be distinct when it can be added to an arrangement with minor changes in the underlying code, it can be used by the customer for the customer's purpose upon installation, and remaining services such as training are not considered highly interdependent or highly interrelated to the product's functionality.
for arrangements that involve significant production, modification or customization of the software, or where software services are otherwise not considered distinct, we recognize revenue over time by measuring progress-to-completion. we measure progress-to-completion primarily using labor hours incurred as it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer which occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. these arrangements are often implemented over an extended period and occasionally require us to revise total cost estimates. amounts recognized in revenue are calculated using the progress-to-completion measurement after giving effect to any changes in our cost estimates. changes to total estimated contract costs, if any, are recorded in the period they are determined. estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are recorded in the period in which we first determine that a loss is apparent. when software services are distinct, the fee allocable to the service element is recognized over the time we perform the services and is billed on a time and material or milestones basis.
subscription-based services consist of revenues derived from saas arrangements, which primarily utilize the tyler private cloud, transaction and payment processing, electronic filing transactions, and digital government services. revenue from subscription-based services is generally recognized over time on a ratable basis over the contract term, beginning on the date that our service is made available to the customer. for saas arrangements, we evaluate whether the customer has the contractual right to take possession of our software at any time during the hosting period without significant penalty and whether the customer can feasibly maintain the software on the customer's hardware or enter into another arrangement with a third-party to host the software. we allocate contract value to each performance obligation of the arrangement that qualifies for treatment as a distinct element based on estimated ssp. we recognize saas arrangements ratably over the terms of the arrangements, which range from one to ten years, but are typically for periods of three to five years. for software services associated with certain saas arrangements, we have concluded that the services are not distinct, and we recognize the revenue ratably over the remaining contractual period once we have provided the customer access to the software. we record amounts that have been invoiced in accounts receivable and in deferred revenue or revenues, depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria have been met.
for transaction and payments revenue and e-filing transaction fees, we have the right to charge the customer an amount that directly corresponds with the value to the customer of our performance to date. therefore, we recognize revenue for these services over time based on the amount billable to the customer in accordance with the 'as invoiced' practical expedient in asc 606-10-55-18. in some cases, we are paid on a fixed fee basis and recognize the revenue ratably over the contractual period. typically, the structure of our arrangements does not give rise to variable consideration. however, in those instances whereby variable consideration exists, we include in our estimates, additional revenue for variable consideration when we believe we have an enforceable right, the amount can be estimated reliably and its realization is probable.
the transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative ssp basis. we determine the ssp based on our overall pricing objectives, taking into consideration market conditions and other factors, including the value of our contracts, the applications sold, customer demographics, and the number and types of users within our contracts. we use a range of amounts to estimate ssp when we sell each of the products and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative ssp of the various products and services. in instances where ssp is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine ssp using the expected cost-plus margin approach. revenue is recognized net of allowances for sales adjustments and any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities.
we maintain allowances for losses and sales adjustments, which losses are recorded against revenue at the time the loss is incurred. since most of our clients are domestic governmental entities, we rarely incur a credit loss resulting from the inability of a client to make required payments. events or changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying amount for the allowances for losses and sales adjustments may require revision, include, but are not limited to, managing our client's expectations regarding the scope of the services to be delivered and defects or errors in new versions or enhancements of our software products. our allowance for losses and sales adjustments of $12.1 million and $9.3 million at december 31, 2021, and december 31, 2020, respectively, does not include provisions for credit losses. as of january 1, 2020, we adopted asu 2016-13, financial instruments - credit losses, and primarily evaluated our historical experience with credit losses related to trade and other receivables. because we rarely experience credit losses with our clients, we have not recorded a material reserve for credit losses.
in connection with certain of our contracts, we have recorded retentions receivable or unbilled receivables consisting of costs and estimated profit in excess of billings as of the balance sheet date. many of the contracts which give rise to unbilled receivables at a given balance sheet date are subject to billings in the subsequent accounting period. we review unbilled receivables and related contract provisions to ensure we are justified in recognizing revenue prior to billing the customer and that we have objective evidence which allows us to recognize such revenue. in addition, we have a sizable amount of deferred revenue, which represents billings in excess of revenue earned. the majority of this liability consists of subscriptions and maintenance billings for which payments are made in advance and the revenue is ratably earned over the subscription or maintenance period, generally one year. we also have deferred revenue for those contracts in which we receive a deposit and the conditions in which to record revenue for the service or product have not been met. on a periodic basis, we review by customer the detail components of our deferred revenue to ensure our accounting remains appropriate.
business combinations. accounting for the acquisition of a business requires the allocation of the purchase price to the various assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective fair values. the determination of fair value requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, and in making these determinations, management uses all available information.
for tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination, management estimates the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on quoted market prices, the carrying value of the acquired assets and widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flows and market multiple analyses. the assumptions made in performing these valuations include, but are not limited to, discount rates, future revenues and operating costs, projections of capital costs, and other assumptions believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants.
due to the specialized nature of these calculations, we engage third-party specialists to assist management in evaluating our assumptions as well as appropriately measuring the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. we adjust the preliminary purchase price allocation, as necessary, up to one year after the acquisition closing date as we obtain new information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the closing date. if actual results are materially different than the assumptions we used to determine fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed through a business combination as well as the estimated useful lives of the acquired intangible assets, it is possible that adjustments to the carrying values of such assets and liabilities will have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations.
intangible assets and goodwill. our business acquisitions typically result in the creation of goodwill and other intangible asset balances, and these balances affect the amount and timing of future period amortization expense, as well as expense we could possibly incur as a result of an impairment charge. the cost of acquired companies is allocated to identifiable tangible and intangible assets based on estimated fair value, with the excess allocated to goodwill. accordingly, we have a significant balance of acquisition date intangible assets, including software, customer related intangibles, trade name, leases and goodwill. these intangible assets (other than goodwill) are amortized over their estimated useful lives. we currently have no intangible assets with indefinite lives other than goodwill.
we assess goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate its carrying value may not be recoverable. we begin with the qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value before applying the quantitative assessment described below. when testing goodwill for impairment quantitatively, we first compare the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount. if the carrying amount of reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized. the fair values calculated in our impairment tests are determined using discounted cash flow models involving several assumptions (level 3 inputs). the assumptions that are used are based upon what we believe a hypothetical marketplace participant would use in estimating fair value. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. we evaluate the reasonableness of the fair value calculations of our reporting units by comparing the total of the fair value of all of our reporting units to our total market capitalization.
we have historically performed our annual assessment of goodwill impairment as of april 1. during the second quarter of 2021, we voluntarily changed the date of our annual assessment of goodwill to october 1 for all reporting units. the change in testing date for goodwill impairment is a change in accounting principle, which management believes is preferable as the new date of the assessment better aligns with our annual planning process. the change in the assessment date did not delay or avoid a potential impairment charge nor did it change our requirement to assess goodwill on an interim date between scheduled annual testing dates if triggering events are present. to ensure that no lapse in an assessment occurred since the prior period, we performed qualitative assessments as of april 1, for all reporting units except for the data and insights and platform technologies reporting units. as a result of these qualitative assessments, we determined that it was not more likely than not that an impairment existed; therefore, we did not perform step 1 quantitative impairment test. we did perform a quantitative assessment for goodwill associated with our data and insights and platform technologies reporting units as of april 1, 2021. as a result of our interim qualitative and quantitative assessments, we concluded no impairment existed.
during the fourth quarter, as part of our annual impairment test as of october 1, we performed qualitative assessments for all reporting units except for recently acquired businesses. as a result of these qualitative assessments, we determined that it was not more likely than not that an impairment existed; therefore, we did not perform a step 1 quantitative impairment test. we did perform a quantitative assessment for goodwill associated with our recently acquired businesses, data and insights, nic, and platform technologies reporting units, and concluded no impairment existed as of our annual assessment date. the data and insights, nic, and platform technologies business units combined goodwill was $1.6 billion, or 68%, of total goodwill as of december 31, 2021. our annual goodwill impairment analysis did not result in an impairment charge. during 2021, we have recorded no impairment to goodwill as no triggering events or changes in circumstances indicating a potential impairment have occurred as of period-end.
determining the fair value of our reporting units involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions and considerable management judgment. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable at the time, but such assumptions are subject to inherent uncertainty. changes in market conditions or other factors outside of our control, such as the covid-19 pandemic, could cause us to change key assumptions and our judgment about a reporting unit's prospects. similarly, in a specific period, a reporting unit could significantly underperform relative to its historical or projected future operating results. either situation could result in a meaningfully different estimate of the fair value of our reporting units, and a consequent future impairment charge.
all intangible assets (other than goodwill) are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. recoverability of other intangible assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount to estimated undiscounted future cash flows. the assessment of recoverability or of the estimated useful life for amortization purposes will be affected if the timing or the amount of estimated future operating cash flows is not achieved. such indicators may include, among others: a significant decline in expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated competition; and reductions in growth rates. in addition, products, capabilities, or technologies developed by others may render our software products obsolete or non-competitive. any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of goodwill or other intangible assets. during 2021, we did not identify any triggering events that would indicate that the carrying amount of our intangible assets may not be recoverable.
share-based compensation. we have a stock incentive plan that provides for the grant of stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units to key employees, directors and non-employee consultants. we estimate the fair value of share-based awards on the date of grant. share-based compensation expense includes the estimated effects of forfeitures, which will be adjusted over the requisite service period to the extent actual forfeitures differ or are expected to differ from such estimates. changes in estimated forfeitures are recognized in the period of change and will also impact the amount of expense to be recognized in future periods. forfeiture rate assumptions are derived from historical data.
we estimate stock price volatility at the date of grant based on the historical volatility of our common stock. estimated option life is determined using the weighted-average period the stock options are expected to be outstanding based primarily on the options' vesting terms, remaining contractual life and the employees' expected exercise based on historical patterns. determining the appropriate fair-value model and calculating the fair value of share-based awards at the grant date requires considerable judgment, including estimating stock price volatility, expected option life and forfeiture rates.
analysis of results of operations and other the following discussion compares the historical results of operations on a basis consistent with gaap for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
percentage of total revenues years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                      2020                      2019
revenues:
software licenses and royalties                              4.6   %                   6.5   %                   9.2   %
subscriptions                                               49.3                      31.4                      27.3
software services                                           13.2                      16.7                      19.6
maintenance                                                 29.8                      41.9                      39.6
appraisal services                                           1.7                       1.9                       2.2
hardware and other                                           1.4                       1.6                       2.1
total revenues                                             100.0                     100.0                     100.0
operating expenses:
cost of software licenses, royalties and                     3.2                       3.2                       3.2
acquired software cost of subscriptions, software services and                50.3                      45.8                      46.2
maintenance cost of appraisal services                                   1.2                       1.4                       1.4
cost of hardware and other                                   0.8                       1.1                       1.6
selling, general and administrative expenses                24.5                      23.2                      23.7
research and development expense                             5.9                       7.9                       7.5
amortization of customer and trade nameintangibles           2.8                       1.9                       2.0
operating income                                            11.3                      15.5                      14.4
interest expense                                           (1.5)                     (0.1)                     (0.2)
other income, net                                            0.1                       0.3                       0.5
income before income taxes                                   9.9                      15.7                      14.7
income tax (benefit) provision                             (0.2)                     (1.8)                       1.2
net income                                                  10.1   %                  17.5   %                  13.5   %
2021 compared to 2020
revenues acquisitions on april 21, 2021, we acquired nic and as result of the merger, nic became a direct subsidiary of the company and nic's subsidiaries became indirect subsidiaries. nic is a leading digital government solutions and payment company that serves federal, state and local government agencies.
the following table details revenue (in thousands) for nic for the period from acquisition through december 31, 2021, which is included in our consolidated statements of income from the date of acquisition. the results of nic are included with the operating results of the nic segment from the date of acquisition.
2021
revenues:
software licenses and royalties                          $-
subscriptions                                       344,692
software services                                    23,665
maintenance                                             560
appraisal services                                        -
hardware and other                                        -
total revenues                                     $368,917
software licenses and royalties.
the following table sets forth a comparison of our software licenses and royalties revenue for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                                      2021                    2020                    $                       %
es                                                               $68,101                 $64,200      $3,901         6                  %
a&amp;t                                                            6,351                   8,964      (2,613)                 (29)
nic                                                                    -                       -      -                       -
total software licenses and royalties revenue                    $74,452                 $73,164      $1,288         2                  %
software licenses and royalties revenue increased 2% compared to the prior year. the growth is primarily attributed to several large on-premise sales of our courts and justice, enterprise, and platform technologies solutions partially offset by the shift in the mix of new software contracts toward more subscription-based agreements compared to the prior year. our mix of new software contracts in 2021 was approximately 33% perpetual software license arrangements and approximately 67% subscription-based arrangements compared to total new client mix in 2020 of approximately 38% perpetual software license arrangements and approximately 62% subscription-based arrangements.
although the mix of new contracts between subscription-based and perpetual license arrangements may vary from quarter to quarter and year to year, we expect our longer-term software license growth rate to be negatively impacted by a growing number of customers choosing our subscription-based options, rather than purchasing the software under a traditional perpetual software license arrangement. subscription-based arrangements result in lower software license revenue in the initial year as compared to perpetual software license arrangements but generate higher overall revenue over the term of the contract.
subscriptions.
the following table sets forth a comparison of our subscriptions revenue for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                    2021                      2020                                            $         %
es                                              $406,494                  $326,284          $80,210                25   %
a&amp;t                                           33,249                    24,364            8,885                36
nic                                              344,692                         -          344,692               100
total subscriptions revenue                     $784,435                  $350,648         $433,787               124   %
subscription-based revenue primarily consists of revenue derived from our saas arrangements. as part of our subscription-based services, we also provide electronic document filing solutions ("e-filing") that simplify the filing and management of court related documents for courts and law offices. e-filing revenue is derived from transaction fees and fixed fee arrangements. other sources of subscription-based services are derived from transaction-based fees primarily related to digital government services and payment processing.
subscription-based revenue increased 124% compared to 2020, primarily due to the inclusion of nic's revenues from the date of acquisition. excluding the impact of revenue from 2021 acquisitions of $351.7 million, subscriptions revenue increased 23.4%. new saas clients as well as existing clients who converted to our saas model provided the majority of the subscription revenue increase. in 2021, we added 533 new saas clients and 239 existing clients elected to convert to our saas model. also, transaction-based fees contributed $19.1 million to the increase in subscription revenue due to the increased volumes of online payments and slightly increased e-filing services volumes in 2021.
software services.
the following table sets forth a comparison of our software services revenue for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                       2021                      2020                                          $             %
es                                                 $167,065                  $164,520         $2,545                     2   %
a&amp;t                                              18,661                    21,889        (3,228)                  (15)
nic                                                  23,665                         -         23,665                   100
total software services revenue                    $209,391                  $186,409        $22,982                    12   %
software services revenue primarily consists of professional services billed in connection with implementing our software, converting client data, training client personnel, custom development activities and consulting. new clients who purchase our proprietary software licenses or subscriptions generally also contract with us to provide for the related software services. existing clients also periodically purchase additional training, consulting and minor programming services.
software services revenue increased 12% compared to the prior year period, primarily due to the inclusion of nic's revenues from the date of acquisition. excluding the impact of revenue from 2021 acquisitions of $23.8 million, software services revenue declined 0.5%. the decline in software services revenue is primarily attributed to a decline in billable travel revenue, as most services are now being delivered virtually rather than on-site. also contributing to the decline is the increase of clients selecting our cloud solutions instead of our on-premises license arrangements which typically require more professional services.
maintenance.
the following table sets forth a comparison of our maintenance revenue for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                                    2021   2020                                                   $           %
es                                           $438,726                  $429,224                  $9,502                   2   %
a&amp;t                                        35,001                    38,289                 (3,288)                 (9)
nic                                               560                         -      560                                100
total maintenance revenue                    $474,287                  $467,513                  $6,774                   1   %
we provide maintenance and support services for our software products and certain third-party software. maintenance revenue was essentially flat and grew 1% compared to the prior year. maintenance revenue increased mainly due to contributions of maintenance revenue from recent acquisitions and completing the recognition of the majority of acquisition-related deferred maintenance revenue that was fair valued at rates below tyler's average maintenance rate in prior periods. the remainder of the increase is attributed to annual maintenance rate increases and growth in our installed customer base from new software license sales, offset by attrition, the impact of customers selecting our saas solutions instead of on-premises solutions, and clients converting from on-premises license arrangements to subscriptions.
appraisal services.
the following table sets forth a comparison of our appraisal services revenue for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                       2021                    2020                    $                       %
es                                                     $-                      $-      $-                      -     %
a&amp;t                                            27,788                  21,127      6,661          32
nic                                                     -                       -      -                       -
total appraisal services revenue                  $27,788                 $21,127      $6,661         32             %
in 2021, appraisal services revenue increased 32% compared to the prior year primarily due to relaxed travel restrictions allowing for the ramp-up of appraisal services for several new revaluation contracts which started in recent quarters. the appraisal services business is somewhat cyclical and driven in part by statutory revaluation cycles in various states.
cost of revenues and gross margins the following table sets forth a comparison of the key components of our cost of revenues for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                                         2021                      2020                                                     $         %
software licenses and royalties                                        $5,877                    $3,339                    $2,538                76   %
acquired software                                                      45,601                    31,962                    13,639                43
subscriptions, software services and maintenance                      799,158                   510,504                   288,654                57
appraisal services                                                     19,061                    15,945                     3,116                20
hardware and other                                                     12,946                    12,401      545                                  4
total cost of revenues                                               $882,643                  $574,151                  $308,492                54   %
the following table sets forth a comparison of gross margin percentage by revenue type for the years ended december 31:
gross margin percentage                                              2021               2020                    change software licenses, royalties and acquired software               30.9   %           51.8   %               (20.9)    %
subscriptions, software services and maintenance                 45.6               49.2                    (3.6)
appraisal services                                               31.4               24.5                      6.9
hardware and other                                               41.0               30.3                     10.7
overall gross margin                                             44.6   %           48.6   %                (4.0)    %
software licenses, royalties and acquired software. cost of software licenses, royalties and acquired software is primarily comprised of amortization expense for acquired software and third-party software costs. we do not have any direct costs associated with royalties. the gross margin decrease of 20.9% is due to the increased amortization expense related to acquired software from acquisitions completed in 2021.
subscriptions, software services and maintenance. cost of subscriptions, software services and maintenance primarily consists of personnel costs related to installation of our software, conversion of client data, training client personnel and support activities and various other services such as custom client development, on-going operation of saas, digital government, and other transaction-based services such as e-filing. other costs included are interchange fees required to process credit/debit card transactions and bank fees to process automated clearinghouse transactions related to our payments business. in 2021, the subscriptions, software services and maintenance gross margin declined 3.6% compared to the prior year primarily due to the inclusion of nic's revenues, which historically have lower margins than tyler. excluding the impact from 2021 acquisitions, gross margin was 49.0% in 2021, a decrease of 0.2%, primarily due to higher employee headcount. our implementation and support staff grew by 125 employees since december 31, 2020, as we increased hiring to ensure that we are well-positioned to deliver our current backlog and anticipated new business. the decline in margin is partially offset by improved utilization of our professional services staff resulting from the shift to virtual delivery of most implementation services.
appraisal services. appraisal services revenue comprised approximately 1.7% of total revenue. the appraisal services gross margin increase of 6.9% compared to 2020 is primarily due to ramping of several new revaluation projects and cost savings attributed to lower travel expenses associated with appraisal projects. the appraisal services business is somewhat cyclical and driven in part by statutory revaluation cycles in various states.
gross margin. our 2021 blended gross margin decreased 4.0% compared to 2020, primarily due to the inclusion of nic's revenues, which historically have lower margins than tyler. excluding the impact from 2021 acquisitions, overall gross margin was 48.5% in the current year period. the slight decrease of 0.1% in overall gross margin is attributed to increased amortization expense related to acquired software from recent acquisitions, partially offset by a reduction in software services revenue from reimbursable travel that has little to no margin, as well as improved utilization of our professional services staff resulting from the shift to virtual delivery of most implementation services.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses consist primarily of salaries, employee benefits, travel, share-based compensation expense, commissions and related overhead costs for administrative and sales and marketing employees, as well as, professional fees, trade show activities, advertising costs and other marketing costs. the following table sets forth a comparison of our sg&a expenses for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                                   2021                      2020                      $                         %
selling, general and administrative expenses                   $390,579                  $259,561      $131,018         50             %
sg&a as a percentage of revenue was 24.5% in 2021 compared to 23.2% in 2020. sg&a expense increased approximately 50% compared to the prior year period, primarily due to the inclusion nic's sg&a expenses. excluding the impact of sg&a expense from 2021 acquisitions of $49.1 million, sg&a increased 31.6% compared to prior year periods. the increase in sg&a is attributed to transaction costs related to recent acquisitions, higher stock compensation expense, higher bonus and commission expense due to improved operating results and other administrative expenses compared to prior periods. in 2021, sg&a includes $23.5 million of transaction expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2021. we also incurred $1.6 million of expense related to a separation agreement with nic's former chief executive officer. during 2021, stock compensation expense rose $31.8 million compared to prior periods, primarily due to an increase in share-based awards issued in connection with our stock compensation plan coupled with the higher fair value of each share-based award due to the increase in our stock price. sg&a expense also included $3.2 million related to an accrual for litigation.
research and development expense research and development expense consists primarily of salaries, employee benefits and related overhead costs associated with new product development. the following table sets forth a comparison of our research and development expense for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                       2021                    2020                    $                       %
research and development expense                  $93,481                 $88,363      $5,118         6              %
research and development expense consists mainly of costs associated with development of new products and technologies from which we do not currently generate significant revenue.
research and development expense increased 6% in 2021 compared to the prior year period, mainly due to a number of new tyler product development initiatives across our product suites, including increased investments in research and development at recently acquired businesses. to support these initiatives, our research and development staff grew by 107 since december 31, 2020.
amortization of customer and trade name intangibles acquisition intangibles are comprised of the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets acquired that is allocated to acquired software, leases and customer and trade name intangibles. the remaining excess purchase price is allocated to goodwill that is not subject to amortization. amortization expense related to acquired software is included with cost of revenues, while amortization expense of customer and trade name intangibles is recorded as operating expense. the estimated useful lives of both customer and trade name intangibles range from five to 25 years. the following table sets forth a comparison of amortization of customer and trade name intangibles for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                                            2021                    2020                    $                       %
amortization of customer and trade name intangibles                    $44,849                 $21,662      $23,187        107            %
amortization of customer and trade name intangibles increased due to the impact of intangibles added with several acquisitions completed in 2021.
estimated annual amortization expense relating to customer, trade name, and lease acquisition intangibles, excluding acquired software for which the amortization expense is recorded as cost of revenues, for the next five years and thereafter is as follows (in thousands):
2022     $55,044
2023      54,971
2024      54,421
2025      53,769
2026      52,801
thereafter     556,138
interest expense the following table sets forth a comparison of interest expense for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)        2021                      2020                      $                         %
interest expense                 $(23,298)                 $(1,013)         $(22,285)                 2,200%
interest expense is primarily comprised of interest expense and commitment and other fees associated with our borrowings. the change in interest expense compared to the prior period is attributable to higher levels of borrowings related to the 2021 credit agreement and convertible senior notes, including $6.4 million related to the senior unsecured bridge loan facility commitment fee in 2021.
other income, net the following table sets forth a comparison of other income, net for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)        2021                    2020                    $                         %
other income, net                   $1,544                  $3,129      $(1,585)                  (51)%
other income is comprised of interest income from invested cash. the decrease in other income, net compared to the prior period is attributable to the significant decrease in interest rates on invested cash balances since march 2020, partially offset by higher levels of invested cash.
income tax provision the following table sets forth a comparison of our income tax provision for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                       2021                       2020                       $                       %
income tax (benefit) provision                     $(2,477)                  $(19,778)       $17,301                 (87)      %
effective income tax rate                             (1.6)   %                 (11.3)   %
the increase in the income tax provision and the effective income tax rate in 2021 compared to the prior year is primarily due to a decrease in excess tax benefits from share-based compensation in 2021. the share-based exercise and vesting activity in 2021 generated $47.7 million of excess tax benefits, while exercise and vesting activity in 2020 generated $60.2 million of excess tax benefits. excluding the impact of the excess tax benefits, our income tax provision and effective tax rate in 2021 would have been $45.2 million and 28.4% and in 2020, would have been $40.4 million and 23.1%, respectively.
the effective income tax rates in both 2021 and 2020 differed from the united states federal statutory corporate income tax rate of 21% primarily due to excess tax benefits related to stock incentive awards, the tax benefit of research tax credits and the release of reserves for unrecognized income tax benefits resulting from expiration of the statutes of limitations for certain tax years, offset by state income taxes and non-deductible business expenses.
financial condition and liquidity as of december 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of $309.2 million compared to $603.6 million at december 31, 2020. we also had $98.7 million invested in investment grade corporate bonds, municipal bonds and asset-backed securities as of december 31, 2021, compared to $154.8 million at december 31, 2020. these investments mature from 2022 through 2027. during the fourth quarter, management determined that our investment portfolio would no longer be held to maturity. the impact to the financial statements in the current year is not material. cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit with several domestic banks and money market funds. as of december 31, 2021, we had $748.5 million outstanding borrowings under our 2021 credit agreement and one outstanding letter of credit totaling $2.0 million in favor of a client contract. we believe our cash on hand, cash from operating activities, availability under our revolving line of credit, and access to the credit markets provide us with sufficient flexibility to meet our long-term financial needs.
the following table sets forth a summary of cash flows for the years ended december 31:
($ in thousands)                                            2021                        2020                      2019
cash flows provided (used) by:
operating activities                                                      $371,753                  $355,089                  $254,720
investing activities                                                   (2,090,935)                  (98,320)                 (245,015)
financing activities                                                     1,424,730                   114,172                    88,698
net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                    $(294,452)                  $370,941                   $98,403
net cash provided by operating activities continues to be our primary source of funds to finance operating needs and capital expenditures. other potential capital resources include cash on hand, public and private issuances of debt or equity securities, and bank borrowings. it is possible that our ability to access the capital and credit markets in the future may be limited by economic conditions or other factors. we currently believe that our cash on hand, cash provided by operating activities, and available credit are sufficient to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures, income tax obligations, and share repurchases for at least the next twelve months.
in 2021, operating activities provided cash of $371.8 million compared to $355.1 million in 2020. operating activities that provided cash were primarily comprised of net income of $161.5 million, non-cash depreciation and amortization charges of $135.6 million, non-cash share-based compensation expense of $104.7 million and non-cash decrease in operating lease right-of-use assets of $10.2 million. working capital, excluding cash, decreased approximately $43.1 million due to mainly due to timing of payments to and receipts from our government partners and end-user consumers, timing of prepaid expenses, timing of payments of payroll related taxes and vendor invoices, and deferred taxes associated with stock option activity during the period. these increases were offset by the timing of tax payments and an increase in deferred revenue during the period. in general, changes in deferred revenue are cyclical and primarily driven by the timing of our maintenance renewal billings. our renewal dates occur throughout the year, but our largest renewal billing cycles occur in the second and fourth quarters. in addition, subscription renewals are billed throughout the year.
days sales outstanding in accounts receivable were 108 days at december 31, 2021, compared to 121 days at december 31, 2020. dso is calculated based on quarter-end accounts receivable divided by the quotient of annualized quarterly revenues divided by 360 days. the decrease in dso compared to december 31, 2020, is attributed to improved collection efforts and a reduction in unbilled receivables related to contracts under which revenue is being recognized on the percentage of completion basis.
investing activities used cash of $2.1 billion in 2021 compared to $98.3 million in 2020. we invested $77.5 million and received $131.4 million in proceeds from investment grade corporate bonds, municipal bonds and asset-backed securities with maturity dates ranging from 2022 through 2027. on march 31, 2021, we completed two acquisitions with the total purchase price, net of cash acquired, of $12.1 million paid in cash. on april 21, 2021, we completed the acquisition of nic for the total purchase price of $2.0 billion, net of cash acquired of $331.8 million, including cash paid of $2.3 billion and $1.9 million of purchase consideration related to the conversion of unvested restricted stock awards. on september 1, 2021, we acquired vendengine for the total purchase price, net of cash acquired of $1.7 million, of approximately $83.8 million consisting of $80.2 million paid in cash and approximately $5.4 million related to indemnity holdbacks, subject to certain post-closing adjustments. on september 9, 2021, we acquired all of the equity interest of arx for the total purchase price, net of cash acquired, of approximately $12.8 million, of which $12.3 million was paid in cash and approximately $0.5 million was accrued for indemnity holdbacks. approximately $33.9 million was invested in property and equipment, including $12.8 million related to real estate. in addition, approximately $21.7 million of software development was capitalized in 2021. the remaining additions were for computer equipment and furniture and fixtures in support of internal growth, with the majority associated with our data centers supporting growth in our cloud-based offerings. these expenditures were funded from cash generated from operations.
investing activities used cash of $98.3 million in 2020. we invested $156.6 million and received $82.7 million in proceeds from investment grade corporate bonds, municipal bonds and asset-backed securities. during 2020, we received $15.0 million in proceeds from the sale of the investment in convertible preferred stock representing a 20% interest in record holdings to bftr, llc, a wholly owned subsidiary of bison capital partners v.l.p. during the same period, we purchased $10.0 million in common stock representing a 18% interest in bftr, llc. we paid $1.3 million in working capital and indemnity holdbacks in connection with the 2019 acquisition of courthouse technologies, ltd. approximately $22.7 million was invested in property and equipment, including $9.9 million related to real estate. in addition, approximately $5.8 million of software development was capitalized in 2020. the remaining additions were for computer equipment and furniture and fixtures in support of internal growth, particularly with respect to data centers supporting growth in our cloud-based offerings. these expenditures were funded from cash generated from operations.
financing activities provided cash of $1.4 billion in 2021 compared to $114.2 million in 2020. financing activities in 2021 were primarily comprised of proceeds from the issuance of the convertible senior notes and the 2021 credit agreement. on march 9, 2021, we issued $600 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes. the net proceeds from the issuance of the convertible senior notes were $591.4 million, net of initial purchasers' discounts of $6.0 million and debt issuance costs of $2.6 million. on april 21, 2021, in connection with the completion of the nic acquisition, the company, as borrower, entered into a new 2021 credit agreement with various lenders consisting of an unsecured revolving credit facility of up to $500 million and unsecured term loans totaling $900 million. the net proceeds from the borrowings under the 2021 credit agreement were $1.1 billion, net of debt discounts of $7.2 million and debt issuance costs of $4.9 million and $6.4 million of commitment fees paid related to the terminated $1.6 billion unsecured bridge loan facility. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, we repaid $250.0 million of the unsecured revolving credit facility and $145.0 million of the unsecured term loans. the remainder of the financing activities comprised of receipts of $109.9 million from stock option exercises and employee stock purchase plan activity. we also purchased approximately 33,000 shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $13.0 million.
financing activities provided cash of $114.2 million in 2020. financing activities in 2020 were primarily comprised of receipts of $135.3 million from stock option exercises and employee stock purchase plan activity. we also purchased approximately 59,000 shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $15.5 million.
in february 2019, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 1.5 million shares of tyler common stock. the repurchase program, which was approved by our board of directors, was announced in october 2002, and was amended at various times from 2003 through 2019. as of february 23, 2022, we had remaining authorization to repurchase up to 2.4 million additional shares of our common stock. our share repurchase program allows us to repurchase shares at our discretion. market conditions influence the timing of the buybacks and the number of shares repurchased, as well as the volume of employee stock option exercises. share repurchases are generally funded using our existing cash balances and borrowings under our credit facility and may occur through open market purchases and transactions structured through investment banking institutions, privately negotiated transactions and/or other mechanisms. there is no expiration date specified for the authorization and we intend to repurchase stock under the plan from time to time.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $755.0 million in outstanding principal and available borrowing capacity of $500 million under our 2021 credit agreement and an aggregate principal amount of $600 million of our convertible senior notes. we paid interest of $17.7 million, including $6.4 million related to the senior unsecured bridge loan facility commitment fee in 2021, $0.6 million in 2020, and $1.8 million in 2019. see note 6, "debt," to the consolidated financial statements for discussions of the convertible senior notes and the 2021 credit agreement.
we paid income taxes, net of refunds received, of $2.2 million in 2021, $3.3 million in 2020, and $21.3 million in 2019. in 2021, we experienced significant stock option exercise activity that generated net tax benefits of $47.7 million and reduced tax payments accordingly. in 2020 and 2019, excess tax benefits were $60.2 million and $29.8 million, respectively.
we anticipate that 2022 capital spending will be between $65 million and $70 million, including approximately $7 million related to real estate and approximately $36 million of capitalized software development. we expect the majority of the other capital spending will consist of computer equipment and software for infrastructure replacements and expansion. capital spending is expected to be funded from existing cash balances and cash flows from operations.
from time to time we engage in discussions with potential acquisition candidates. in order to pursue such opportunities, which could require significant commitments of capital, we may be required to incur debt or to issue additional potentially dilutive securities in the future. no assurance can be given as to our future acquisition opportunities and how such opportunities will be financed. we lease office facilities for use in our operations, as well as transportation and other equipment. most of our leases are non-cancelable operating lease agreements and they expire from one year to 10 years. some of these leases include options to extend for up to 10 years.
capitalization at december 31, 2021, our capitalization consisted of $1.3 billion of outstanding debt and $2.3 billion of shareholders' equity.
