item 1a risk factors the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. these risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. due to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, our past financial results may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. you should also refer to the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k, including item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
economic/political risks our business is dependent on the construction industry and is subject to economic cycles - our products are principally sold to the u.s. construction industry. because our business is dependent on spending in both the public and private sector construction markets, our profits are sensitive to the underlying national, regional, and local economic conditions. construction spending, which is cyclical, is affected by general economic conditions, changes in interest rates, demographic shifts, industry cycles, employment levels, inflation and other business, economic and financial factors that are beyond our control. a downturn in construction activities or spending in vulcan-served markets, particularly in our top revenue-generating markets, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
a pandemic, epidemic or other public health emergency, such as the ongoing coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows - our operations expose us to risks associated with pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as the covid-19 pandemic. this pandemic has resulted in governments around the world implementing or reimplementing strict measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, "shelter in place" and "stay at home" orders, travel restrictions, business curtailments, school closures, and other measures. in addition, governments and central banks in several parts of the world have enacted fiscal and monetary stimulus measures to counteract the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and may take further action as circumstances warrant.
consistent with federal guidelines and with state and local orders to date, we currently continue to operate across our footprint. notwithstanding our continued operations and an economic environment that has shown signs of improvement, the covid-19 pandemic has had and may have further negative impacts on our operations, supply chain, transportation networks and customers, which may lower our revenues and ebitda, including as a result of preventative and precautionary measures that we, other businesses and governments are taking. the covid-19 pandemic is a widespread public health crisis that is adversely affecting the economies and financial markets of many countries. any resulting economic downturn could adversely affect demand for our products and contribute to volatile supply and demand conditions affecting prices and volumes in the markets for our products and services. the progression of this matter has and may continue to negatively impact our business or results of operations by affecting the health of our employees and through the temporary closure of our operating locations or those of our customers or suppliers. the extent to which the covid-19 outbreak impacts our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows will depend on future developments, which remain highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and geographic spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact including the reimplementation of restrictions on economic activity following new outbreaks, the availability, durability and efficacy of vaccines, the long-term impacts of the virus on transportation revenues, government budgets and other funding priorities and the extent and pace at which normal economic and operating conditions can resume. there can be no assurance that we will not be impacted by adverse consequences that may be brought about by pandemics on global financial markets, which may reduce resources, share prices and financial liquidity and may severely limit the availability of financing capital.
part i changes in legal requirements and governmental policies concerning zoning, land use, environmental and other areas of the law may result in additional liabilities, a reduction in operating hours and additional capital expenditures - our operations are affected by numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those related to zoning, land use and environmental matters. despite our compliance efforts, we have an inherent risk of liability in the operation of our business. these potential liabilities could have an adverse impact on our operations and profitability. in addition, our operations require numerous governmental approvals and permits, which often require us to make significant capital and operating expenditures to comply with the applicable requirements. stricter laws and regulations, or more stringent interpretations of existing laws or regulations, may impose new liabilities, taxes or tariffs on us; reduce operating hours; require additional investment by us in pollution control equipment; create restrictions on our products; impede our access to reserves or hamper the opening of new or expansion of existing plants or facilities.
our business is dependent on the timing and amount of federal, state and local funding for infrastructure - our products are used in a variety of public infrastructure projects that are funded and financed by federal, state and local governments. in 2021, voters in local jurisdictions in arizona, georgia, texas and virginia, among others, approved bond and revenue-raising measures to provide additional resources for transportation projects. in 2020, virginia passed new long-term highway funding legislation and voters in arkansas made permanent a 1⁄2 cent gas tax increase first approved in 2012. in november 2021, the federal infrastructure investment and jobs act (iija), which included a five year road, bridge and public transportation program reauthorization at record levels, was signed into law. the highway programs, as well as funding for other aggregates-intensive public infrastructure, will provide assistance to state departments of transportation, federal, state and local agencies, and metro areas for several years to come. however, given the time to set up new federal programs, varying state and local budgetary situations and the stages of projects, we cannot be entirely assured of the existence, amount and timing of appropriations for future public infrastructure projects.
climate change and climate change legislation or regulations may adversely impact our business - a number of governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating legislative and regulatory change in response to the potential impacts of climate change. such legislation or regulation, if enacted, potentially could include provisions for a "cap and trade" system of allowances and credits or a carbon tax, among other provisions.
other potential impacts of climate change include physical impacts, such as disruption in production and product distribution due to impacts from major storm events, shifts in regional weather patterns and intensities, availability of water and potential impacts from sea level changes. there is also a potential for climate change legislation and regulation to adversely impact the cost of purchased energy and electricity. a number of our facilities are located in desert climates, and while we have not experienced any significant shortages of energy or water in the past, we cannot guarantee that we will not in the future. furthermore, public expectations for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions could result in increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, and may require us to make additional investments in facilities and equipment.
the impacts of climate change on our operations and the company overall are highly uncertain and difficult to estimate. however, climate change legislation and regulation concerning greenhouse gases could have a material adverse effect on our future financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
we are subject to various risks arising from our international business operations and relationships, which could adversely affect our business - we have international operations and are subject to both the risks of conducting international business and the requirements of the foreign corrupt practices act of 1977 (the fcpa). we face political and other risks, including legal risks for failure to comply with the fcpa, associated with our international operations, including our largest aggregates production facility located in playa del carmen, mexico and our newly acquired aggregates production facility in british columbia, canada. these risks have included and may in the future include changes in international trade policies, such as the united states - mexico - canada agreement (usmca), imposition of duties, taxes or government royalties, arbitrary changes to permits, zoning classifications or operating agreements, or overt acts by foreign governments, including expropriations and other forms of takings of property. recently, the mexican government has taken actions that adversely affect our operations in that country, including delays in issuing a historically routine three-year customs permit for our deep-water port. mexico instead issued a short-term customs permit that must be renewed after two months. while we continue to negotiate with the mexican authorities to reach an agreeable and mutually beneficial solution, failure by the mexican government to issue future customs permits or its taking of any other measures that force us to cease our operations in mexico would have an adverse effect on our ability to supply customers.
part i growth and competitive risks within our local markets, we operate in a highly competitive industry which may negatively impact prices, volumes and costs - the construction aggregates industry is highly fragmented with a large number of independent local producers in a number of our markets. additionally, in most markets, we also compete against large private and public companies, some of which are significantly vertically integrated. therefore, there is intense competition in a number of markets in which we operate. this significant competition could lead to lower prices and lower sales volumes in some markets, negatively affecting our earnings and cash flows.
the expanded use of aggregates substitutes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations - recycled concrete and asphalt are increasingly being used in a number of our markets, particularly urban markets, as a substitute for aggregates. the expanded use of recycled concrete and asphalt could cause a significant reduction in the demand for aggregates.
our long-term success depends upon securing and permitting aggregates reserves in strategically located areas. if we are unable to secure and permit such reserves it could negatively affect our future earnings - construction aggregates are bulky and heavy and, therefore, difficult to transport efficiently. because of the nature of the products, the freight costs can quickly surpass the production costs. therefore, except for geographic regions that do not possess commercially viable deposits of aggregates and are served by rail, barge or ship, the markets for our products tend to be localized around our quarry sites and are served by truck. new quarry sites often take years to develop; therefore, our strategic planning and new site development must stay ahead of actual growth. additionally, in a number of urban and suburban areas in which we operate, it is increasingly difficult to permit new sites or expand existing sites due to community resistance. therefore, our future success is dependent, in part, on our ability to accurately forecast future areas of high growth in order to locate optimal facility sites and on our ability to secure operating and environmental permits to operate at those sites.
our future growth depends in part on acquiring other businesses in our industry and successfully integrating them with our existing operations. if we are unable to integrate acquisitions successfully, it could lead to higher costs and could negatively affect our earnings - the expansion of our business is dependent in part on the acquisition of existing businesses that own or control aggregates reserves. disruptions in the availability of financing could make it more difficult to capitalize on potential acquisitions. additionally, with regard to the acquisitions we are able to complete, our future results will depend in part on our ability to successfully integrate these businesses with our existing operations.
financial/accounting risks our industry is capital intensive, resulting in significant fixed and semi-fixed costs. therefore, our earnings are highly sensitive to changes in product shipment volumes - due to the high levels of fixed capital required for extracting and producing construction aggregates, our profits are negatively affected by significant decreases in shipment volumes.
significant downturn in the construction industry may result in an impairment of our goodwill - we test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if events or circumstances change in a manner that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. while we have not identified any events or changes in circumstances since our annual impairment test on november 1, 2021 that indicate the fair value of any of our reporting units is below its carrying value, a significant downturn in the construction industry may have a material effect on the fair value of our reporting units. a significant decrease in the estimated fair value of one or more of our reporting units could result in the recognition of a material, noncash write-down of goodwill.
a deterioration in our credit ratings and/or the state of the capital markets could negatively impact the cost and/or availability of financing - we currently have $3.95 billion of debt with maturities between 2022 and 2048. we expect to finance acquisitions with a combination of cash flows from existing operations, additional debt and/or additional equity. the mix of financing sources for acquisitions will be situationally dependent.
a deterioration in our credit ratings, regardless of the cause, could limit our debt financing options and increase the cost of such debt financing. while we do not anticipate a credit ratings downgrade, and plan to manage our capital structure consistent with investment-grade credit metrics, we cannot assure our current credit ratings.
a deterioration in the state of the capital markets, regardless of our credit ratings, could impact our access to and cost of, new debt or equity capital.
part i we use estimates in accounting for a number of significant items. changes in our estimates could adversely affect our future financial results - as discussed more fully in "critical accounting policies" under item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," we use significant judgment in accounting for:
goodwill impairment
impairment of long-lived assets excluding goodwill
business combinations and purchase price allocation
pension and other postretirement benefits
environmental compliance costs
claims and litigation including self-insurance
income taxes these assumptions and estimates could change significantly in the future and could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
an increase in our effective tax rate could negatively affect our earnings and net cash provided by operating activities - factors that may increase our future effective tax rate include, but are not limited to: governmental authorities increasing statutory income tax rates or eliminating deductions or credits; the mix of jurisdictions in which our earnings are taxed; changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; the effect our stock price has with regard to excess tax benefits from share-based compensation; adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various income tax returns; the resolution of issues arising from income tax audits with various tax authorities; and the interpretation of income tax laws and/or administrative practices.
personnel risks our future success greatly depends upon attracting and retaining qualified personnel, particularly in sales and operations - a significant factor in our future profitability is our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified personnel. our success in attracting qualified personnel, particularly in the areas of sales and operations, is affected by changing demographics of the available pool of workers with the training and skills necessary to fill the available positions, the impact on the labor supply due to general economic conditions, and our ability to offer competitive compensation and benefit packages.
disputes with organized labor could disrupt our business operations - labor unions represent approximately 16% of our workforce. disputes with our trade unions, or the inability to renew our labor agreements, may lead to strikes or other actions that could disrupt our business operations leading to higher costs and/or reduced revenues.
general risk factors a significant interruption of our information technology systems (our own and that of our service providers such as amazon web services) or the loss of confidential or other sensitive data (whether our own, our employees', our suppliers', or our customers') could have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial results - we have a dedicated information security team that executes, and updates as warranted based on emerging risk and new risk management technology, our information security program. the audit committee, which has oversight responsibility for our information security program, is briefed on such program at least twice annually, and our chief financial officer is briefed on such program at least quarterly. while we have invested in the protection of our data and information technology and routinely test the security of our information systems network, we cannot be assured that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business.
weather can materially affect our operating results - almost all of our products are consumed outdoors in the public or private construction industry, and our production and distribution facilities are located outdoors. inclement weather affects both our ability to produce and distribute our products and affects our customers' short-term demand because their work also can be hampered by weather.
part i our products are transported by truck, rail, barge or ship, often by third-party providers. significant delays or increased costs affecting these transportation methods could materially affect our operations and earnings - our products are distributed either by truck to local markets or by rail, barge or oceangoing vessel to remote markets. the costs of transporting our products could be negatively affected by factors outside of our control, including rail service interruptions or rate increases, tariffs, rising fuel costs, truck/railcar/barge shortages, truck driver and rail crew shortages, capacity constraints and minimum tonnage requirements. additionally, inclement weather, including hurricanes, tornadoes and other weather events, can negatively impact our distribution network.
we use large amounts of electricity, diesel fuel, liquid asphalt and other petroleum-based resources that are subject to potential supply constraints and significant price fluctuation, which could affect our operating results and profitability - in our production and distribution processes, we consume significant amounts of electricity, diesel fuel, liquid asphalt and other petroleum-based resources. the availability and pricing of these resources are subject to market forces that are beyond our control. our suppliers contract separately for the purchase of such resources, and our sources of supply could be interrupted should our suppliers not be able to obtain these materials due to higher demand or other factors that interrupt their availability. variability in the supply and prices of these resources could materially affect our operating results from period to period, and rising costs could erode our profitability.
aggregates resources and reserves calculations are estimates only and are subject to uncertainty due to factors including the inherent variability of the deposit and recoverability of saleable material in the mining process - the calculation of mineral resources and reserves are estimates and depend upon geological interpretation and statistical inferences or assumptions drawn from drilling and sampling analysis, which may prove to be unpredictable. until mineral reserves are actually mined and processed, the quantity must be considered as an estimate only.
we are involved in a number of legal proceedings. we cannot predict the outcome of litigation and other contingencies with certainty - we are involved in several complex litigation proceedings, some arising from our previous ownership and operation of a chemicals business. although we divested the chemicals business in june 2005, we retained certain liabilities related to the business. as required by generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), we establish reserves when a loss is determined to be probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. our assessment of probability and loss estimates are based on the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of a loss contingency and could result in an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. for a description of our current significant legal proceedings see note 12 "commitments and contingencies" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
our construction paving business may subject us to contractually imposed penalties or lost profits - we operate construction paving businesses in alabama, tennessee and texas. in some instances, including many of our fixed price paving contracts, we agree to complete a project by a certain date. if we fail to complete the project as scheduled, we may be held responsible for costs resulting from the delay. consequently, the total project cost could exceed our original estimate, and we could experience reduced profits or even a loss on the project.
we are involved in certain environmental matters. we cannot predict the outcome of these contingencies with certainty - we are involved in environmental investigations and cleanups at sites that we own or owned, where we operate or have operated or where we sent materials for recycling or disposal, as well as related offsite investigations and cleanups. as required by gaap, we establish reserves when a loss is determined to be probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. our assessment of probability and loss estimates are based on the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. subsequent developments related to these matters may affect our assessment and estimates of loss contingency, and could result in an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. for a description of our current significant environmental matters see note 12 "commitments and contingencies" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
item 7
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the objective of our management's discussion and analysis is to help investors understand our operations and current business environment from the perspective of our management. the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes contained in this annual report. the following generally includes a comparison of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for 2021 and 2020. for the discussion of changes from 2019 to 2020 and other financial information related to 2019, refer to part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, of our form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020 filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 25, 2021.
executive summary financial summary for 2021 (compared to 2020)
total revenues increased $695.4 million, or 14%, to $5,552.2 million
gross profit increased $91.9 million, or 7%, to $1,373.4 million
aggregates segment sales increased $400.7 million, or 10%, to $4,345.0 million
aggregates segment freight-adjusted revenues increased $306.3 million, or 10%, to $3,313.9 million
shipments increased 7%, or 14.6 million tons, to 222.9 million tons
same-store shipments increased 5%, or 10.2 million tons, to 218.5 million tons
freight-adjusted sales price increased 3.0%, or $0.43 per ton to $14.87
same-store freight-adjusted sales price also increased 3.0% to $14.87 per ton
aggregates segment gross profit increased $136.5 million, or 12%, to $1,295.7 million
unit profitability (as measured by gross profit per ton) increased 4% to $5.81 per ton
same-store unit profitability (as measured by gross profit per ton) increased 7% to $5.95 per ton
asphalt, concrete and calcium segment gross profit decreased $44.6 million, or 36%, to $77.7 million, collectively
selling, administrative and general (sag) expenses increased 16% to $417.6 million and increased 0.1 percentage point (10 basis points) as a percentage of total revenues
operating earnings increased $115.1 million, or 13%, to $1,010.8 million
earnings attributable to vulcan from continuing operations were $5.05 per diluted share, compared to $4.41
discrete items in 2021 include:
$13.7 million of tax charges related to an increase in the alabama nol carryforward valuation allowance
pretax net gain of $114.7 million related to the sale of a reclaimed quarry in southern california
pretax charges of $1.5 million for divested operations
pretax charges of $39.0 million associated with non-routine business development
pretax charges of $13.4 million for covid-19 pandemic direct incremental costs
pretax charge of $12.1 million for pension settlement
pretax charges of $15.0 million for managerial restructuring
pretax interest charges of $9.4 million related to financing the acquisition of u.s. concrete
discrete items in 2020 include:
pretax charges of $6.9 million for divested operations
pretax charges of $7.3 million associated with non-routine business development
pretax charges of $10.2 million for covid-19 pandemic direct incremental costs
pretax charges of $22.7 million for pension settlement
pretax charges of $1.3 million for restructuring
adjusted (for the discrete pretax items noted above) earnings attributable to vulcan from continuing operations were $5.04 per diluted share, compared to $4.68 per diluted share
net earnings attributable to vulcan were $670.8 million, an increase of $86.3 million, or 15%
adjusted ebitda was $1,451.3 million, an increase of $127.8 million, or 10%
returned capital to shareholders via dividends of $196.4 million @ $1.48 per share versus $180.2 million @ $1.36 per share part ii our teams finished the year strong, despite ongoing challenges from inflationary pressures and labor constraints. we expanded our industry-leading unit profitability by continuing to focus on our operating disciplines and taking pricing actions where necessary to mitigate these headwinds. we continue to make excellent progress integrating the u.s. concrete operations into our business. this acquisition extends our growth platform in certain existing markets as well as new geographies. these results demonstrate our ability to execute on vulcan's four strategic disciplines - operational excellence, strategic sourcing, commercial excellence and logistics innovation (as outlined in item 1 "business" under the "business strategy" heading) - and enhance our operating leverage moving forward. we are well positioned to capitalize on the positive demand trends we see developing in 2022 and beyond.
as demand and the pricing environment continue to strengthen, we expect healthy growth in unit profitability again in 2022. robust growth in aggregates pricing and continued focus on operational excellence will more than offset anticipated inflationary pressures. in our asphalt business, we expect recent pricing efforts to begin to mitigate higher liquid asphalt costs and lead to gross profit margin improvement beginning in the second half of 2022. in our concrete business, improvement in private nonresidential construction activity will help drive earnings growth in 2022.
at year end 2021, total debt to adjusted ebitda was 2.7x (2.5x on a net debt basis). we remain committed to our stated long-term target leverage range of 2.0x to 2.5x total debt to adjusted ebitda.
return on invested capital was 14.2% and we remain committed to driving further improvement through solid operating earnings growth coupled with disciplined capital management.
capital allocation our balanced approach to capital allocation remains unchanged. through economic cycles we intend to balance reinvestment in our business, growth through acquisitions, and return of capital to shareholders while maintaining financial strength and flexibility evidenced by our strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit ratings. our capital allocation priorities are as follows:
1.operating capital (maintain and grow the value of our franchise)
2.growth capital (including greenfields and acquisitions)
3.dividend growth (with a keen focus on sustainability)
4.return excess cash to shareholders (primarily via share repurchases)
our first priority is to maintain and protect our valuable franchise by keeping our operations in good working order to ensure the production of high quality materials and timely delivery of goods and services to our customers. this capital requirement expands and contracts as production and shipment levels change. during 2021, we invested $281.7 million to replace or improve existing property, plant & equipment.
our second priority is to grow our franchise through internal growth projects and business acquisitions. internal growth projects have generally been among our highest returning projects. during 2021, we invested $169.6 million in internal growth projects to secure new aggregates reserves, develop new production and/or distribution sites, enhance our distribution capabilities and support the targeted growth of our asphalt and concrete operations. for business acquisitions, we tend to look for bolt-on acquisitions which are easy to integrate and will pursue large business combinations that are the right fit and the right price. during august 2021, we closed on one such large business combination (u.s. concrete) for $1,634.5 million. we use strategic and returns-based criteria to price potential acquisitions and are disciplined in our approach. we look at a lot of potential acquisitions and only make offers on a few. we closed two business acquisitions (including u.s. concrete) during 2021 for total consideration of $1,639.4 million.
our third priority is growing the dividend with a keen focus on sustainability through the economic cycle. during 2021, we paid a dividend per share of $1.48 and paid total dividends of $196.4 million.
and finally, if there is excess cash after fulfilling the prior capital allocation priorities, we will consider returning cash to shareholders via share repurchases. during 2021, we made no share repurchases.
for a detailed discussion of our acquisitions and divestitures, see note 19 "acquisitions and divestitures" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
part ii market developments and outlook we carry considerable momentum into the new year. our markets are poised to outperform other parts of the country as demand continues to improve and our industry-leading unit profitability increases with each passing quarter. we will continue to drive substantial value through the combination of our legacy business and the acquisition of u.s. concrete. residential construction remains strong, and contract awards for private nonresidential buildings are growing again. on the public side, infrastructure investment is moving forward, and we are well positioned in attractive growth markets where the need is greatest. the recently enacted infrastructure investment and jobs act is certainly a positive for our industry; it will add to existing demand as well as elongate the cycle. however, we do not expect it to have a significant impact in 2022. that said, labor shortages and supply chain disruptions are expected to continue to limit shipment growth in 2022. we expect the favorable pricing dynamics that improved throughout 2021 to be even better in 2022 and lead to attractive growth in aggregates unit profitability. growing our aggregates unit profitability consistently during the last two years of pandemic-related disruptions demonstrates the resiliency of our business and our ability to capitalize on any changes in the macro environment.
management expectations for 2022 include:
net earnings attributable to vulcan of between $800 to $890 million
adjusted ebitda of between $1,720 to $1,820 million
high single-digit growth in aggregates cash gross profit per ton ($7.43 in 2021)
total shipment growth of 5% to 7% (222.9 million tons in 2021)
freight-adjusted price increase of 6% to 8% ($14.87 per ton in 2021)
mid-single digit increase in freight-adjusted cash cost (freight-adjusted sales price less segment cash gross profit per ton; $7.44 per ton in 2021) due to higher energy-related costs (mostly diesel fuel) and continued inflationary pressures in other areas
cash gross profit of $300 to $325 million in asphalt, concrete and calcium, collectively
concrete segment expected to account for approximately 75% of the total due to a full year of results from u.s. concrete operations as well as margin improvement in our legacy operations
asphalt segment earnings improvement driven by volume growth and price improvement. higher prices for asphalt mix in the second half of 2022 are expected to reduce the earnings impact of higher liquid asphalt costs and natural gas used in production
sag expenses of $485 to $495 million, including a full year of u.s. concrete
interest expense of approximately $150 million
depreciation, depletion, accretion, and amortization expense of approximately $540 million
an effective tax rate of 21% to 22%
as previously noted, 2022 sales volumes may be affected by labor shortages and supply chain disruptions. if these constraints do continue well into 2022, it is important to remember that the work is still there; it may just proceed at a slower pace, effectively extending the recovery and allowing us the opportunity to compound our unit margins.
additionally, we expect to spend $600 million to $650 million on capital expenditures, including growth and capacity-adding projects. we will continue to review our plans and will adjust as needed, while being thoughtful about preserving liquidity.
part ii competitive advantages aggregates footprint over time, we have strategically and systematically built one of the most valuable aggregates franchises in the u.s. with a footprint that is impossible to replicate. zoning and permitting regulations have made it increasingly difficult to expand existing quarries or to develop new quarries. such regulations, while curtailing expansion, also increase the value of our reserves that were zoned and permitted decades ago.
demand for aggregates correlates positively with changes in population growth, household formation and employment. we have a coast-to-coast footprint that serves 20 of the top 25 highest-growth metropolitan statistical areas (msas) and states where 75% of u.s. population growth from 2020 to 2030 is projected to occur. as state and federal spending increases, vulcan is poised to benefit greatly from growing private and public demand for aggregates, thereby delivering significant long-term value for our shareholders.
source: woods & poole cedds 2021
based on people added from 2020 to 2030
part ii compounding improvement in profitability we have continued to deliver strong financial performance over time and through business cycles. through our aggregates-led strategy and focus on our four strategic disciplines - operational excellence, strategic sourcing, commercial excellence and logistics innovation (as outlined in item 1 "business" under the "business strategy" heading) - we have created one of the most profitable public companies in our industry as measured by aggregates gross profit per ton.
we are currently operating considerably below full capacity making us extremely well positioned to further benefit from economies of scale as markets continue to recover from the covid-19 pandemic.
safety, health and environmental performance a strategy for sustainable, long-term value creation must include doing right by your employees, your neighbors and the environment in which you operate. over our more than six decades as a public company, we have built a strong, resilient and vital business on this foundation of doing things the right way.
we are a leader in our industry in safety, health and environmental performance, with a safety record substantially better than the industry average. we apply the shared experiences, expertise and resources at each of our locally led sites, with an emphasis on taking care of one another. the result is a record of safety excellence that consistently outperforms the industry.
source: mine safety and health administration (msha) records and internal vulcan data.
*   the aggregates industry msha injury rate for 2021 was not available as of the filing of this report.
part ii we focus on our environmental stewardship programs with the same intensity that we bring to our health and safety initiatives resulting in 98.6% citation-free inspections out of all 2021 federal and state environmental inspections. as an industry leader, our aim has always been to meet - and strive to exceed - all federal, state and local environmental regulations. however, environmental sustainability means looking beyond what is required of a company by governments and regulators. we continue to make progress on reducing our carbon footprint, increasing our energy efficiency, measuring and reducing our water use, and managing our land with biodiversity in mind. it's the right thing to do for society, for our business and our stakeholders.
our environmental stewardship commitment is designed to protect plant and animal species and habitats, as well as the air we breathe, the water we use and the planet we all share. our environmental stewardship is reflected in our business strategy. in all parts of our company, from local operations to our corporate and regional offices to our international business and ocean-going shipping, we are focused on ensuring that our operations are efficient in ways that are economically and environmentally sustainable.
we lead community relations programs that serve our neighbors while ensuring that we grow and thrive in the communities where we operate. during 2021, we operated 40 certified wildlife habitat sites, the third largest number of sites in the nation, as certified by the wildlife habitat council. we provided over 175 scholarships to students nationwide and emphasized covid-19 support as well as diversity and inclusion in our community outreach and contributions.
we recognize that the aggregates mining in which we engage is an interim use of the more than 240,000 acres of land in our portfolio. our land and water assets will be converted to other valuable uses at the end of mining. effective management throughout the life cycle of our land - from pre-mining utilization as agriculture and timber development, to post-mining development as water reservoirs or residential and commercial development - not only generates significant additional value for our shareholders but greatly benefits the communities in which we operate.
strong financial foundation our financial position is strong as evidenced by our investment-grade credit ratings (fitch bbb/moody's baa2/standard & poor's bbb+). at december 31, 2021, our available liquidity was $1,175.4 million, including $241.5 million of cash on hand, significantly higher than our liquidity needs. our leverage ratio, as measured by total debt to adjusted ebitda, has improved from 6.5x at december 31, 2012 to 2.7x at december 31, 2021 (our net debt to adjusted ebitda at december 31, 2021 was 2.5x), nearly within our stated leverage target of 2.0 to 2.5x. over that same period, we also improved the structure of our debt (average maturity from 7 years to 11 years) and reduced the cost of the debt (weighted average interest rate from 7.55% to 3.68%).
part ii customer service more than an aggregates supplier, we are a business dedicated to customer service and finding creative solutions to meet our customers' needs. being a valued partner and trusted supplier means that we are providing the right product, with the right specifications, that is the right quality, delivered the right way - on time and safely. our one-vulcan, locally led approach, in which our employees work together to leverage the size and strengths of vulcan as a whole, while running their operations with a strong entrepreneurial spirit and sense of ownership, allows us to deliver market-leading services to our customers.
transportation costs are passed along to our customers, and because aggregates have a very high weight-to-value ratio, those costs can add up quickly when transporting aggregates long distances. having the most extensive distribution network of any aggregates producer sets us apart. combining our trucking, rail, barge and ocean vessel shipping logistics capabilities allows us to provide better customer solutions and create a seamless customer experience at a competitive price.
as an approximation, a truck has a capacity of 20-25 tons of aggregates; a railcar has a capacity of 4-5 truckloads; a barge has a capacity of 65 truckloads and our ocean vessels have the capacity of 2,500 truckloads.
part ii results of operations total revenues are primarily derived from our product sales of aggregates, asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete, and include freight & delivery costs that we pass along to our customers to deliver these products. we also generate service revenues from our asphalt construction paving business and services related to our aggregates business. we present separately our discontinued operations, which consists of our former chemicals business.
the following table highlights significant components of our consolidated operating results including ebitda and adjusted ebitda.
consolidated operating results highlights for the years ended december 31                                           2021             2020             2019
in millions, except unit and per share data total revenues                                                       $ 5,552.2        $ 4,856.8        $ 4,929.1
cost of revenues                                                       4,178.8          3,575.3          3,673.2
gross profit                                                         $ 1,373.4        $ 1,281.5        $ 1,255.9
gross profit margin                                                      24.7%            26.4%            25.5%
selling, administrative and general expenses (sag)                     $ 417.6          $ 359.8          $ 370.5
sag as a percentage of total revenues                                     7.5%             7.4%             7.5%
gain on sale of property, plant &amp; equipment and businesses         $ 120.1            $ 4.0           $ 23.8
operating earnings                                                   $ 1,010.8          $ 895.7          $ 877.5
interest expense                                                       $ 149.3          $ 136.0          $ 130.2
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes                $ 873.8          $ 743.8          $ 757.7
income tax expense                                                     $ 200.1          $ 155.8          $ 135.2
effective tax rate from continuing operations                            22.9%            20.9%            17.8%
earnings from continuing operations                                    $ 673.7          $ 588.0          $ 622.5
loss on discontinued operations, net of income taxes                     (3.3)            (3.5)            (4.8)
loss attributable to noncontrolling interest                               0.4              0.0              0.0
net earnings attributable to vulcan                                    $ 670.8          $ 584.5          $ 617.7
diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to vulcan continuing operations                                                   $ 5.05           $ 4.41           $ 4.67
discontinued operations                                                 (0.03)           (0.02)           (0.04)
diluted net earnings per share attributable to vulcan                   $ 5.02           $ 4.39           $ 4.63
ebitda 1                                                             $ 1,484.9        $ 1,275.0        $ 1,261.3
adjusted ebitda 1                                                    $ 1,451.3        $ 1,323.5        $ 1,270.0
average sales price and unit shipments aggregates tons (thousands)                                                       222,863          208,295          215,465
freight-adjusted sales price                                           $ 14.87          $ 14.44          $ 13.99
asphalt mix tons (thousands)                                                        11,392           11,835           12,665
average sales price                                                    $ 58.83          $ 57.97          $ 57.79
ready-mixed concrete cubic yards (thousands)                                                  5,616            2,951            3,104
average sales price                                                   $ 135.79         $ 128.93         $ 126.38
calcium tons (thousands)                                                           246              282              294
average sales price                                                    $ 28.16          $ 27.32          $ 27.85
1   non-gaap measures are defined and reconciled within this item 7 under the caption reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures.
part ii net earnings attributable to vulcan for 2021 were $670.8 million ($5.02 per diluted share) compared to $584.5 million ($4.39 per diluted share) in 2020. each year's results were impacted by discrete items, as follows:
net earnings attributable to vulcan for 2021 include:
$13.7 million of tax charges related to an increase in the alabama nol carryforward valuation allowance
pretax net gain of $114.7 million related to the sale of a reclaimed quarry in southern california
pretax charges of $1.5 million associated with divested operations
pretax charges of $39.0 million associated with non-routine business development
pretax charges of $13.4 million for covid-19 pandemic direct incremental costs
pretax charges of $12.1 million for pension settlement (see note 10 "benefit plans" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data")
pretax charges of $15.0 million for managerial restructuring (related to u.s. concrete)
pretax interest charges of $9.4 million related to financing the u.s. concrete acquisition net earnings attributable to vulcan for 2020 include:
pretax charges of $6.9 million associated with divested operations
pretax charges of $7.3 million associated with non-routine business development
pretax charges of $10.2 million for covid-19 pandemic direct incremental costs
pretax charges of $22.7 million for pension settlement (see note 10 "benefit plans" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data")
pretax charges of $1.3 million for restructuring adjusted for these discrete items, earnings attributable to vulcan from continuing operations (adjusted diluted eps) was $5.04 per diluted share for 2021 compared to $4.68 per diluted share for 2020.
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes year-over-year changes in earnings from continuing operations before income taxes are summarized below:
in millions
2019                                                                                 $ 757.7      2020   $ 743.8
higher aggregates gross profit                                                          12.6               136.5
higher (lower) asphalt gross profit                                                     12.2              (54.0)
higher concrete gross profit                                                             1.0                10.1
lower calcium gross profit                                                             (0.2)               (0.7)
lower (higher) selling, administrative and general expenses                             10.7              (57.8)
higher (lower) gain on sale of property, plant &amp; equipment and businesses         (19.8)               116.1
higher interest expense                                                                (5.8)              (13.3)
pension settlement charge                                                             (22.7)              (12.1)
u.s. concrete acquisition related expenses                                               0.0              (22.0)
all other                                                                              (1.9)                27.2
2020                                                                                 $ 743.8      2021   $ 873.8
part ii operating results by segment we present our results of operations by segment at the gross profit level. we have four operating (and reportable) segments organized around our principal product lines: (1) aggregates, (2) asphalt, (3) concrete and (4) calcium. management reviews earnings for our reporting segments principally at the gross profit level.
1. aggregates our year-over-year aggregates shipments:
increased 7% in 2021 1
decreased 3% in 2020
increased 7% in 2019
1   of the 7% increase in 2021 shipments, 2% was attributable to the august 26, 2021 acquisition of u.s. concrete.
total aggregates shipments increased 7% (5% on a same-store basis), reflecting improving demand across most end-markets.
our year-over-year freight-adjusted selling price1 for aggregates:
increased 3.0% in 2021
increased 3.2% in 2020
increased 5.6% in 2019
1   we routinely arrange the delivery of our aggregates to the customer. additionally, we incur freight costs to move aggregates from the production site to remote distribution sites. these costs are passed on to our customers in the aggregates price. we remove these pass-through freight &amp; delivery revenues (and any other aggregates-derived revenues, such as landfill tipping fees) from the freight-adjusted selling price for aggregates. see the reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures within this item 7 for a reconciliation of freight-adjusted revenues.
part ii   47
as demand visibility improved, the pricing environment continued to strengthen and the rate of pricing growth improved sequentially each quarter this year. freight-adjusted pricing increased 3.0% (same-store increased 3.0% and same-store mix-adjusted increased 3.2%) with the growth widespread across geographies.
aggregates segment sales and   aggregates gross profit and
‎freight-adjusted revenues     ‎cash gross profit in millions                    in millions aggregates unit shipments     aggregates selling price and
‎cash gross profit per ton tons, in millions             freight-adjusted average sales price per ton 1
1                                        freight-adjusted sales price is calculated as freight-adjusted revenues divided by aggregates unit shipments aggregates segment gross profit increased 12% to $1,295.7 million, or $5.81 per ton. cash gross profit per ton improved 5% from the prior year to $7.43. the earnings improvement was widespread across our footprint and resulted from both volume and price growth, as well as effective cost control. this year's results include a $10.7 million unfavorable impact from selling acquired inventory after its markup to fair value as part of the u.s. concrete acquisition and a $41.4 million unfavorable impact from significantly higher diesel fuel costs.
on a same-store basis, unit gross profit increased 7% to $5.95 per ton and cash gross profit per ton improved 5% from the prior year to $7.48. this improvement was driven by 5% same-store volume growth, 3.0% price growth and an increase in freight-adjusted cash costs of less than 1% despite a more than 50% increase in diesel fuel prices.
solid operational execution mostly offset higher costs for diesel fuel, inflation for certain parts and supplies, and operational disruptions caused by labor shortages. freight-adjusted unit cost of sales increased only 2% despite the significant increase in diesel fuel prices. positive pricing opportunities and improved operating efficiencies are expected to continue to help offset some of the cost inflation going forward.
part ii
2. asphalt our year-over-year asphalt mix shipments:
decreased 4% in 2021
decreased 7% in 2020
increased 12% in 2019
asphalt segment gross profit decreased from $75.2 million in the prior year to $21.2 million. the decrease in gross profit was primarily due to sharply higher costs for liquid asphalt ($41.2 million impact) and a rise in natural gas prices ($6.4 million impact). asphalt volumes decreased 4% from the prior year. volume growth in california, our largest asphalt market, was more than offset by lower volumes in arizona, our second largest market. efforts to mitigate the earnings impact of energy inflation will continue with positive results expected to contribute to unit profitability improvement in 2022.
asphalt segment sales   asphalt gross profit and
‎cash gross profit in millions             in millions part ii
3. concrete our year-over-year ready-mixed concrete shipments:
increased 90% in 2021 1
decreased 5% in 2020
decreased 4% in 2019
1   excluding the august 26, 2021 acquisition of u.s. concrete, ready-mixed concrete shipments decreased 7%.
concrete segment gross profit increased $10.1 million to $54.3 million. earnings contributions from the u.s. concrete operations more than offset the earnings impact from lower volumes in our legacy virginia operations. the lower volumes were due mostly to the timing of several large projects that were completed in the prior year. material margins increased in our legacy operations despite lower volumes.
concrete segment sales   concrete gross profit and
‎cash gross profit in millions              in millions
4. calcium calcium segment gross profit decreased $0.7 million from 2020 to $2.2 million.
calcium segment sales   calcium gross profit and
‎cash gross profit in millions             in millions in total, the 2021 gross profit contribution from our three non-aggregates (asphalt, concrete and calcium) segments was $77.7 million, a $44.6 million or 36% decrease from 2020.
part ii selling, administrative and general (sag) expenses in millions as a percentage of total revenues, sag expense was:
7.5% in 2021 - increased 0.10 percentage points (10 basis points)
7.4% in 2020 - decreased 0.10 percentage points (10 basis points)
7.5% in 2019 - decreased 0.10 percentage points (10 basis points)
our comparative total company employment levels at year end:
increased 26% in 2021
decreased 2% in 2020
increased 6% in 2019
the 2021 increase in our employment level was primarily the result of our august 2021 acquisition of u.s. concrete (see note 19 "acquisitions and divestitures" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data"). as noted above, 2021 sag expenses were $417.6 million or 7.5% as a percentage of total revenues, up from 7.4% in 2020. the current year includes overhead expenses associated with the u.s. concrete business that were not in the prior year. additionally, increased routine business development activities and more normalized travel expenses, due in part to integration activities, contributed to the increase. we remain focused on further leveraging our overhead cost structure.
gain on sale of property, plant & equipment and businesses in millions the 2021 gain on sale of property, plant & equipment and businesses of $120.1 million includes a net pretax gain of $114.7 from the sale of southern california real estate (previously mined land that we reclaimed for commercial and retail development). we remain focused on our efforts to maximize the value of our portfolio of quarry operations as they move through their life-cycle of land management. the 2020 gain on sale of property, plant & equipment and businesses of $4.0 million includes a net immaterial pretax loss from ready-mixed concrete divestitures. see note 19 "acquisitions and divestitures" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
part ii other operating expense, net other operating expense, which has an approximate run-rate of $12.0 million a year (exclusive of discrete items), is composed primarily of idle facilities expense, environmental remediation costs, property abandonments and gain (loss) on settlement of aros. total other operating expense and significant discrete items included in the total were:
$65.1 million in 2021 - includes discrete items as follows:
$1.5 million of charges associated with divested operations
$28.3 million of non-routine business development charges
$13.4 million of charges related to covid-19 pandemic direct incremental costs
$15.0 million of managerial restructuring charges
$30.0 million in 2020 - includes discrete items as follows:
$6.9 million of charges associated with divested operations, composed entirely of environmental liability accruals associated with previously divested properties
$7.3 million of non-routine business development charges
$10.2 million of charges related to covid-19 pandemic direct incremental costs other nonoperating income (expense), net other nonoperating income (expense) (2021 - $10.7 million, 2020 - $(17.5) million and 2019 - $9.2 million) is composed primarily of pension and postretirement benefit costs (excluding service costs), foreign currency transaction gains/losses, rabbi trust gains/losses and net earnings/losses of nonconsolidated equity method investments. additionally, during 2021 and 2020, we incurred $12.1 million and $22.7 million, respectively, of non-cash pension settlement charges - these partial settlements will benefit future expense and funding requirements (see note 10 "benefit plans" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data").
interest expense in millions interest expense was $149.3 million in 2021 compared to $136.0 million in 2020. this increase resulted primarily from an additional $9.4 million of interest expense related to financing the acquisition of u.s. concrete. see note 6 "debt" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data" for additional discussion.
part ii income taxes our income tax expense from continuing operations for the years ended december 31 is shown below:
dollars in millions                          2021   2020           2019
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes                       $ 873.8        $ 743.8        $ 757.7
income tax expense                        $ 200.1        $ 155.8        $ 135.2
effective tax rate                          22.9%          20.9%          17.8%
the $44.3 million increase in our 2021 income tax expense was primarily due to an increase in earnings from continuing operations and the increase of our alabama net operating loss (nol) valuation allowance. the $20.6 million increase in our 2020 income tax expense was primarily related to a decrease in excess tax benefits from share-based compensation and a smaller research & development tax credit.
in february 2021, the alabama business competitiveness act was signed into law. this act contained a provision requiring most taxpayers to change from a three-factor, double-weighted sales method to a single-sales factor method to apportion income to alabama. this provision had the effect of significantly reducing our apportionment of income to alabama, thereby further inhibiting our ability to utilize our alabama nol carryforward. as a result, in the first quarter of 2021, we increased the valuation allowance by $13.7 million. no other material tax impacts resulted from the enactment of this act.
see note 9 "income taxes" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
discontinued operations pretax loss from discontinued operations were:
$(4.5) million in 2021
$(4.7) million in 2020
$(6.5) million in 2019
pretax loss from discontinued operations for 2021, 2020 and 2019, resulted primarily from general and product liability costs, including legal defense costs and environmental remediation costs associated with our former chemicals business. for additional information about discontinued operations, see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data" under the caption discontinued operations.
known trends or uncertainties as described above in the executive summary, inflationary pressures and labor constraints were trends impacting our operations in 2021. although inflationary pressures can create short- to medium-term headwinds, the combination of inflation and improving visibility of demand has created and may continue to create a favorable environment for price increases. additionally, labor constraints (especially truck drivers) have caused delays and inefficiencies in our operations as well as those of our customers. if labor constraints continue and demand remains strong, our operations may proceed at a slower pace, which may effectively extend the recovery while allowing us the opportunity to compound price, control costs and grow earnings. further, recently, the mexican government has taken actions that adversely affect our operations in that country, including delays in issuing a historically routine three-year customs permit for our deep-water port. mexico instead issued a short-term customs permit that must be renewed after two months. while we continue to negotiate with the mexican authorities to reach a mutually agreeable and beneficial solution, failure by the mexican government to issue future customs permits or its taking of any other measures that force us to cease our operations in mexico would have an adverse effect on our ability to supply customers.
part ii reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures same-store we have provided certain information on a same-store basis. when discussing our financial results in comparison to prior periods, we may exclude the operating results of recently acquired/divested businesses that do not have comparable results in the periods being discussed. these recently acquired/divested businesses are disclosed in note 19 "acquisitions and divestitures" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data." this approach allows us to evaluate the performance of our operations on a comparable basis. we believe that measuring performance on a same-store basis is useful to investors because it enables evaluation of how our operations are performing period over period without the effects of acquisition and divestiture activity. our same-store information may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies.
aggregates segment freight-adjusted revenues aggregates segment freight-adjusted revenues is not a generally accepted accounting principle (gaap) measure and should not be considered as an alternative to metrics defined by gaap. we present this measure as it is consistent with the basis by which we review our operating results. we believe that this presentation is consistent with our competitors and meaningful to our investors as it excludes revenues associated with freight & delivery, which are pass-through activities. it also excludes other revenues related to services, such as landfill tipping fees, that are derived from our aggregates business. additionally, we use this metric as the basis for calculating the average sales price of our aggregates products. reconciliation of this metric to its nearest gaap measure is presented below:
in millions, except per ton data               2021             2020             2019
aggregates segment segment sales                             $ 4,345.0        $ 3,944.3        $ 3,990.3
less freight &amp; delivery revenues 1             952.1            877.0            921.1
other revenues                                 79.0             59.7             55.0
freight-adjusted revenues                 $ 3,313.9        $ 3,007.6        $ 3,014.2
unit shipments - tons                         222.9            208.3            215.5
freight-adjusted sales price                $ 14.87          $ 14.44          $ 13.99
1   at the segment level, freight &amp; delivery revenues include intersegment freight &amp; delivery (which are eliminated at the consolidated level) and freight to remote distribution sites.
part ii   54
aggregates segment incremental gross profit aggregates segment incremental gross profit flow-through rate is not a gaap measure and represents the year-over-year change in gross profit divided by the year-over-year change in segment sales excluding freight & delivery (revenues and costs). this metric should not be considered as an alternative to metrics defined by gaap. we present this metric as it is consistent with the basis by which we review our operating results. we believe that this presentation is consistent with our competitors and meaningful to our investors as it excludes revenues associated with freight & delivery, which are pass-through activities. reconciliation of this metric to its nearest gaap measure is presented below:
margin in accordance with gaap dollars in millions                         2021   2020             2019
aggregates segment gross profit                           $ 1,295.7        $ 1,159.2        $ 1,146.6
segment sales                          $ 4,345.0        $ 3,944.3        $ 3,990.3
gross profit margin                        29.8%            29.4%            28.7%
incremental gross profit margin            34.1%              n/a flow-through rate (non-gaap)
dollars in millions                                                          2021             2020
aggregates segment gross profit                                                            $ 1,295.7        $ 1,159.2
less: contribution from acquisitions (same-store)                           (4.3)              0.0
same-store gross profit                                                 $ 1,300.0        $ 1,159.2
segment sales                                                           $ 4,345.0        $ 3,944.3
less: freight &amp; delivery revenues                                       952.1            877.0
segment sales excluding freight &amp; delivery                          $ 3,392.9        $ 3,067.3
less: contribution from acquisitions (same-store)                            78.0              0.0
same-store segment sales excluding freight &amp; delivery               $ 3,314.9        $ 3,067.3
gross profit margin excluding freight &amp; delivery                        38.2%            37.8%
same-store gross profit margin excluding freight &amp; delivery             39.2%            37.8%
incremental gross profit flow-through rate                                  41.9%
same-store incremental gross profit flow-through rate                       56.9%
not applicable (n/a) due to the decrease in segment sales.
at the segment level, freight &amp; delivery revenues include intersegment freight &amp; delivery (which are eliminated at the consolidated level) and freight to remote distribution sites.
‎
part ii cash gross profit gaap does not define "cash gross profit," and it should not be considered as an alternative to earnings measures defined by gaap. we and the investment community use this metric to assess the operating performance of our business. additionally, we present this metric as we believe that it closely correlates to long-term shareholder value. we do not use this metric as a measure to allocate resources. cash gross profit adds back noncash charges for depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization to gross profit. aggregates segment cash gross profit per ton is computed by dividing aggregates segment cash gross profit by tons shipped. reconciliation of this metric to its nearest gaap measure is presented below:
in millions, except per ton data                                       2021             2020             2019
aggregates segment gross profit                                                      $ 1,295.7        $ 1,159.2        $ 1,146.6
depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization                   360.4            321.1            305.1
aggregates segment cash gross profit                              $ 1,656.1        $ 1,480.3        $ 1,451.7
unit shipments - tons                                                 222.9            208.3            215.5
aggregates segment gross profit per ton                              $ 5.81           $ 5.57           $ 5.32
aggregates segment cash gross profit per ton                         $ 7.43           $ 7.11           $ 6.74
aggregates segment (same-store)
gross profit                                                      $ 1,300.0
depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization                   334.6
aggregates segment (same-store) cash gross profit                 $ 1,634.6
unit shipments (same-store) - tons                                    218.5
aggregates segment (same-store) gross profit per ton                 $ 5.95
aggregates segment (same-store) cash gross profit per ton            $ 7.48
asphalt segment gross profit                                                         $ 21.2           $ 75.2           $ 63.0
depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization                    36.0             35.0             35.2
asphalt segment cash gross profit                                    $ 57.2          $ 110.2           $ 98.2
concrete segment gross profit                                                         $ 54.3           $ 44.2           $ 43.2
depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization                    41.5             16.0             13.6
concrete segment cash gross profit                                   $ 95.8           $ 60.2           $ 56.8
calcium segment gross profit                                                          $ 2.2            $ 2.9            $ 3.1
depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization                     0.2              0.2              0.2
calcium segment cash gross profit                                     $ 2.4            $ 3.1            $ 3.3
net debt to adjusted ebitda net debt to adjusted ebitda is not a gaap measure and should not be considered as an alternative to metrics defined by gaap. we, the investment community and credit rating agencies use this metric to assess our leverage. net debt subtracts cash and equivalents and restricted cash from total debt. reconciliation to its nearest gaap measure is presented below:
in millions                                            2021                   2020
debt current maturities of long-term debt                                  $ 5.2          $ 515.4
long-term debt                                                      3,874.8          2,772.2
total debt                                                        $ 3,880.0        $ 3,287.6
less: cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash                   241.5          1,198.0
net debt                                                          $ 3,638.5        $ 2,089.6
adjusted ebitda                                                   $ 1,451.3        $ 1,323.5
total debt to adjusted ebitda                                          2.7x             2.5x net debt to adjusted ebitda                                            2.5x             1.6x
‎
part ii ebitda and adjusted ebitda gaap does not define "earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization" (ebitda), and it should not be considered as an alternative to earnings measures defined by gaap. we use this metric to assess the operating performance of our business and as a basis for strategic planning and forecasting as we believe that it closely correlates to long-term shareholder value. we do not use this metric as a measure to allocate resources. we adjust ebitda for certain items to provide a more consistent comparison of earnings performance from period to period. reconciliation of this metric to its nearest gaap measure is presented below (numbers may not foot due to rounding):
in millions                                                      2021             2020             2019
net earnings attributable to vulcan                           $ 670.8          $ 584.5          $ 617.7
income tax expense                                              200.1            155.8            135.2
interest expense, net of interest income                        147.7            134.4            129.0
loss on discontinued operations, net of tax                       3.3              3.5              4.8
ebit                                                          1,021.9            878.2            886.7
depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization             463.0            396.8            374.6
ebitda                                                      $ 1,484.9        $ 1,275.0        $ 1,261.3
gain on sale of real estate and businesses, net             $ (114.7)            $ 0.0         $ (13.4)
property donation                                                 0.0              0.0             10.8
charges associated with divested operations                       1.5              6.9              3.0
business development                                             39.0              7.3              1.7
covid-19 direct incremental costs                                13.4             10.2              0.0
pension settlement charge                                        12.1             22.7              0.0
restructuring charges                                            15.0              1.3              6.5
adjusted ebitda                                             $ 1,451.3        $ 1,323.5        $ 1,270.0
depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization 1           463.0            396.8            374.6
adjusted ebit                                                 $ 988.3          $ 926.7          $ 895.4
represents non-routine charges or gains associated with acquisitions and dispositions. costs in 2021 include u.s. concrete acquisition related expenses of $22.0 million and the cost impact of purchase accounting inventory valuations of $10.7 million.
the 2021 costs include $5.1 million related to our covid-19 vaccination incentive program.
adjusted diluted eps attributable to vulcan from continuing operations similar to our presentation of adjusted ebitda, we present adjusted diluted earnings per share (eps) attributable to vulcan from continuing operations to provide a more consistent comparison of earnings performance from period to period. this metric is not defined by gaap and should not be considered as an alternative to earnings measures defined by gaap. reconciliation of this metric to its nearest gaap measure is presented below:
2021                                   2020          2019
diluted earnings per share net earnings attributable to vulcan                                  $ 5.02        $ 4.39        $ 4.63
less: discontinued operations                                        (0.03)        (0.02)        (0.04)
diluted eps attributable to vulcan from continuing operations        $ 5.05        $ 4.41        $ 4.67
items included in adjusted ebitda above                              (0.16)          0.27          0.03
acquisition financing interest costs                                   0.05          0.00          0.00
nol carryforward valuation allowance                                   0.10          0.00          0.00
adjusted diluted eps attributable to vulcan from continuing operations                                           $ 5.04        $ 4.68        $ 4.70
part ii   57
2022 projected ebitda the following reconciliation to the mid-point of the range of 2022 projected ebitda excludes adjustments (as noted in adjusted ebitda above) as they are difficult to forecast (timing or amount). due to the difficulty of forecasting such adjustments, we are unable to estimate their significance. this metric is not defined by gaap and should not be considered as an alternative to earnings measures defined by gaap. reconciliation of this metric to its nearest gaap measure is presented below:
2022 projected 1
in millions                                                        mid-point net earnings attributable to vulcan                                    $ 845
income tax expense                                                       235
interest expense, net of interest income                                 150
depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization                      540
projected ebitda                                                     $ 1,770
1   see the market developments and outlook section (earlier within this item 7) for the assumptions used to build this projection.
return on invested capital we define "return on invested capital" (roic) as adjusted ebitda for the trailing-twelve months divided by average invested capital (as illustrated below) during the trailing 5-quarters. our calculation of roic is considered a non-gaap financial measure because we calculate roic using the non-gaap metric ebitda. we believe that our roic metric is meaningful because it helps investors assess how effectively we are deploying our assets. although roic is a standard financial metric, numerous methods exist for calculating a company's roic. as a result, the method we use to calculate our roic may differ from the methods used by other companies. this metric is not defined by gaap and should not be considered as an alternative to earnings measures defined by gaap. reconciliation of this metric to its nearest gaap measure is presented below (numbers may not foot due to rounding):
dollars in millions                                      2021             2020             2019
adjusted editda                                     $ 1,451.3        $ 1,323.5        $ 1,270.0
average invested capital 1
property, plant &amp; equipment, net                $ 4,849.7        $ 4,374.0        $ 4,281.3
goodwill                                              3,377.6          3,170.1          3,165.7
other intangible assets                               1,382.0          1,104.0          1,084.1
fixed and intangible assets                         $ 9,609.3        $ 8,648.1        $ 8,531.1
current assets                                      $ 1,977.1        $ 1,845.7        $ 1,224.3
less: cash and cash equivalents                         687.1            698.9             93.5
less: current tax                                        32.9             18.5             12.6
adjusted current assets                               1,257.1          1,128.3          1,118.2
current liabilities                                     771.8            833.6            599.3
less: current maturities of long-term debt              112.8            305.0              0.0
less: short-term debt                                     0.0              0.0             89.7
adjusted current liabilities                            659.0            528.6            509.6
adjusted net working capital                          $ 598.1          $ 599.7          $ 608.6
average invested capital                           $ 10,207.4        $ 9,247.8        $ 9,139.7
return on invested capital                              14.2%            14.3%            13.9%
1   average invested capital is based on a trailing 5-quarters.
part ii   58
liquidity and financial resources our primary sources of liquidity are cash provided by our operating activities and a substantial, committed bank line of credit. additional sources of capital include access to the capital markets, the sale of surplus real estate, and dispositions of nonstrategic operating assets. we believe these financial resources are sufficient to fund our business requirements for 2022, including:
contractual obligations
debt service obligations
capital expenditures
potential acquisitions
dividend payments
potential share repurchases during 2022, we expect to spend between $600 million and $650 million on capital expenditures, including growth and capacity-adding projects. excluding future cash requirements for capital expenditures, our obligations to make future contractual payments as of december 31, 2021 are summarized in the table below:
note                                                              payments due by year in millions                               reference           2022        2023-2026             thereafter            total contractual obligations bank line of credit principal payments                        note 6             $ 0.0            $ 0.0                  $ 0.0            $ 0.0
interest payments and fees 1              note 6               1.7              5.1                    0.0              6.8
term debt principal payments                        note 6               5.2          1,504.2                2,440.2          3,949.6
interest payments                         note 6             140.1            509.1                1,312.9          1,962.1
operating leases 2                        note 7              65.9            190.3                  248.2            504.4
finance leases                            note 7              33.8             64.0                    0.0             97.8
mineral royalties                         note 12             26.2             65.4                  162.2            253.8
unconditional purchase obligations capital                                   note 12             18.2              0.0                    0.0             18.2
noncapital                                note 12             22.1             35.4                   10.0             67.5
benefit plans                             note 10              8.2             32.7                   46.8             87.7
total contractual obligations                              $ 321.4        $ 2,406.2              $ 4,220.3        $ 6,947.9
includes fees for unused borrowing capacity and fees for standby letters of credit. the figures for all years assume that the amount of unused borrowing capacity and the amount of standby letters of credit do not change from december 31, 2021, and borrowing costs reflect a rising libor.
the above table excludes lease renewal options which are included in the table labeled maturity of lease liabilities in note 7 "leases" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
noncapital unconditional purchase obligations relate primarily to transportation and electricity contracts.
payments in "thereafter" column for benefit plans are for the years 2027-2031. the future contributions are based on current economic conditions and may vary based on future interest rates, asset performance, participant longevity and other plan experience.
the above table excludes discounted asset retirement obligations in the amount of $315.2 million at december 31, 2021, the majority of which have an estimated settlement date beyond 2026 (see note 17 "asset retirement obligations" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data").
as of december 31, 2021, we were contingently liable for $860.2 million within 558 surety bonds underwritten by various surety companies. these bonds guarantee our performance and are required primarily by states and municipalities and their related agencies. the top five in amount totaled $206.0 million (24%) and were for certain construction contracts and part ii   59
reclamation obligations. we have agreed to indemnify the underwriting companies against any exposure under the surety bonds. no material claims have been made against our surety bonds.
we have no material off-balance sheet arrangements, such as financing or unconsolidated variable interest entities.
our balanced approach to capital deployment remains unchanged. we intend to balance reinvestment in our business, growth through acquisitions and return of capital to shareholders, while sustaining financial strength and flexibility.
we actively manage our capital structure and resources in order to balance the cost of capital and the risk of financial stress. we seek to meet these objectives by adhering to the following principles:
maintain substantial bank line of credit borrowing capacity
proactively manage our debt maturity schedule such that repayment/refinancing risk in any single year is low
maintain an appropriate balance of fixed-rate and floating-rate debt
minimize financial and other covenants that limit our operating and financial flexibility as the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the economy and our operations evolves, we will continue to assess our liquidity sources and needs and take appropriate actions.
cash included in our december 31, 2021 cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash balances of $241.5 million is $6.5 million of restricted cash (see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data" under the caption restricted cash).
cash from operating activities in millions net cash provided by operating activities is derived primarily from net earnings before noncash deductions for depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization.
in millions                                             2021             2020           2019
net earnings                                         $ 670.4          $ 584.5        $ 617.7
depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization (dda&amp;a)                           463.0            396.8          374.6
noncash operating lease expense                         49.0             38.3           35.3
net gain on sale of pp&amp;e and businesses          (120.1)            (4.0)         (23.8)
contributions to pension plans                         (8.0)            (8.8)          (8.9)
deferred tax expense                                    66.8             62.0           76.0
other operating cash flows, net 1                    (109.2)              1.6         (86.8)
net cash provided by operating activities          $ 1,011.9        $ 1,070.4        $ 984.1
1   primarily reflects changes to working capital balances.
2021 versus 2020 - net cash provided by operating activities was $1,011.9 million during 2021, a $58.5 million decrease compared to 2020. this decrease primarily resulted from a net increase in working capital compared to the prior year period.
part ii days sales outstanding, a measurement of the time it takes to collect receivables, were 47.6 days at december 31, 2021 compared to 44.9 days at december 31, 2020. additionally, our over 90 day balance of $46.0 million at december 31, 2021 was up significantly from $15.5 million at december 31, 2020. excluding customer receivables from the recent u.s. concrete acquisition, both days sales outstanding (44.4 days) and over 90 day balances ($8.5 million) were favorable compared to the prior year. all customer accounts are actively managed and no losses in excess of amounts reserved are currently expected.
cash from investing activities in millions
2021 versus 2020 - net cash used for investing activities was $1,874.1 million during 2021, a $1,492.6 million increase compared to 2020. during 2021, we invested $451.3 million in our existing operations, an $89.1 million increase compared to 2020. of this $451.3 million, $169.6 million was invested in internal growth projects to enhance our distribution capabilities, develop new production sites and enhance existing production facilities and other growth opportunities. proceeds from the sale of property, plant & equipment were up $205.0 million from 2020 primarily reflecting the sale of reclaimed real estate in southern california. additionally, during 2021 we acquired businesses for $1,639.4 million of cash consideration (including $1,634.5 million for u.s. concrete) as compared to $43.2 million of cash consideration for businesses in 2020 (see note 19 "acquisitions and divestitures" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data").
cash from financing activities in millions
2021 versus 2020 - net cash used for financing activities in 2021 was $94.3 million, compared to $234.6 million provided in 2020. the 2021 activities include: a) cash paid to retire the $500.0 million floating rate notes due march 2021, b) $13.3 million of financing costs for a new bridge facility and delayed draw term loan facility (see note 6 "debt" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data"), c) initial proceeds of $1,600.0 million from the august draw on the delayed draw term loan facility, d) the subsequent pay down of $500.0 million on the delayed draw term loan facility, and e) $434.5 million of cash paid in september to retire u.s. concrete's outstanding notes assumed in the acquisition. the 2020 activity includes: a) net cash proceeds of $734.6 million for the issuance of new debt, b) cash paid to retire the $250.0 million floating rate notes due 2020 and c) $19.9 million of cash paid to settle interest rate derivatives.
additionally, capital returned to our shareholders decreased by $9.9 million as higher dividends of $16.2 million ($1.48 per share compared to $1.36 per share) were offset by lower share repurchases of $26.1 million (no shares repurchased compared to 214,338 shares @ $121.92 per share).
part ii debt certain debt measures as of december 31 are outlined below:
dollars in millions                                               2021             2020
debt current maturities of long-term debt                             $ 5.2          $ 515.4
short-term debt                                                    0.0              0.0
long-term debt                                                 3,874.8          2,772.2
total debt                                                   $ 3,880.0        $ 3,287.6
capital total debt                                                   $ 3,880.0        $ 3,287.6
total equity                                                   6,567.7          6,027.3
total capital                                               $ 10,447.7        $ 9,314.9
total debt as a percentage of total capital                      37.1%            35.3%
weighted-average effective interest rates delayed draw term loan 1                                         1.00%              n/a line of credit 1                                                1.125%            1.25%
term debt                                                        4.63%            4.10%
fixed versus floating interest rate debt fixed-rate debt                                                  72.1%            85.1%
floating-rate debt                                               27.9%            14.9%
1   reflects the margin above libor for libor-based borrowings; we also paid upfront fees that are amortized to interest expense and pay fees for unused borrowing capacity and standby letters of credit.
at december 31, 2021, total debt to 2021 adjusted ebitda was 2.7 times or 2.5 times on a net debt basis reflecting $241.5 million of cash on hand. our weighted-average debt maturity was 11.3 years, and the effective weighted-average interest rate was 3.68%.
bridge facility, delayed draw term loan and line of credit in june 2021, concurrent with the announcement of the pending acquisition of u.s. concrete (see note 19 "acquisitions and divestitures" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data" for additional information), we obtained a $2,200.0 million bridge facility commitment from truist bank. later, in june 2021, we entered into a $1,600.0 million delayed draw term loan with a subset of the banks that provide our line of credit and terminated the bridge facility commitment. the delayed draw term loan was drawn in august 2021 for $1,600.0 million in connection with the acquisition of u.s. concrete and was paid down to $1,100.0 million in september 2021. amounts repaid are no longer available for borrowing and any outstanding borrowings are due august 2024. the delayed draw term loan contains covenants customary for an unsecured investment-grade facility and mirror those in our line of credit. as of december 31, 2021, we were in compliance with the delayed draw term loan covenants. borrowings, cost ranges and other details are described in note 6 "debt" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data." financing costs for the bridge facility commitment and the delayed draw term loan facility totaled $13.3 million, $9.4 million of which was recognized as interest expense in 2021.
in september 2020, we executed a new five-year unsecured line of credit of $1,000.0 million, incurring $4.6 million of deferred transaction costs. covenants, borrowings, cost ranges and other details are described in note 6 "debt" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data." as of december 31, 2021, we were in compliance with the line of credit covenants, the credit margin for libor borrowings was 1.125%, the credit margin for base rate borrowings was 0.125%, and the commitment fee for the unused portion was 0.100%.
as of december 31, 2021, our available borrowing capacity under the line of credit was $940.4 million. utilization of the borrowing capacity was as follows:
none was borrowed
$59.6 million was used to provide support for outstanding standby letters of credit part ii term debt essentially all of our $3,949.6 million (face value) of term debt (which includes the $1,100.0 million delayed draw term loan) is unsecured. $2,840.2 million of such debt is governed by two essentially identical indentures that contain customary investment-grade type covenants. as of december 31, 2021, we were in compliance with all term debt covenants.
in august 2021, we assumed $434.5 million (fair value) of senior notes due 2029 in connection with the acquisition of u.s. concrete and retired these notes in september 2021.
in may 2020, we issued $750.0 million of 3.50% senior notes due 2030. total proceeds were $741.4 million (net of discounts and transaction costs). $250.0 million of the proceeds were used to retire the $250.0 million floating rate notes due june 2020. the remainder of the proceeds, together with cash on hand, was used to retire the $500.0 million floating rate notes due in march 2021.
for additional information regarding term debt, see note 6 "debt" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
debt payments and maturities scheduled debt payments during 2021 included the aforementioned $500.0 million to retire the floating rate notes due in march, $9.4 million in july and $6.0 million in october. scheduled debt payments during 2020 were $250.0 million in june.
as of december 31, 2021, maturities for the next four quarters and for the next five years are as follows (excluding any borrowings on the line of credit):
2022                                                        debt in millions      debt maturities        in millions   maturities first quarter              $ 2.3               2022        $ 5.2
second quarter               1.1               2023          2.3
third quarter                1.2               2024      1,100.9
fourth quarter               0.6               2025        400.5
2026          0.5
for additional information regarding debt payments and maturities, see note 6 "debt" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
debt ratings our debt ratings and outlooks as of december 31, 2021 are as follows:
rating/outlook              date   description senior unsecured term debt fitch                           bbb/stable             2/22/2021   rating revised moody's                         baa2/stable            11/9/2020   rating revised standard &amp; poor's           bbb+/stable            2/28/2020   rating revised libor transition the london interbank offered rate (libor), historically quoted in five currencies (including u.s. dollar) and seven tenors (from overnight to 12 months), is used extensively globally as a reference rate for financial contracts (e.g., corporate bonds and loans) and commercial contracts (e.g., real estate leases). in july 2017, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority (fca), which regulates libor, announced its intention to cease publishing libor at year end 2021. in march 2021, fca and ice benchmark administration (iba), the administrator of libor, announced that publication of libor would cease at year end 2021, except for u.s. dollar libor in five tenors that will be published through june 2023.
part ii the expected discontinuation of libor led to the formation of working groups in the u.s. and elsewhere to recommend alternative reference rates. the u.s. working group is the alternative reference rates committee (arrc) convened by the federal reserve board and the federal reserve bank of new york. the arrc has selected the secured overnight financing rate (sofr) as the preferred alternative to libor and helped establish standard language for credit agreements to address the pending change from libor to sofr (transition language). the transition language includes credit spread adjustment language intended to, based on the historical relationship of 1- month libor and sofr, make the transition indifferent to both lenders and borrowers.
as of december 31, 2021, we had two material debt instruments with libor as a reference rate: 1) our $1,000.0 million line of credit ($0.0 million outstanding) and 2) our delayed draw term loan facility ($1,100.0 million outstanding). these two instruments contain the transition language, and we expect our borrowing costs to change immaterially when these two instruments move from libor to sofr.
equity the number of our common stock issuances and purchases are as follows:
in millions                                2021         2020      2019
common stock shares at january 1, issued and outstanding                    132.5        132.4     131.8
common stock issuances share-based compensation plans              0.2          0.3       0.6
common stock purchases purchased and retired                       0.0        (0.2)       0.0
common stock shares at december 31, issued and outstanding                    132.7        132.5     132.4
as of december 31, 2021, there were 8,064,851 shares remaining under the february 2017 authorization by our board of directors. depending upon market, business, legal and other conditions, we may purchase shares from time to time through the open market (including plans designed to comply with rule 10b5-1 of the securities exchange act of 1934) and/or privately negotiated transactions. the authorization has no time limit, does not obligate us to purchase any specific number of shares, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.
the detail of our common stock purchases (all of which were open market purchases) are as follows:
in millions, except average cost         2021            2020            2019
shares purchased and retired number                                    0.0             0.2             0.0
total purchase price                    $ 0.0          $ 26.1           $ 2.6
average cost per share                 $ 0.00        $ 121.92        $ 139.90
there were no shares held in treasury as of december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
standby letters of credit for a discussion of our standby letters of credit see note 6 "debt" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
part ii critical accounting policies we follow certain significant accounting policies when preparing our consolidated financial statements. a summary of these policies is included in note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
we prepare these financial statements to conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. these principles require us to make estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosures of contingent assets and contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements. we base our estimates on historical experience, current conditions and various other assumptions we believe reasonable under existing circumstances and evaluate these estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. the results of these estimates form the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities as well as identifying and assessing the accounting treatment with respect to commitments and contingencies. our actual results may materially differ from these estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies require the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:
1.goodwill impairment
2.impairment of long-lived assets excluding goodwill
3.business combinations and purchase price allocation
4.pension and other postretirement benefits
5.environmental compliance costs
6.claims and litigation including self-insurance
7.income taxes
1. goodwill impairment goodwill represents the excess of the cost of net assets acquired in business combinations over the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. goodwill impairment exists when the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. the impairment evaluation is a critical accounting policy because goodwill is material to our total assets (as of december 31, 2021, goodwill represents 27% of total assets), and the evaluation involves the use of significant estimates, assumptions and judgment.
how we test goodwill for impairment goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, one level below our operating segments. we have identified 19 reporting units (of which 11 carry goodwill) based primarily on geographic location. we have the option of either assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the carrying value of our reporting units exceeds their respective fair value or proceeding directly to a quantitative test. we elected to perform the quantitative impairment test for all years presented.
the quantitative impairment test compares the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value exceeds its carrying value, the goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered impaired. however, if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we recognize an impairment loss equal to that excess.
how we determine carrying value and fair value we determine the carrying value of each reporting unit by assigning assets and liabilities, including goodwill, to those units as of the measurement date. we estimate the fair values of the reporting units using both an income approach (which involves discounting estimated future cash flows) and a market approach (which involves the application of revenue and ebitda multiples of comparable companies). we consider market factors when determining the assumptions and estimates used in our valuation models. finally, to assess the reasonableness of the reporting unit fair values, we compare the total of the reporting unit fair values to our market capitalization.
part ii our fair value assumptions we base our fair value estimates on market participant assumptions we believe to be reasonable at the time, but such assumptions are subject to inherent uncertainty and actual results may differ. changes in key assumptions or management judgment with respect to a reporting unit or its prospects may result from a change in market conditions, market trends, interest rates or other factors outside of our control, or underperformance relative to historical or projected operating results. these conditions could result in a significantly different estimate of the fair value of our reporting units, which could result in an impairment charge in the future.
the significant assumptions in our discounted cash flow models include our estimate of future profitability, capital requirements and the discount rate. the profitability estimates used in the models were derived from internal operating budgets and forecasts for long-term demand and pricing in our industry. estimated capital requirements reflect replacement capital estimated on a per ton basis and, if applicable, acquisition capital necessary to support growth estimated in the models. the discount rate was derived using a capital asset pricing model.
results of our impairment tests the results of our annual impairment tests for 2019 through 2021 indicated that the fair values of all reporting units with goodwill substantially exceeded (in excess of 100%) their carrying values. allocation of the purchase price for the u.s. concrete acquisition (see note 19 "acquisitions and divestitures" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data") has not been finalized and therefore these operations were excluded from our goodwill impairment tests.
for additional information about goodwill, see note 18 "goodwill and intangible assets" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
2. impairment of long-lived assets excluding goodwill we evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets, including intangible assets subject to amortization, when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. the impairment evaluation is a critical accounting policy because long-lived assets are material to our total assets (as of december 31, 2021, net property, plant & equipment represents 41% of total assets, while net other intangible assets represents 13% of total assets), and the evaluation involves the use of significant estimates, assumptions and judgment. the carrying value of long-lived assets is considered impaired when the estimated undiscounted cash flows from such assets are less than their carrying value. in that event, we recognize a loss equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value.
fair value is estimated primarily by using a discounted cash flow methodology that requires considerable judgment and assumptions. our estimate of net future cash flows is based on historical experience and assumptions of future trends, which may be different from actual results. we periodically review the appropriateness of the estimated useful lives of our long-lived assets.
we test long-lived assets for impairment at the a significantly lower level than the level at which we test goodwill for impairment. in markets where we do not produce downstream products (e.g., asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete), the lowest level of largely independent identifiable cash flows is at the individual aggregates operation or a group of aggregates operations collectively serving a local market. conversely, in vertically integrated markets, the cash flows of our downstream and upstream businesses are not largely independently identifiable as the selling price of the upstream products (aggregates) impacts the profitability of the downstream business.
during 2021, 2020 and 2019, we recorded no material losses on impairment of long-lived assets.
part ii we maintain certain long-lived assets that are not currently being used in our operations. these assets totaled $516.2 million at december 31, 2021, representing an 11% increase from december 31, 2020. of the total $516.2 million, approximately 40% relates to real estate held for future development and expansion of our operations. in addition, approximately 15% is comprised of real estate (principally former mining sites) pending development as commercial or residential real estate, reservoirs or landfills. the remaining 45% is composed of aggregates, asphalt and concrete operating assets idled temporarily. we evaluate the useful lives and the recoverability of these assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable.
for additional information about long-lived assets and intangible assets, see note 4 "property, plant & equipment" and note 18 "goodwill and intangible assets" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
3. business combinations and purchase price allocation our strategic long-term plans include potential investments in value-added acquisitions of related or similar businesses. when an acquisition is completed, our consolidated statements of comprehensive income includes the operating results of the acquired business starting from the date of acquisition, which is the date that control is obtained.
how we determine and allocate the purchase price the purchase price is determined based on the fair value of consideration transferred to and liabilities assumed from the seller as of the date of acquisition. we allocate the purchase price to the fair values of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition. goodwill is recorded for the excess of the purchase price over the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. the purchase price allocation is a critical accounting policy because the estimation of fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities is judgmental and requires various assumptions. additionally, the amounts assigned to depreciable and amortizable assets compared to amounts assigned to goodwill, which is not amortized, can significantly affect our results of operations.
fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction and therefore represents an exit price. a fair value measurement assumes the highest and best use of the asset by market participants. the fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels as described below:
level 1: quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities‎level 2: inputs that are derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data‎level 3: inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement level 1 fair values are used to value investments in publicly-traded entities and assumed obligations for publicly-traded long-term debt.
level 2 fair values are typically used to value acquired machinery and equipment, land, buildings, and assumed liabilities for asset retirement obligations, environmental remediation and compliance obligations. additionally, level 2 fair values are typically used to value assumed contracts at other-than-market rates.
level 3 fair values are used to value acquired mineral reserves as well as leased mineral interests (referred to in our financial statements as contractual rights in place) and other identifiable intangible assets. we determine the fair values of owned mineral reserves and leased mineral interests using a lost profits approach and/or an excess earnings approach. these valuation techniques require management to estimate future cash flows. the estimate of future cash flows is based on available historical information and future expectations and assumptions determined by management, but is inherently uncertain. key assumptions in estimating future cash flows include sales price, shipment volumes, production costs and capital needs. the present value of the projected net cash flows represents the fair value assigned to mineral reserves and mineral interests. the discount rate is a significant assumption used in the valuation model and is based on the required rate of return that a hypothetical market participant would assume if purchasing the acquired business, with an adjustment for the risk of these assets not generating the projected cash flows.
part ii other identifiable intangible assets may include, but are not limited to, noncompetition agreements. the fair values of these assets are typically determined by an excess earnings method, a replacement cost method or a market approach.
measurement period adjustments we may adjust the amounts recognized in an acquisition during a measurement period after the acquisition date. any such adjustments are the result of subsequently obtaining additional information that existed at the acquisition date regarding the assets acquired or the liabilities assumed. measurement period adjustments are generally recorded as increases or decreases to goodwill, if any, recognized in the transaction. the cumulative impact of measurement period adjustments on depreciation, amortization and other income statement items are recognized in the period the adjustment is determined. the measurement period ends once we have obtained all necessary information that existed as of the acquisition date, but does not extend beyond one year from the date of acquisition. any adjustments to assets acquired or liabilities assumed beyond the measurement period are recorded through earnings.
4. pension and other postretirement benefits accounting for pension and other postretirement benefits requires that we use assumptions for the valuation of projected benefit obligations (pbo) and the performance of plan assets. each year, we review our assumptions for discount rates (used for pbo, service cost, and interest cost calculations) and the expected return on plan assets. due to plan changes made in 2013, annual pay increases do not materially impact plan obligations.
discount rates - we use a high-quality bond full yield curve approach (specific spot rates for each annual expected cash flow) to establish the discount rates at each measurement date.
expected return on plan assets - our expected return on plan assets is: (1) a long-term view based on our current asset allocation, and (2) a judgment informed by consultation with our retirement plans' consultant and our pension plans' actuary.
rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered healthcare benefits - we project the expected increases in the cost of covered healthcare benefits.
see note 10 "benefit plans" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data" for the discount rates used for pbo, service cost, and interest cost calculations; the expected return on plan assets; and the rate of increase in the per capita cost of healthcare benefits.
changes to the assumptions listed above would have an impact on the pbo and the annual net benefit cost. the following table reflects the favorable and unfavorable outcomes associated with a change in certain assumptions:
(favorable) unfavorable
0.5 percentage point increase                                           0.5 percentage point decrease inc (dec) in                                inc (dec) in                inc (dec) in                                inc (dec) in in millions                      benefit obligation                   annual benefit cost                benefit obligation                   annual benefit cost actuarial assumptions discount rates pension                          $ (51.1)                                           $ 0.0                $ 56.3                                             $ 0.7
other postretirement benefits    (1.7)                                              (0.1)           1.9                                                       0.1
expected return on plan assets   not applicable                                     (4.2)                not applicable                                       4.2
as of the december 31, 2021 measurement date, the fair value of our pension plan assets decreased from $944.3 million for the prior year-end to $860.5 million due primarily to the purchase of an irrevocable group annuity contract from an insurance company (annuity lift-out), partially offset by favorable market performance. our postretirement plans are unfunded.
the discount rate is the weighted-average of the spot rates for each cash flow on the yield curve for high-quality bonds as of the measurement date. as of the december 31, 2021 measurement date, the pbo of our pension plans decreased from $1,059.5 million to $915.5 million. this decrease was primarily due to an increase in discount rates for the plans (approximately 0.3 to 0.6 percentage points) and the annuity lift-out. the pbo of our postretirement plans increased from $33.9 million to $46.0 million. this increase was primarily due to a change in plan design. effective october 1, 2021, the retiree medical plans were updated for non-grandfathered participants to provide a subsidy equal to 70% of the gold ppo premium.
part ii during 2022, we expect to recognize net pension expense of $1.9 million and net postretirement expense of $1.3 million compared to expense of $3.1 million (which includes a $12.1 million settlement charge) and income of $1.2 million, respectively, in 2021. excluding the settlement charge, the expected increase in pension expense is primarily due to a reduction in the long-term return on asset assumption from 5.25% to 4.00%. the increase in postretirement expense is primarily due to increased benefits for non-grandfathered participants as described above.
we do not anticipate that contributions to the funded pension plans will be required during 2022, and we do not anticipate making a discretionary contribution. we currently do not anticipate that the funded status of any of our plans will fall below statutory thresholds requiring accelerated funding or constraints on benefit levels or plan administration.
for additional information about pension and other postretirement benefits, see note 10 "benefit plans" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
5. environmental compliance costs our environmental compliance costs include the cost of ongoing monitoring programs, the cost of remediation efforts and other similar costs. our accounting policy for environmental compliance costs is a critical accounting policy because it involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions and requires considerable management judgment.
how we account for environmental costs to account for environmental costs, we:
expense or capitalize environmental costs consistent with our capitalization policy
expense costs for an existing condition caused by past operations that do not contribute to future revenues
accrue costs for environmental assessment and remediation efforts when we determine that a liability is probable and we can reasonably estimate the cost at the early stages of a remediation effort, environmental remediation liabilities are not easily quantified due to the uncertainties of various factors. the range of an estimated remediation liability is defined and redefined as events in the remediation effort occur, but generally liabilities are recognized no later than completion of the remedial feasibility study. when we can estimate a range of probable loss, we accrue the most likely amount. if no amount in the range of probable loss is considered most likely, the minimum loss in the range is accrued. as of december 31, 2021, the difference between the amount accrued and the maximum loss in the range for all sites for which a range can be reasonably estimated was $3.1 million - this amount does not represent our maximum exposure to loss for all environmental remediation obligations as it excludes those sites for which a range of loss cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. our environmental remediation obligations are recorded on an undiscounted basis.
accrual amounts may be based on technical cost estimations or the professional judgment of experienced environmental managers. our safety, health and environmental affairs management committee routinely reviews cost estimates and key assumptions in response to new information, such as the kinds and quantities of hazardous substances, available technologies and changes to the parties participating in the remediation efforts. however, a number of factors, including adverse agency rulings and unanticipated conditions as remediation efforts progress, may cause actual results to differ materially from accrued costs.
for additional information about environmental compliance costs, see note 8 "accrued environmental remediation costs" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
part ii
6. claims and litigation including self-insurance we are involved with claims and litigation, including items covered under our self-insurance program. we are self-insured for losses related to workers' compensation up to $2.0 million per occurrence and automotive and general/product liability up to $10.0 million per occurrence. we have excess coverage on a per occurrence basis beyond these retention levels.
under our self-insurance program, we aggregate certain claims and litigation costs that are reasonably predictable based on our historical loss experience and accrue losses, including future legal defense costs, based on actuarial studies. certain claims and litigation costs, due to their unique nature, are not included in our actuarial studies. for matters not included in our actuarial studies, legal defense costs are accrued when incurred.
our accounting policy for claims and litigation including self-insurance is a critical accounting policy because it involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions and requires considerable management judgment.
how we assess the probability of loss we use both internal and outside legal counsel to assess the probability of loss, and we establish an accrual when the claims and litigation represent a probable loss and the cost can be reasonably estimated. significant judgment is used in determining the timing and amount of the accruals for probable losses, and the actual liability could differ materially from the accrued amounts.
for additional information about claims and litigation including self-insurance, see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data" under the caption claims and litigation including self-insurance.
7. income taxes valuation of our deferred tax assets we file federal, state and foreign income tax returns and account for the current and deferred tax effects of such returns using the asset and liability method. we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities (which reflect our best assessment of the future taxes we will pay) based on the differences between the book basis and tax basis of assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets represent items to be used as a tax deduction or credit in future tax returns while deferred tax liabilities represent items that will result in additional tax in future tax returns.
significant judgments and estimates are required in determining our deferred tax assets and liabilities. these estimates are updated throughout the year to consider income tax return filings, our geographic mix of earnings, legislative changes and other relevant items. we are required to account for the effects of changes in income tax rates on deferred tax balances in the period in which the legislation is enacted.
each quarter we analyze the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be realized. realization of the deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character in either the carryback or carryforward period. a valuation allowance is recorded if, based on the weight of all available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not (a likelihood of more than 50%) that some portion, or all, of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. a summary of our deferred tax assets is included in note 9 "income taxes" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
part ii liability for unrecognized tax benefits we recognize a tax benefit associated with a tax position when we judge it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained based upon the technical merits of the position. for a tax position that meets the more likely than not recognition threshold, we measure the income tax benefit as the largest amount that we judge to have a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized. a liability is established for the unrecognized portion of any tax position. our liability for unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted periodically due to changing circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, case law developments and new or emerging legislation.
generally, we are not subject to significant changes in income taxes by any taxing jurisdiction for the years before 2018. while it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter, we believe our liability for unrecognized tax benefits is appropriate.
we consider a tax position to be resolved at the earlier of the issue being "effectively settled," settlement of an examination, or the expiration of the statute of limitations. upon resolution of a tax position, any liability for unrecognized tax benefits will be released.
our liability for unrecognized tax benefits is generally presented as noncurrent. however, if we anticipate paying cash within one year to settle an uncertain tax position, the liability is presented as current. we classify interest and penalties associated with our liability for unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense.
new accounting standards for a discussion of accounting standards recently adopted or pending adoption and the effect such accounting changes will have on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity, see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" in item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data" under the caption new accounting standards.
forward-looking statements the foregoing discussion and analysis, as well as certain information contained elsewhere in this annual report, contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created thereby. see the discussion in safe harbor statement under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 in part i, above.
‎
part ii
