item 1a: risk factors the company is subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the following:
risks related to the coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic the adverse effects of the continuing covid-19 pandemic and an indeterminate recovery period has negatively affected the company's business and operations, and may continue to negatively impact the company's business and operations, the nature and extent of such impact is highly uncertain.
the impact of the global covid-19 pandemic over the last two years has resulted in a widespread public health crisis. the covid-19 pandemic has caused significant volatility and continued spread throughout the united states and globally, which has disrupted and may continue to disrupt the company's business. the company operates in over 35 countries, including those in the regions most impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. in response, governments of most countries, including the united states, as well as private businesses, have implemented numerous measures attempting to contain and mitigate the effects of covid-19. such measures have had and are expected to continue to have adverse impacts on the united states and foreign economies of uncertain severity and duration, and have had and may continue to have a negative impact on the company's operations, including company sales, supply chain and cash flow.
the covid-19 pandemic has and may continue to have a significant impact on our supply chain if our manufacturing facilities or those of third parties to whom we outsource certain manufacturing processes, the distribution centers where our inventory is managed or the operations of our logistics and other service providers are disrupted, temporarily closed or experience worker shortages. the current logistic and supply chain issues being experienced throughout the world have made it more difficult for us to manage our operations and as such we cannot provide any assurances that any further disruptions in the logistics and supply chains will not have a material impact on our future financial results and cashflows. we have and may continue to have disruptions or delays in shipments of certain materials or components of our products.
in addition, in the event of a sustained downturn in customer demand or other economic conditions due to the covid-19 pandemic could result in material charges related to bad debt or inventory write-offs, restructuring charges, or impairments of long-lived assets, including both tangible and intangible assets. furthermore, such a sustained downturn in financial markets and asset values could adversely affect the company's cost of capital, liquidity and access to capital markets.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused the company to take measures to modify its business practices. we have invested in maintaining safe work environments for our employees by, among other things, adding work from home flexibility, adjusting attendance policies to encourage those who are sick to stay at home, increasing cleaning protocols across all work locations, initiating regular communications regarding the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, establishing new physical distancing and safety procedures for employees, modifying workplaces as appropriate and implementing protocols to address actual and suspected covid-19 cases and potential exposure. further, the company has modified policies regarding employee travel and physical participation in meetings, events and conferences. the company may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that the company determines are in the best interests of, among others, its employees, customers, distributors and suppliers. the company's change in business practices may result in the company experiencing lower workforce efficiency and productivity. in addition, as company employees work from home
16
and access the company's systems remotely, the company may be subject to heightened security risks, including the risks of cyber-attacks. although we are in re-opening processes for our corporate and other facilities, such processes may face future closure requirements. there is no certainty that the company measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by covid-19, and the company's ability to perform critical functions could be adversely impacted. furthermore, the company's business could be adversely affected if any of the company's key management employees are unable to perform their duties for a period of time, including as a result of illness.
the degree to which covid-19 ultimately affects the company's business, financial results and operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, including the effect of the emergence of variants of the virus, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, the availability, distribution, acceptance and efficacy of a vaccine, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume.
risks related to macroeconomic conditions the company's international operations may be negatively affected by political events, wars or terrorism and regulatory changes, related to either a specific country or a larger region. these potential political, currency and economic disruptions, as well as foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
approximately 72% and 71% of the company's net sales in 2021 and 2020, respectively, were outside of the united states and were primarily denominated in foreign currencies. in addition, the company has considerable manufacturing operations in ireland and the u.k., as well as significant subcontractors located in singapore. as a result, a significant portion of the company's sales and operations are subject to certain risks, including adverse developments in the political, regulatory and economic environment, in particular, uncertainty regarding possible changes to foreign and domestic trade policy; the effect of the u.k.'s exit from the european union as well as the financial difficulties and debt burden experienced by a number of european countries; the instability and potential impact of war or terrorism; the instability and possible dissolution of the euro as a single currency; sudden movements in a country's foreign exchange rates due to a change in a country's sovereign risk profile or foreign exchange regulatory practices; tariffs and other trade barriers; the impact of global health pandemics and epidemics, such as covid-19; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; and associated adverse operational, contractual and tax consequences.
additionally, the u.s. dollar value of the company's net sales, cost of sales, operating expenses, interest, taxes and net income varies with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. significant increases or decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies, particularly the euro, japanese yen and british pound, could have a material adverse effect or benefit on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
global economic conditions may decrease demand for the company's products and harm the company's financial results.
the company is a global business that may be adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions. these changes in global economic conditions, both inside and outside the u.s., may affect the demand for the company's products and services. this may result in a decline in sales in the future, increased rate of order cancellations or delays, increased risk of excess or obsolete inventories, longer sales cycles and potential difficulty in collecting sales proceeds. there can be no assurance regarding demand for the company's products and services in the future.
disruption in worldwide financial markets could adversely impact the company's access to capital and financial condition.
financial markets in the u.s., europe and asia have experienced times of extreme disruption, including, among other things, sharp increases in the cost of new capital, credit rating downgrades and bailouts, severely
17
diminished capital availability and severely reduced liquidity in money markets. financial and banking institutions have also experienced disruptions, resulting in large asset write-downs, higher costs of capital, rating downgrades and reduced desire to lend money. there can be no assurance that there will not be future deterioration or prolonged disruption in financial markets or financial institutions. any future deterioration or prolonged disruption in financial markets or financial institutions in which the company participates may impair the company's ability to access its existing cash, utilize its existing syndicated bank credit facility funded by such financial institutions, and impair its ability to access sources of new capital. the cost to the company of any new capital raised and interest expense would increase if this were to occur.
risks related to our business the company's financial results are subject to changes in customer demand, which may decrease for a number of reasons, many beyond the company's control.
the demand for the company's products is dependent upon the size of the markets for its lc, lc-ms, thermal analysis, rheometry and calorimetry products; the timing and level of capital spending and expenditures of the company's customers; changes in governmental regulations, particularly affecting drug, food and drinking water testing; funding available to academic, governmental and research institutions; general economic conditions and the rate of economic growth in the company's major markets; and competitive considerations. the company typically experiences an increase in sales in its fourth quarter as a result of purchasing habits for capital goods by customers that tend to exhaust their spending budgets by calendar year end. however, there can be no assurance that the company will effectively forecast customer demand and appropriately allocated research and development expenditures to products with high growth and high margin prospects. additionally, there can be no assurance that the company's results of operations or financial condition will not be adversely impacted by a change in any of the factors listed above or the continuation of uncertain global economic conditions.
additionally, the analytical instrument market may, from time to time, experience low sales growth. approximately 60% and 59% of the company's net sales in 2021 and 2020, respectively, were to worldwide pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, which may be periodically subject to unfavorable market conditions and consolidations. unfavorable industry conditions could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
competitors may introduce more effective or less expensive products than the company's, which could result in decreased sales. the competitive landscape may transform as a result of potential changes in ownership, mergers and continued consolidations among the company's competitors, which could harm the company's business.
the analytical instrument market and, in particular, the portion related to the company's hplc, uplc, lc-ms, thermal analysis, rheometry and calorimetry product lines, is highly competitive and subject to rapid changes in technology. the company encounters competition from several international instrument suppliers and other companies in both domestic and foreign markets. some competitors have instrument businesses that are generally more diversified than the company's business, but are typically less focused on the company's chosen markets. over the years, some competitors have merged with other competitors for various reasons, including increasing product line offerings, improving market share and reducing costs. there can be no assurance that the company's competitors will not introduce more effective and less costly products than those of the company or that the company will be able to increase its sales and profitability from new product introductions. there can be no assurance that the company's sales and marketing forces will compete successfully against the company's competitors in the future.
strategies for organic growth require developing new technologies and bringing these new technologies to market, which could negatively impact the company's financial results.
the company's corporate strategy is fundamentally based on winning through organic innovation and deep application expertise. the company is in the process of developing new products with recently acquired technologies. the future development of these new products will require a significant amount of spending over
18
the next few years before significant, robust sales will be realized. furthermore, these new products will be sold into both the non-clinical and clinical markets, and any new products requiring fda clearance may take longer to bring to market. there can be no assurance given as to the timing of these new product launches and the ultimate realization of sales and profitability in the future.
the company's software or hardware may contain coding or manufacturing errors that could impact their function, performance and security, and result in other negative consequences.
despite testing prior to the release and throughout the lifecycle of a product or service, the detection and correction of any errors in released software or hardware can be time consuming and costly. this could delay the development or release of new products or services, or new versions of products or services, create security vulnerabilities in the company's products or services, and adversely affect market acceptance of products or services. if the company experiences errors or delays in releasing its software or hardware, or new versions thereof, its sales could be affected and revenues could decline. errors in software or hardware could expose the company to product liability, performance and warranty claims as well as harm to brand and reputation, which could impact future sales.
disruption of operations at the company's manufacturing facilities could harm the company's financial condition.
the company manufactures lc instruments at facilities in milford, massachusetts and through a subcontractor in singapore; precision chemistry separation columns at its facilities in taunton, massachusetts and wexford, ireland; ms products at its facilities in wilmslow, england, solihull, england and wexford, ireland; thermal analysis and rheometry products at its facilities in new castle, delaware and other instruments and consumables at various other locations as a result of the company's acquisitions. any prolonged disruption to the operations at any of these facilities, whether due to labor difficulties, destruction of or damage to any facility or other reasons, could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
failure to adequately protect intellectual property could have materially adverse effects on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
there can be no assurance that any patents held by the company will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or that the rights granted thereunder will provide competitive advantages to the company. additionally, there could be successful claims against the company by third-party patent holders with respect to certain company products that may infringe the intellectual property rights of such third parties. the company's patents, including those licensed from others, expire on various dates. if the company is unable to protect its intellectual property rights, it could have an adverse and material effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
the company's business would suffer if the company were unable to acquire adequate sources of supply.
most of the raw materials, components and supplies purchased by the company are available from a number of different suppliers; however, a number of items are purchased from limited or single sources of supply and disruption of these sources could have, at a minimum, a temporary adverse effect on shipments and the financial results of the company. a prolonged inability to obtain certain materials or components could have an adverse effect on the company's financial condition or results of operations and could result in damage to its relationships with its customers and, accordingly, adversely affect the company's business.
the company's sales would deteriorate if the company's outside contractors fail to provide necessary components or modules.
certain components or modules of the company's lc and ms instruments are manufactured by outside contractors, including the manufacturing of lc instrument systems and related components by contract manufacturing firms in singapore. disruptions of service by these outside contractors could have an adverse effect on the supply chain and the financial results of the company. a prolonged inability to obtain these components or modules could have an adverse effect on the company's financial condition or results of operations.
19
the company's business could be harmed by actions of distributors and other third parties that sell our products.
the company sells some products through third parties, including distributors and value-added resellers. this exposes us to various risks, including competitive pressure, concentration of sales volumes, credit risks and compliance risks. we may rely on one or a few key distributors for a product or market and the loss of these distributors could reduce our revenue or net earnings. distributors may also face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivable. violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"), the u.k. bribery act or similar anti-bribery laws by distributors or other third-party intermediaries could materially impact our business. risks related to our use of distributors may reduce sales, increase expenses and weaken our competitive position.
the company's financial results are subject to unexpected shifts in pre-tax income between tax jurisdictions, changing application of tax law and tax audit examinations.
the company is subject to rates of income tax that range from 0% up to 34% in various jurisdictions in which it conducts business. in addition, the company typically generates a substantial portion of its income in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. geographical shifts in income from previous quarters' projections caused by factors including, but not limited to, changes in volume and product mix and fluctuations in foreign currency translation rates, could therefore have potentially significant favorable or unfavorable effects on the company's income tax expense, effective tax rate and results of operations.
governments in the jurisdictions in which the company operates implement changes to tax laws and regulations from time to time. any changes in corporate income tax rates or regulations regarding transfer pricing or repatriation of dividends or capital, as well as changes in the interpretation of existing tax laws and regulations, in the jurisdictions in which the company operates could adversely affect the company's cash flow and lead to increases in its overall tax burden, which would negatively affect the company's profitability.
the company entered into a new development and expansion incentive in singapore that provides a concessionary income tax rate of 5% on certain types of income for the period april 1, 2021 through march 31, 2026. prior to april 1, 2021, the company had a tax exemption in singapore on certain types of income, based upon the achievement and continued satisfaction of certain operational and financial milestones, which the company met as of december 31, 2020 and maintained through march 2021. the company had determined that it was more likely than not to realize the tax exemption in singapore and, accordingly, did not recognize any reserves for unrecognized tax benefits on its balance sheet related to this tax exemption. if any of the milestone targets were not met, the company would not have been entitled to the tax exemption on income earned in singapore dating back to the start date of the agreement (april 1, 2016), and all the tax benefits previously recognized would be reversed, resulting in the recognition of income tax expense equal to the statutory tax of 17% on income earned during that period.
as a global business, the company is subject to tax audit examinations in various jurisdictions throughout the world. the company must manage the cost and disruption of responding to governmental audits, investigation and proceedings. in addition, the impact of the settlement of pending or future tax audit examination could have an unfavorable effect on the company's income tax expense, effective tax rate and results of operations.
risks related to human capital management we may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees.
our future success depends upon the continued service of our executive officers and other key management and technical personnel, and on our ability to continue to identify, attract, retain and motivate them. implementing our business strategy requires specialized engineering and other talent, as our revenues are highly dependent on technological and product innovations. the market for employees in our industry is extremely competitive, and competitors for talent, particularly engineering talent, increasingly attempt to hire, and to varying degrees have
20
been successful in hiring, our employees. a number of such competitors for talent are significantly larger than us and are able to offer compensation in excess of what we are able to offer. further, existing immigration laws make it more difficult for us to recruit and retain highly skilled foreign national graduates of universities in the united states, making the pool of available talent even smaller. if we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, our business may be harmed.
the loss of key members of management and the risks inherent in succession planning could adversely affect the company's results of operations or financial condition.
the operation of the company requires managerial and operational expertise. none of the company's key management employees, with the exception of the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, have an employment contract with the company and there can be no assurance that such individuals will remain with the company. if, for any reason, other key personnel do not continue to be active in management, the company's results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected.
risks related to cybersecurity and data privacy disruption, cyber-attack or unforeseen problems with the security, maintenance or upgrade of the company's information and web-based systems could have an adverse effect on the company's operations and financial condition.
the company relies on its technology infrastructure and that of its software and banking partners, among other functions, to interact with suppliers, sell products and services, fulfill contract obligations, ship products, collect and make electronic wire and check based payments and otherwise conduct business. the company's technology infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from, but not limited to, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access to customer or employee data, unauthorized access to and funds transfers from company bank accounts and other attempts to harm the company's systems. for example, in december 2021, a vulnerability named "log4shell" was reported for the widely used java logging library, apache log4j 2. we have reviewed the use of this library within our software product portfolio and in our it environment and have taken steps to mitigate the vulnerability. to date, cybersecurity incidents have not resulted in a material adverse impact to our business or operations, but there can be no guarantee we will not experience such an impact. additionally, we must maintain and periodically upgrade our information and web-based systems, which has caused and will in the future cause temporary interruptions to our technology infrastructure. any prolonged disruption to the company's technology infrastructure, at any of its facilities, could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
if the company's security measures are compromised or fail to adequately protect its technology infrastructure, research and development efforts or manufacturing operations, the company's products and services may be perceived as vulnerable or unreliable, the information protected by the company's controls and processes may be subject to unauthorized access, acquisition or modification, the company's brand and reputation could be damaged, the services that the company provides to its customers could be disrupted, and customers may stop using the company's products and services, all of which could reduce the company's revenue and earnings, increase its expenses and expose the company to legal claims and regulatory actions.
the company is in the business of designing, manufacturing, selling and servicing analytical instruments to life science, pharmaceutical, biochemical, industrial, nutritional safety and environmental, academic and governmental customers working in research and development, quality assurance and other laboratory applications, and the company is also a developer and supplier of software-based products that support instrument systems. many of the company's customers are in highly regulated industries. while the company has invested time and resources implementing measures designed to protect the integrity and security of its technology infrastructure, research and development processes, manufacturing operations, products and services, and the internal and external data managed by the company, there is a risk these measures will be defeated or compromised or that they are otherwise insufficient to protect against existing or emerging threats. the company also has acquired companies, products, services and technologies over time and may face inherent risk when integrating these acquisitions into the company. in addition, at times, the company faces attempts by third
21
parties to defeat its security measures or exploit vulnerabilities in its systems. these risks will increase as the company continues to grow and expand geographically, and its systems, products and services become increasingly digital and sensor- and web-based.
the company could suffer significant damage to its brand and reputation if a security incident resulted in unauthorized access to, acquisition of, or modification to the company's technology infrastructure, research and development processes, manufacturing operations, its products and services as well as the internal and external data managed by the company. such an incident could disrupt the company's operations and customers could lose confidence in the company's ability to deliver quality and reliable products or services. this could negatively impact sales and could increase costs related to fixing and addressing these incidents and any vulnerabilities exposed by them, as well as to lawsuits, regulatory investigations, claims or legal liability including contractual liability, costs and expenses owed to customers and business partners.
risks related to compliance, regulatory or legal changes compliance failures could harm the company's business.
the company is subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign governments and agencies in areas including, among others, health and safety, import/export, privacy and data protection, fcpa and environmental laws and regulations. a portion of the company's operations are subject to regulation by the fda and similar foreign regulatory agencies. these regulations are complex and govern an array of product activities, including design, development, labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. any failure by the company to comply with applicable governmental regulations could result in product recalls, the imposition of fines, restrictions on the company's ability to conduct or expand its operations or the cessation of all or a portion of its operations.
regulators globally are increasingly imposing greater fines and penalties for privacy and data protection violations, and the european union has enacted a broad data protection regulation with fines based on a percentage of global revenues. changes in laws or regulations associated with enhanced protection of certain sensitive types of personal information, such as information related to health, could greatly increase the cost of compliance and the cost of providing the company's products or services. any failure, or perceived failure, by the company to comply with laws and regulations on privacy, data security or consumer protection, or other policies, public perception, standards, self-regulatory requirements or legal obligations, could result in lost or restricted business, proceedings, actions or fines brought against the company or levied by governmental entities or others, or could otherwise adversely affect the business and harm the company's reputation.
some of the company's operations are subject to domestic and international laws and regulations with respect to the manufacturing, handling, use or sale of toxic or hazardous substances. this requires the company to devote substantial resources to maintain compliance with those applicable laws and regulations. if the company fails to comply with such requirements in the manufacturing or distribution of its products, it could face civil and/or criminal penalties and potentially be prohibited from distributing or selling such products until they are compliant.
some of the company's products are also subject to the rules of certain industrial standards bodies, such as the international standards organization. the company must comply with these rules, as well as those of other agencies, such as the united states occupational safety and health administration. failure to comply with such rules could result in the loss of certification and/or the imposition of fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations.
as a publicly-traded company, the company is subject to the rules of the sec and the new york stock exchange. in addition, the company must comply with the sarbanes-oxley regulations, which require the company to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. the company's efforts to comply with such laws and regulations are time consuming and costly. while we continue to enhance our controls, we cannot be certain that we will be able to prevent future significant deficiencies or material
22
weaknesses. failure to comply with such regulations or having inadequate internal controls could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and operations, which could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock and our access to capital.
the company is subject to the rules of the sec under the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, requiring disclosure as to whether certain materials (tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten), known as conflict minerals, which may be contained in the company's products, are mined from the democratic republic of the congo and adjoining countries. in 2020, the company was not able to determine with certainty the country of origin of some of the conflict minerals in its manufactured products. however, the company does not have knowledge that any of its conflict minerals originated from the democratic republic of the congo or adjoining countries. the company is in the process of evaluating its 2021 supply chain, and the company plans to file its 2021 form sd with the sec in may 2022. the results of this and future evaluations may impose additional costs and may introduce new risks related to the company's ability to verify the origin of any conflict minerals contained in its products.
the company may be harmed by improper conduct of any of our employees, agents or business partners.
we cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect the company from acts committed by employees, agents or business partners that would violate domestic and international laws, including laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, kickbacks and false claims, pricing, sales and marketing practices, conflicts of interest, competition, export and import compliance, money laundering and data privacy. in particular, the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act and similar anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. any such improper actions or allegations of such acts could damage our reputation and subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the u.s. and in other jurisdictions and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and could cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory fees. in addition, the government may seek to hold us liable as a successor for violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. we also rely on our suppliers to adhere to our supplier standards of conduct and material violations of such standards of conduct could occur that could have a material effect on our business, reputation and financial statements.
environmental, social and corporate governance ("esg") issues, including those related to climate change and sustainability, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and damage our reputation.
there is an increasing focus from certain investors, customers, consumers, employees and other stakeholders concerning esg matters. additionally, public interest and legislative pressure related to public companies' esg practices continue to grow. if our esg practices fail to meet regulatory requirements or investor, customer, consumer, employee or other stakeholders' evolving expectations and standards for responsible corporate citizenship in areas including environmental stewardship and sustainability, support for local communities, board of director and employee diversity, human capital management, employee health and safety practices, product quality, supply chain management, corporate governance and transparency, our reputation, brand and employee retention may be negatively impacted, and our customers and suppliers may be unwilling to continue to do business with us.
customers, consumers, investors and other stakeholders are increasingly focusing on environmental issues, including climate change, energy and water use, plastic waste and other sustainability concerns. concern over climate change or plastics and packaging materials, in particular, may result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate impacts to the environment. changing customer and consumer preferences or increased regulatory requirements may result in increased demands or requirements regarding plastics and packaging materials, including single-use and non-recyclable plastic products and packaging, other
23
components of our products and their environmental impact on sustainability, or increased customer and consumer concerns or perceptions (whether accurate or inaccurate) regarding the effects of substances present in certain of our products. complying with these demands or requirements could cause us to incur additional manufacturing, operating or product development costs.
if we do not adapt to or comply with new regulations, or fail to meet evolving investor, industry or stakeholder expectations and concerns regarding esg issues, investors may reconsider their capital investment in our company, and customers and consumers may choose to stop purchasing our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business or financial condition.
general risk factors the effects of climate change could harm the company's business.
the company's manufacturing processes for certain of its products involve the use of chemicals and other substances that are regulated under various international, federal, state and local laws governing the environment. in the event that any future climate change legislation would require that stricter standards be imposed by domestic or international environmental regulatory authorities with respect to the use and/or levels of possible emissions from such chemicals and/or other substances, the company may be required to make certain changes and adaptations to its manufacturing processes. any such changes could have a material adverse effect on the financial statements of the company.
another potential effect of climate change is an increase in the severity of global weather conditions. the company's manufacturing facilities are located in the u.s., u.k., ireland and germany. in addition, the company manufactures a growing percentage of its hplc, uplc and ms products in both singapore and ireland. severe weather and geological conditions or events, including earthquakes, hurricanes and/or tsunamis, could potentially cause significant damage to the company's manufacturing facilities in each of these countries. the effects of such damage and the resulting disruption of manufacturing operations and the impact of lost sales could have a material adverse impact on the financial results of the company.
estimates and assumptions made in accounting for the company's results from operations are dependent on future results, which involve significant judgments and may be imprecise and may differ materially from actual results.
the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements. these estimates and assumptions must be made due to certain information used in preparation of our financial statements which is dependent on future events, cannot be calculated with a high degree of precision from data available or is not capable of being readily calculated based on generally accepted methodologies. the company believes that the accounting related to revenue recognition, bad debts, inventory valuation, goodwill and intangible assets, income taxes, warranty and installation provisions, litigation, retirement plan obligations, stock-based compensation, business combinations and asset acquisitions, uncertain tax positions and contingencies involves significant judgments and estimates. actual results for all estimates could differ materially from the estimates and assumptions used, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
the company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by changes to the company's retirement plans or retirement plan assets.
the company sponsors various retirement plans, both inside and outside the united states. any changes in regulations made by governments in countries in which the company sponsors retirement plans could adversely impact the company's cash flows or results of operations. in connection with these retirement plans, the company is exposed to market risks associated with changes in the various capital markets. for example, changes in long-term interest rates affect the discount rate that is used to measure the company's retirement plan
24
obligations and related expense. in addition, changes in the market value of investments held by the retirement plans could materially impact the funded status of the retirement plans, and affect the related pension expense and level and timing of contributions required under applicable laws.
the company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if the company is unable to maintain a sufficient level of cash flow.
the company had $1.5 billion in debt and $569 million in cash, cash equivalents and investments as of december 31, 2021. as of december 31, 2021, the company also had the ability to borrow an additional $1.6 billion from its existing, committed credit facility. all but a small portion of the company's debt was in the u.s. there is a substantial cash requirement in the united states to fund operations and capital expenditures, service debt interest obligations, finance potential united states acquisitions and continue authorized stock repurchase programs. as such, the company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted if the company is unable to generate and maintain a sufficient level of cash flow to address these requirements through (1) cash from operations, (2) the company's ability to access its existing cash and revolving credit facility, (3) the ability to expand the company's borrowing capacity and (4) other sources of capital obtained at an acceptable cost.
debt covenants, and the company's failure to comply with them, could negatively impact the company's capital and financial results.
the company's debt is subject to restrictive debt covenants that limit the company's ability to engage in certain activities that could otherwise benefit the company. these debt covenants include restrictions on the company's ability to enter into certain contracts or agreements, which may limit the company's ability to make dividend or other payments, secure other indebtedness, enter into transactions with affiliates and consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of the company's assets. the company is also required to meet specified financial ratios under the terms of the company's debt agreements. the company's ability to comply with these financial restrictions and all other covenants is dependent on the company's future performance, which is subject to, but not limited to, prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond the company's control, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, changes in technology and changes in the level of competition.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations business overview the company has two operating segments: waterstm and tatm. waters products and services primarily consist of high performance liquid chromatography ("hplc"), ultra performance liquid chromatography ("uplctm" and, together with hplc, referred to as "lc"), mass spectrometry ("ms") and precision chemistry consumable products and related services. ta products and services primarily consist of thermal analysis, rheometry and calorimetry instrument systems and service sales. the company's products are used by pharmaceutical, biochemical, industrial, nutritional safety, environmental, academic and government customers. these customers use the company's products to detect, identify, monitor and measure the chemical, physical and biological composition of materials and to predict the suitability and stability of fine chemicals, pharmaceuticals, water, polymers, metals and viscous liquids in various industrial, consumer goods and healthcare products.
covid-19 pandemic both the company's domestic and international operations have been and continue to be affected by the ongoing global covid-19 pandemic that has led to volatility and uncertainty in the u.s. and international markets. the company is actively managing its business to respond to the covid-19 impact; however, the company cannot reasonably estimate the length or severity of the covid-19 pandemic, including the effect of the emergence of variants of the virus, or the related response, or the extent to which the disruption may materially impact the company's business, consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations or consolidated cash flows in the future.
the covid-19 pandemic has not materially impacted the company's manufacturing facilities or those of the third parties to whom it outsources certain manufacturing processes, the distribution centers where its inventory is managed, or the operations of its logistics and other service providers. the company also did not see material disruptions or delays in shipments of certain materials or components of its products. however, the current logistic and supply chain issues being experienced throughout the world have made it more difficult for us to manage our operations and as such we cannot provide any assurances that any further disruptions in the logistics and supply chains will not have a material impact on our future financial results and cashflows.
the company has taken decisive and appropriate actions throughout the covid-19 pandemic, and continues to take proactive measures to guard the health of its global employee base and the safety of all customer interactions. the company has implemented rigorous protocols to promote a safe work environment in all of its locations that are operational around the world and continues to closely monitor and update its multi-phase process for the safe return of employees to their physical workplaces as social distancing, governmental requirements, including capacity limitations, and other protocols allow.
the vast majority of the markets the company serves, most notably the pharmaceutical, biomedical research, materials sciences, food/environmental and clinical markets, have continued to operate at various levels, and the company is working closely with these customers to facilitate their seamless operation.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to be fluid with uncertainties and risks across the global economy. during 2020, the company took a proactive approach managing through this unpredictability and implemented a series of cost reduction actions, which included temporary salary reductions, furloughs and reductions in non-essential spending and other working capital reductions in order to preserve liquidity and enhance financial flexibility. these cost reductions were completed by the end of 2020 and reduced the company's spending by approximately $100 million in 2020. the majority of these cost saving actions were reinstated at the beginning of 2021, which negatively impacted the company's cashflows in 2021 and also attributed to the increase in expenses as a result of the normalization of these costs.
31
financial overview the company's operating results are as follows for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (dollars in thousands, except per share data):
year ended december 31,                                 % change
2021                         2020                          2019                            2021 vs.               2020 vs.
2020                   2019
revenues:
product sales                                    $1,822,070                    $1,497,333                    $1,567,189                22    %                (4   %)
service sales                                       963,804                       868,032                       839,407                11    %                 3   %
total net sales                                   2,785,874                     2,365,365                     2,406,596                18    %                (2   %)
costs and operating expenses:
cost of sales                                     1,156,533                     1,006,689                     1,010,700                15    %                 -   %
selling and administrative expenses                 626,968                       553,698                       534,791                13    %                 4   %
research and development expenses                   168,358                       140,777                       142,955                20    %                (2   %)
purchased intangibles amortization                    7,143                        10,587                         9,693               (33   %)                 9   %
asset impairments                                         -                         6,945                             -              (100   %)                 *   *
litigation provision                                  5,165                         1,180                             -               338    %                 *   *
operating income                                    821,707                       645,489                       708,457                27    %                (9   %)
operating income as a % of sales                       29.5    %                     27.3    %                     29.4   %
other income (expense), net                          17,203                        (1,775    )                   (3,586   )             *    *                51   %
interest expense, net                               (32,717    )                  (32,800    )                  (26,632   )             -    %               (23   %)
income before income taxes                          806,193                       610,914                       678,239                32    %               (10   %)
provision for income taxes                          113,350                        89,343                        86,041                27    %                 4   %
net income                                         $692,843                      $521,571                      $592,198                33    %               (12   %)
net income per diluted common share                  $11.17                         $8.36                         $8.69                34    %                (4   %)
** percentage not meaningful the company's net sales increased approximately 18% in 2021 as compared to 2020, and decreased 2% in 2020 as compared to 2019. the increase in sales in 2021 can be attributed to the strong sales performance across most major geographies, end markets, and product categories due to customer demand continuing to return to pre-pandemic normal operations. foreign currency translation increased sales by 2% and less than 1% in 2021 and 2020, respectively. the company's recent acquisitions did not have material impacts on sales growth. unless otherwise noted, sales growth or decline percentages are presented as compared with the same period in the prior year.
instrument system sales increased 23% in 2021 and decreased 8% in 2020. in 2021, the increase in instrument system sales was attributable to customer demand continuing to increase to pre-covid-19 pandemic levels as customer laboratories and manufacturing facilities continued to return to normal operations. this strength in 2021 was broad-based, particularly in lc, lc-ms and ta instrument system sales. foreign currency translation had minimal impact on instrument system sales in 2021 and increased sales by 1% in 2020. recurring revenues (combined sales of precision chemistry consumables and services) increased 13% and 4% in 2021 and 2020, respectively, as a result of a larger installed base of customers and higher billing demand for service sales. in 2020, recurring revenues were impacted by the interruption of business activities and the uncertainty caused by the covid-19 pandemic. recurring revenues were positively impacted by foreign currency translation in 2021 and 2020, which increased sales by 2% and 1%, respectively.
32
geographically, the sales growth in 2021 was broad-based across the world, and was due to customer demand continuing to increase to pre-pandemic levels as customer laboratories and manufacturing facilities continued to return to normal operations. in 2021, the strong sales performance was broad-based across all regions, with sales increasing 20% in asia, 16% in the americas, and 17% in europe. foreign currency translation increased sales by 1% and 3% in asia and europe, respectively. the sales declines in 2020 were broad-based across the world, except for europe, and were due to the weaker demand and disruption of business activities caused by the covid-19 lockdowns.
sales to pharmaceutical customers increased 20% and 2% in 2021 and 2020, respectively, with foreign currency translation positively impacting sales by 1% in both 2021 and 2020. the pharmaceutical sales growth was driven by strong double-digit growth in all major regions, including 45% in china, 26% in india, 17% in the americas and 15% in europe as strong customer demand continued to recover to pre-pandemic levels. foreign currency translation added 4% to europe sales growth in 2021. combined sales to industrial customers, which include material characterization, food, environmental and fine chemical markets, increased 17% in 2021 and decreased 2% in 2020, with foreign currency translation increasing sales by 2% and 1% in 2021 and 2020, respectively. this increase in sales to industrial customers was driven by the ta business as ta's sales grew 26% in 2021 as compared to a decline of 8% in 2020. combined sales to academic and government customers increased 7% in 2021 and decreased 16% in 2020, with foreign currency translation increasing sales by 2% in 2021 and having minimal impact on sales in 2020. sales to our academic and governmental customers are highly dependent on when institutions receive funding to purchase our instrument systems and, as such, sales can vary significantly from period to period.
operating income was $822 million in 2021, an increase of 27% as compared to 2020. this increase was primarily a result of the increase in sales volumes caused by our customers resuming laboratory and manufacturing operations throughout the world and the favorable impact of foreign currency translation. the operating income increase was partially offset by the restoration of expenses that had been decreased in 2020 which consisted of a series of cost reduction actions that included salary reductions, furloughs and reductions in non-essential spending that increased operating income by approximately $100 million in 2020. in addition, in the second half of 2021, the company's operating income was negatively impacted by higher freight costs and higher costs associated with certain electronic components.
operating income decreased 9% in 2020 as compared to 2019. this decrease can be attributed to the decline in sales volumes caused by the covid-19 pandemic, unfavorable manufacturing absorption and unfavorable foreign currency translation. the operating income decline was partially mitigated by a series of cost reduction actions, equaling $100 million, implemented by the company in 2020. operating income in 2020 also included $27 million of severance-related costs in connection with a reduction in workforce and lease termination and exit costs.
operating income as a percentage of sales was 29.5%, 27.3% and 29.4% in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the 2020 operating income percentage decreased as a result of the decrease in sales volume due to the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, the 2020 operating margin benefited by the $100 million of cost reduction actions. the 2021 operating income margin was negatively impacted by the cost actions as these costs had been reinstated by the beginning of 2021.
the company's effective tax rates were 14.1%, 14.6% and 12.7% for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. net income per diluted share was $11.17, $8.36 and $8.69 in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
the company generated $747 million, $791 million and $643 million of net cash flows from operations in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the decrease in operating cash flow in 2021 was primarily a result of the $100 million of 2020 cost actions and working capital improvements implemented being reinstated once customer demand increased. included in the 2021, 2020 and 2019 net cash flow from operations is $38 million,
33
$38 million and $29 million, respectively, of income tax payments made in the u.s. in relation to the 2017 transition tax liability. the company is required to make a u.s. federal tax payment of approximately $38 million in 2022 to tax authorities in connection with the company's estimated remaining transition tax liabilities of $327 million under the 2017 tax act. the remainder of the liability is required to be paid in annual installments of $72 million, $96 million and $121 million in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.
cash flows used in investing activities included capital expenditures related to property, plant, equipment and software capitalization of $161 million, $172 million and $164 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the cash flows from investing activities in 2021 also included $49 million of capital expenditures related to the expansion of the company's precision chemistry consumable operations in the united states. the company has incurred costs of $200 million on this facility through the end of 2021, and anticipates spending approximately $50 million to complete this new state-of-the-art facility in 2022.
on september 17, 2021, the company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the "2021 credit agreement"), which amended the company's existing credit agreement entered into in 2017 (the "2017 credit agreement"). the 2021 credit agreement provides for a $1.8 billion revolving facility (the "2021 credit facility") and converted the $300 million term loan under the 2017 credit agreement into part of the new revolving facility. as of december 31, 2021, the 2021 credit facility had a total of $210 million outstanding. as of december 31, 2020, the revolving credit facility and the term loan governed by the 2017 credit agreement had a total of $100 million and $300 million, respectively, outstanding. the 2021 credit facility matures on september 17, 2026 and requires no scheduled prepayments before that date.
in march 2021, the company issued senior unsecured notes with an aggregate principal amount of $500 million. the series n $100 million notes have a five-year term and a fixed interest rate of 1.68%. the series o $400 million notes have a 10-year term and a fixed interest rate of 2.25%.
in january 2019, the company's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase up to $4 billion of its outstanding common stock over a two-year period. during 2021, 2020 and 2019, the company repurchased 2.0 million, 0.8 million and 11.1 million shares of the company's outstanding common stock at a cost of $640 million, $167 million and $2.5 billion, respectively, under authorized share repurchase programs. as of december 31, 2021, the company has a total of $885 million authorized for future repurchases. in december 2020, the company's board of directors authorized the extension of the share repurchase program through january 21, 2023. the company believes that it has the financial flexibility to fund these share repurchases given current cash and investment levels and debt borrowing capacity, as well as to invest in research, technology and business acquisitions to further grow the company's sales and profits.
34
results of operations sales by geography geographic sales information is presented below for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,                            % change
2021                         2020                        2019                      2021 vs.              2020 vs.
2020                  2019
net sales:
asia:
china                          $521,128                    $404,352                    $439,557            29   %                (8   %)
japan                           182,597                     179,815                     180,707             2   %                 -   %
asia other                      372,040                     315,010                     318,848            18   %                (1   %)
total asia                    1,075,765                     899,177                     939,112            20   %                (4   %)
americas:
united states                   774,014                     678,313                     692,277            14   %                (2   %)
americas other                  151,206                     119,529                     137,964            27   %               (13   %)
total americas                  925,220                     797,842                     830,241            16   %                (4   %)
europe                          784,889                     668,346                     637,243            17   %                 5   %
total net sales              $2,785,874                  $2,365,365                  $2,406,596            18   %                (2   %)
in 2021, sales increased 18% as compared to 2020, due to stronger demand for our products and services across most major geographies and customer classes as a result of our customers resuming laboratory and manufacturing operations, as well as the pent-up demand from 2020 caused by the covid-19 pandemic. the sales strength was broad-based, driven by continued growth in recurring revenues and the strong sales growth in instruments, particularly in lc instrument system sales. foreign currency translation increased sales by 2% in 2021 and had minimal impact on sales in 2020.
in 2020, sales decreased 2% as compared to 2019, as the covid-19 pandemic caused interruptions in business activities and uncertainties that resulted in our customers reducing purchases of our products and services. the sales declines in 2020 were broad-based across all geographies and were a result of the weaker demand and disruption of business activities caused by the covid-19 lockdowns, except in europe where sales increased 5% as compared to the prior year. the most significant decline in sales in 2020 occurred in china, where sales declined 8%, as well as declines of 2% in the u.s. and 13% in the americas other region.
sales by trade class net sales by customer class are presented below for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,                            % change
2021                       2020                        2019                      2021 vs.              2020 vs.
2020                  2019
pharmaceutical                       $1,667,061                  $1,386,966                  $1,365,275            20   %                 2   %
industrial                              829,204                     707,772                     719,377            17   %                (2   %)
academic and governmental               289,609                     270,627                     321,944             7   %               (16   %)
total net sales                      $2,785,874                  $2,365,365                  $2,406,596            18   %                (2   %)
35
in 2021, sales to pharmaceutical customers increased 20% with foreign currency translation positively impacting sales by 1%. the increase in sales to pharmaceutical customers was broad-based with double-digit sales growth across most major geographies, primarily due to stronger demand for our products and services as a result of our customers continuing to resume laboratory and manufacturing operations. sales also benefited from the demand from certain pharmaceutical customers involved with covid-19 diagnostic testing and the increase in the development of new drugs and therapies. sales to industrial customers in 2021 increased 17%, primarily due to customers continuing to resume laboratory and manufacturing operations during the year and this growth was driven by the increased customer demand for our ta products. foreign currency translation increased sales to industrial customers by 2% in 2021. sales to academic and government customers increased 7% in 2021, with foreign currency translation increasing sales by 2%.
in 2020, sales to pharmaceutical customers increased 2% with foreign currency translation positively impacting sales by 1%. the lower sales volumes to pharmaceutical customers in 2020, particularly in the first half of the year, can be attributed to the disruption in business activities caused by covid-19, despite increased demand for our products and services from certain pharmaceutical customers who are involved with covid-19 diagnostic testing and the development of new drugs and therapies. sales to industrial customers in 2020 declined 2%, which were significantly impacted by the ta sales declines of 8% in 2020. the sales declines to academic and government customers were broad-based across all product classes as academic and governmental customers adjusted their spending to mitigate the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, which significantly impacted sales in china.
waters products and services net sales net sales for waters products and services were as follows for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                % change
2021                               % of       2020                               % of       2019                               % of          2021 vs.              2020 vs.
total                                         total                                         total              2020                  2019
waters instrument systems               $1,089,248                44   %                $890,855                42   %                $963,871                45   %            22   %                (8   %)
chemistry consumables                      507,209                21   %                 432,080                20   %                 412,018                19   %            17   %                 5   %
total waters product sales               1,596,457                65   %               1,322,935                62   %               1,375,889                64   %            21   %                (4   %)
waters service                             876,626                35   %                 794,189                38   %                 761,594                36   %            10   %                 4   %
total waters net sales                  $2,473,083               100   %              $2,117,124               100   %              $2,137,483               100   %            17   %                (1   %)
waters products and service sales increased 17% in 2021 and declined 1% in 2020, with the effect of foreign currency translation increasing waters sales by 2% and 1% in 2021 and 2020, respectively. waters instrument system sales (lc and ms technology-based) increased 22% in 2021 primarily due to customer demand continuing to increase to pre-pandemic levels as customer laboratories and manufacturing facilities continued to return to normal operations. precision chemistry consumables sales increased double-digits due to the strong demand across most major geographies driven by the uptake in columns and application-specific testing kits to pharmaceutical customers. waters service sales increased 10% due to higher service demand billings as covid-19 business closures and restrictions began to ease. in addition, sales growth in 2021 benefited from the growing contributions made by the company's recent introductions of new higher-performing products which included the acquity premier system, arc premier hplc system and multi-reflecting tof mass spectrometers.
in 2020 waters instrument system sales (lc and ms technology-based) decreased 8%, primarily attributed to the weaker demand for our products and services by our customers due to the disruption and uncertainty caused by the covid-19 pandemic. precision chemistry consumables sales increased 5% in 2020, despite the disruption in business activities caused by covid-19. waters service sales increased 4%, primarily due to increased sales of service plans and higher service demand billings to a higher installed base of customers
36
respectively, with sales in 2020 being partially offset by the weaker demand and disruption of business activities caused by the covid-19 lockdowns.
ta product and services net sales net sales for ta products and services were as follows for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                % change
2021                           % of       2020                           % of       2019                           % of          2021 vs.           2020 vs.
total                                     total                                     total              2020           2019
ta instrument systems            $225,613                72   %            $174,398                70   %            $191,300                71   %            29   %                (9   %)
ta service                         87,178                28   %              73,843                30   %              77,813                29   %            18   %                (5   %)
total ta net sales               $312,791               100   %            $248,241               100   %            $269,113               100   %            26   %                (8   %)
ta instrument system and service sales growth in 2021 was broad-based across all geographies increasing 26%, and was primarily driven by stronger demand as a result of our customers continuing to resume laboratory and manufacturing operations. in 2021, the increase in ta instrument system sales was primarily driven by strength in all major regions. the increase in ta service sales was attributable to customers continuing to resume their operations after the restrictions caused by covid-19 during 2020, as well as sales of service plans and billings to a higher installed base of customers. the effect of foreign currency translation increased ta's sales by 1% in 2021.
ta product and service sales declines in 2020 were primarily due to lower customer demand resulting from the covid-19 pandemic. ta's instrument system sales declined in 2019 primarily due to lower customer demand resulting from macroeconomic conditions, tariff posturing and political instability. ta service sales increased in 2019 due to sales of service plans and billings to a higher installed base of customers. ta sales declined in all major regions in 2020, with foreign currency translation having minimal impact on ta's sales.
cost of sales cost of sales increased 15% in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in sales volumes during the year, the reinstatement in 2021 of expenses that had been reduced as a result of the covid-19 pandemic in 2020 that consisted of salary reductions, furloughs and reductions in non-essential spending as well as an increase in freight costs.
cost of sales is affected by many factors, including, but not limited to, foreign currency translation, product mix, product costs of instrument systems and amortization of software platforms. at current foreign currency exchange rates, the company expects foreign currency translation to decrease sales and gross profit during 2022.
selling and administrative expenses selling and administrative expenses increased 13% and 4% in 2021 and 2020, respectively. the increase in selling and administrative expenses in 2021 can be attributed to the higher salary merit and variable incentive compensation costs as well as the impact of the reinstatement of salary reductions, furloughs and reductions in non-essential spending that occurred in 2020. the increase in selling and administrative expenses in 2020 can be attributed to the salary merit and incentive compensation increases along with the severance-related costs in connection with a reduction in workforce and lease-termination and exit costs. severance and lease termination and exit costs were $27 million and $10 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. offsetting these increases in selling and administrative expenses were $70 million of savings in 2020, which includes covid-19 and restructuring cost saving actions that reduced planned salaries and non-essential spending. the effect of foreign currency translation increased selling and administrative expenses by 1% in 2021 and had a minimal impact on selling and administrative expenses in 2020.
37
as a percentage of net sales, selling and administrative expenses were 22.5%, 23.4% and 22.2% for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
research and development expenses research and development expenses increased 20% in 2021 and decreased 2% in 2020. the increase in research and development expenses was impacted by additional headcount, merit compensation and costs associated with new products and the development of new technology initiatives as well as the reinstatement of covid-19 cost actions implemented in 2020. research and development expenses in 2020 include $15 million of cost action savings from salary reductions, furloughs and reductions in non-essential spending. foreign currency translation decreased research and development expenses in 2021 by 1% and had minimal impact on research and development costs in 2020.
asset impairments during 2020, due to a shift in strategic priorities, the company recorded a non-cash charge of $10 million for the impairment of certain intangible assets associated with the acquisition of medimass research development and service kft ("medimass"). in conjunction with the intangible asset impairment, the company also reduced its liability for contingent consideration of $3 million during 2020 as the carrying value of this liability is based on the future sales of the medimass intangible assets that were impaired. see note 2, basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies, under the heading "asset impairments" in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a description of the impairment charge.
other income (expense), net in 2021, the company executed a settlement agreement to resolve patent infringement litigation with bruker corporation and bruker daltronik gmbh regarding their timstof product line. in connection with the settlement, the company is entitled to receive $10 million in guaranteed payments, including minimum royalty payments, which were recognized within other income in our consolidated statement of operations. in 2021, the company also recorded an unrealized gain of $10 million due to an observable change in the fair value of an existing investment the company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over.
interest expense, net net interest expense in 2021 remained consistent with 2020 as the increase in the average debt balance in 2021 was offset by the impact of lower interest rates. the increase in net interest expense from 2019 to 2020 is due to higher debt balances in 2020.
provision for income taxes the company's effective tax rates were 14.1%, 14.6% and 12.7% in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
the company's effective income tax rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory rate each year due to differences in the proportionate amounts of pre-tax income recognized in jurisdictions with different effective tax rates and the items discussed below.
the four principal jurisdictions in which the company manufactures are the u.s., ireland, the u.k. and singapore, where the statutory tax rates were 21%, 12.5%, 19% and 17%, respectively, as of december 31, 2021. the company entered into a new development and expansion incentive in singapore that provides a concessionary income tax rate of 5% on certain types of income for the period of april 1, 2021 through march 31, 2026. prior to april 1, 2021, the company had a tax exemption on income arising from qualifying activities in singapore, based upon the achievement of certain contractual milestones, which the company met as of december 31, 2020 and maintained through march 2021. the effect of applying these concessionary income tax rates rather than the statutory tax rate to income arising from qualifying activities in singapore increased the
38
company's net income during the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 by $20 million, $21 million and $24 million, respectively, and increased the company's net income per diluted share by $0.32, $0.33 and $0.35, respectively.
during 2021, the company's effective tax rate differed from the 21% u.s. statutory tax rate primarily due to the jurisdictional mix of earnings, a $10 million provision related to the global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") tax and a tax benefit of $7 million on stock-based compensation.
the 2020 effective tax rate differed from the u.s. federal statutory tax rate primarily due to the jurisdictional mix of earnings, a $13 million provision related to the gilti tax and a tax benefit of $7 million on stock-based compensation.
the 2019 effective tax rate differed from the u.s. federal statutory tax rate primarily due to the jurisdictional mix of earnings, an $11 million provision related to the gilti tax and tax benefit of $9 million related to stock-based compensation.
the company's effective tax rate is influenced by many significant factors, including, but not limited to, the wide range of income tax rates in jurisdictions in which the company operates; sales volumes and profit levels in each tax jurisdiction; changes in tax laws, tax rates and policies; the outcome of various ongoing tax audit examinations; and the impact of foreign currency transactions and translation. as a result of variability in these factors, the company's effective tax rates in the future may not be similar to the effective tax rates for the current or prior years, or for previously forecasted periods.
liquidity and capital resources condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2021                       2020                        2019
net income                                                                $692,843                    $521,571                      $592,198
depreciation and amortization                                              131,680                     125,361                       105,296
stock-based compensation                                                    29,918                      36,865                        38,577
deferred income taxes                                                       16,633                      (2,693   )                     9,620
asset impairments                                                                -                       6,945                             -
observable unrealized gain on investment                                    (9,707   )                       -                             -
change in accounts receivable                                              (62,448   )                  37,467                       (22,195   )
change in inventories                                                      (67,250   )                  18,940                       (31,854   )
change in accounts payable and other current liabilities                    46,110                     140,598                         9,784
change in deferred revenue and customer advances                            37,845                      11,073                        12,189
effect of the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act                                         -                           -                        (3,229   )
other changes                                                              (68,350   )                (105,620   )                   (67,299   )
net cash provided by operating activities                                  747,274                     790,507                       643,087
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities                       (231,630   )                (264,094   )                   768,802
net cash used in financing activities                                     (438,275   )                (440,502   )                (1,872,678   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents               (12,830   )                  15,069                           224
increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                           $64,539                    $100,980                     $(460,565   )
39
cash flow provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $747 million, $791 million and $643 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the changes within net cash provided by operating activities include the following significant changes in the sources and uses of net cash provided by operating activities, aside from the changes in net income:
   the changes in accounts receivable were primarily attributable to the increase in sales volumes as well as the timing of sales and the timing of payments made by customers. days sales outstanding was 66 days at december 31, 2021, 70 days at december 31, 2020 and 77 days at december 31, 2019.

   the increase in inventory in 2021 can be attributed to higher sales volumes and the increase in safety stock levels to mitigate logistic and supply chain issues. the change in inventory in 2020 compared to 2019 is a result of the company's efforts to reduce its inventory levels during the covid-19 pandemic to preserve its liquidity.

   the changes in accounts payable and other current liabilities were the result of timing of payments to vendors. in addition, the changes in 2021, 2020 and 2019 include $38 million, $38 million and $29 million, respectively, of income tax payments made in the u.s. relating to the company's estimated 2017 tax reform liability. in addition, in 2021, the change was impacted by the normalization of covid-19 cost actions, as well as higher variable incentive compensation costs.

   net cash provided from deferred revenue and customer advances results from annual increases in new service contracts as a higher installed base of customers renew annual service contracts.

   other changes were attributable to variation in the timing of various provisions, expenditures, prepaid income taxes and accruals in other current assets, other assets, other liabilities and an income tax payment related to the 2017 tax act. in addition, in 2019, the company made $11 million of contributions to certain defined benefit pension plans.

cash (used in) provided by investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $232 million and $264 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, while net cash provided by investing activities was $769 million in 2019. additions to fixed assets and capitalized software were $161 million, $172 million and $164 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the cash flows from investing activities in 2021 also included $49 million of capital expenditures related to the expansion of the company's precision chemistry consumable operations in the united states. the company has incurred costs of $200 million on this facility through the end of 2021, and anticipates spending approximately $50 million to complete this new state-of-the-art facility in 2022.
during 2021, 2020 and 2019, the company purchased $280 million, $26 million and $37 million of investments, respectively. during 2021, 2020 and 2019, $218 million, $21 million and $1.0 billion of investments matured, respectively.
in january 2020, the company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire andrew alliance, an innovator in specialty laboratory automation technology, including software and robotics for approximately $80 million in cash. the company had an equity investment in andrew alliance that was valued at $4 million and included as part of the total consideration. this acquisition did not have a material effect on the company's sales and expenses in 2020.
in december 2020, the company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire iss, a provider of clinical laboratory software systems, for $4 million in cash. this acquisition did not have a material effect on the company's sales and expenses in 2020.
there were no business acquisitions in 2021 and 2019.
40
during 2021, 2020 and 2019, the company made $2 million, $6 million and $9 million of investments in unaffiliated companies, respectively.
cash used in financing activities on september 17, 2021, the company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the "2021 credit agreement"), which amended the company's existing credit agreement entered into in 2017 (the "2017 credit agreement"). the 2021 credit agreement provides for a $1.8 billion revolving facility (the "2021 credit facility") and converted the $300 million term loan under the 2017 credit agreement into part of the new revolving facility. as of december 31, 2021, the 2021 credit facility had a total of $210 million outstanding. as of december 31, 2020, the revolving credit facility and the term loan governed by the 2017 credit agreement had a total of $100 million and $300 million, respectively, outstanding. the 2021 credit facility matures on september 17, 2026 and requires no scheduled prepayments before that date.
in march 2021, the company issued senior unsecured notes with an aggregate principal amount of $500 million. the series n $100 million notes have a five-year term and a fixed interest rate of 1.68%. the series o $400 million notes have a 10-year term and a fixed interest rate of 2.25%.
the company's net debt borrowings increased by $160 million in 2021, decreased by $325 million in 2020 and increased by $535 million in 2019. as of december 31, 2021, the company had a total of $1.5 billion in outstanding debt, which consisted of $1.3 billion in outstanding senior unsecured notes and $210 million borrowed under a revolving credit facility, with both the term loan and revolving credit facilities under the 2017 credit agreement. as of december 31, 2021, the company had a total amount available to borrow under the 2017 credit agreement of $1.6 billion after outstanding letters of credit. as of december 31, 2021, the company was in compliance with all debt covenants.
as of december 31, 2021, the company has entered into three-year interest rate cross-currency swap derivative agreements with a notional value of $230 million to hedge the variability in the movement of foreign currency exchange rates on a portion of its euro-denominated net asset investments. as a result of entering into these agreements, the company lowered its net interest expense by $11 million, $15 million and $12 million during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the company anticipates that these swap agreements will lower net interest expense by approximately $1 million in 2022, as the three-year term of the agreements expire. during 2021, the company entered into a new cross-currency swap derivative agreement with a notional value of $40 million.
in january 2019, the company's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase up to $4 billion of its outstanding common stock over a two-year period. during 2021, 2020 and 2019, the company repurchased 2.0 million, 0.8 million and 11.1 million shares of the company's outstanding common stock at a cost of $640 million, $167 million and $2.5 billion, respectively, under the january 2019 authorization and other previously announced programs. in december 2020, the company's board of directors authorized the extension of the share repurchase program through january 21, 2023. in addition, the company repurchased $9 million, $9 million and $8 million of common stock related to the vesting of restricted stock units during the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
the company received $56 million, $66 million and $54 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and the purchase of shares pursuant to the company's employee stock purchase plan in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
the company had cash, cash equivalents and investments of $569 million as of december 31, 2021. the majority of the company's cash and cash equivalents are generated from foreign operations, with $440 million held by foreign subsidiaries at december 31, 2021, of which $298 million was held in currencies other than u.s. dollars.
41
as of december 31, 2021, the company's material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations:
long-term debt. as of december 31, 2021, the company had $1.5 billion of cash requirements for the principal on long-term debt that will mature and be paid as follows: $50 million in 2023; $100 million in 2024; $670 million in 2026; $300 million in 2029 and $400 million in 2031.
interest on senior unsecured notes. as of december 31, 2021, the company had $240 million of cash requirements for the interest on senior unsecured notes that is to be paid as follows: $39 million in 2022; $38 million in 2023; $35 million in 2024; $33 million in 2025; $27 million in 2026; $20 million in both 2027 and 2028; $17 million in 2029; $9 million in 2030; and $2 million in 2031. see also note 9 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for financial information about interest payable.
2017 tax act liabilities. as a result of the 2017 tax act, the company incurred a transition toll tax, that would be paid over an eight-year period, starting in 2018, and will not accrue interest. as of december 31, 2021, the company had a remaining cash requirement of $327 million of which $38 million, $72 million, $96 million and $121 million will be paid in 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. see also note 10 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for financial information about tax liabilities.
operating leases. the company's operating leases consist of property leases for sales, demonstration, laboratory, warehouse and office spaces, automotive leases for sales and service personnel and equipment leases, primarily used in our manufacturing and distribution operations. for leases with terms greater than 12 months, the company recorded the related right-of-use asset and lease liability obligation at the present value of lease payments over the term of the leases. some of the company's leases include rental escalation clauses, renewal options and/or termination options that are factored into our determination of lease payments. a certain number of these leases contain rent escalation clauses, either fixed or adjusted periodically for inflation of market rates, that are factored into the company's determination of lease payments. the company also has variable lease payments that do not depend on a rate or index, primarily for items such as real estate taxes and other expenses, which are recorded as variable costs when incurred. the company's cash requirements for future lease payments were approximately $94 million as of december 31, 2021. see also note 12 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for financial information about lease liabilities.
long-term software contract commitments. for contracts the company is committed to that are not cancelable without penalties. the company's contractual obligation with these vendors was approximately $28 million as of december 31, 2021.
management believes, as of the date of this report, that the company's financial position, along with expected future cash flows from earnings based on historical trends and the ability to raise funds from external sources and the borrowing capacity from existing, committed credit facilities, will be sufficient to service debt and fund working capital and capital spending requirements, authorized share repurchase amounts and potential acquisitions for at least the next twelve months.
critical accounting policies and estimates summary the preparation of consolidated financial statements requires the company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. critical accounting policies are those that are central to the presentation of the company's financial condition and results of operations that require management to make estimates about matters that are highly uncertain and that would have a material impact on the company's results of operations given changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period or use of different estimates that reasonably could have been used in the current period. on an ongoing basis, the company evaluates its policies and estimates. the company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
42
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual amounts may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. there are other items within the company's consolidated financial statements that require estimation, but are not deemed critical as defined above. changes in estimates used in these and other items could potentially have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition the company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. the company generally enters into contracts that include a combination of products and services. revenue is allocated to distinct performance obligations and is recognized net of allowances for returns and discounts.
the company recognizes revenue on product sales at the time control of the product transfers to the customer. in substantially all of the company's arrangements, title of the product transfers at shipping point and, as a result, the company determined control transfers at the point of shipment. in more limited cases, there are destination-based shipping terms and, thus, control is deemed to transfer when the products arrive at the customer site. all incremental costs of obtaining a contract are expensed as and when incurred if the expected amortization period of the asset that would have been recognized is one year or less. shipping and handling costs are included as a component of cost of sales. in situations where the control of the goods transfers prior to the completion of the company's obligation to ship the products to its customers, the company has elected the practical expedient to account for the shipping services as a fulfillment cost. accordingly, such costs are recognized when control of the related goods is transferred to the customer. in more rare situations, the company has revenue associated with products that contain specific customer acceptance criteria and the related revenue is not recognized before the customer acceptance criteria are satisfied. the company elected to exclude from the measurement of the transaction price all taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transactions and collected by the company from a customer.
generally, the company's contracts for products include a performance obligation related to installation. the company has determined that the installation represents a distinct performance obligation and revenue is recognized separately upon the completion of installation. the company determines the amount of the transaction price to allocate to the installation service based on the standalone selling price of the product and the service, which requires judgment. the company determines the relative standalone selling price of installation based upon a number of factors, including hourly service billing rates and estimated installation hours. in developing these estimates, the company considers past history, competition, billing rates of current services and other factors.
the company has sales from standalone software, which are included in instrument systems revenue. these arrangements typically include software licenses and maintenance contracts, both of which the company has determined are distinct performance obligations. the company determines the amount of the transaction price to allocate to the license and maintenance contract based on the relative standalone selling price of each performance obligation. software license revenue is recognized at the point in time when control has been transferred to the customer. the revenue allocated to the software maintenance contract is recognized on a straight-line basis over the maintenance period, which is the contractual term of the contract, as a time-based measure of progress best reflects the company's performance in satisfying this obligation. unspecified rights to software upgrades are typically sold as part of the maintenance contract on a when-and-if-available basis.
payment terms and conditions vary among the company's revenue streams, although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 to 60 days of product shipment. prior to providing payment terms to customers, an evaluation of their credit risk is performed. returns and customer credits are infrequent and insignificant and are recorded as a reduction to sales. rights of return are not included in sales arrangements and, therefore, there is minimal variable consideration included in the transaction price of our products.
43
service revenue includes (i) service and software maintenance contracts and (ii) service calls (time and materials). instrument service contracts and software maintenance contracts are typically annual contracts, which are billed at the beginning of the contract or maintenance period. the amount of the service and software maintenance contract is recognized on a straight-line basis to revenue over the maintenance service period, which is the contractual term of the contract, as a time-based measure of progress best reflects the company's performance in satisfying this obligation. there are no deferred costs associated with the service contract, as the cost of the service is recorded when the service is performed. service calls are recognized to revenue at the time a service is performed.
the company's deferred revenue liabilities at december 31, 2021 of $274 million on the consolidated balance sheets consist of the obligation on instrument service contracts and customer payments received in advance, prior to transfer of control of the instrument. the company records deferred revenue primarily related to its service contracts, where consideration is billable at the beginning of the service period.
allowance for credit losses on accounts receivable the company adopted new accounting guidance regarding the accounting for credit losses as of january 1, 2020 using a modified retrospective transition approach that was applied to our trade receivable balances. the allowance for credit losses policies described below were effective as of january 1, 2020.
the company maintains allowances for expected credit losses based on applying a historical loss rate to trade receivable aging balances to estimate a general reserve balance on current receivables along with an additional adjustment for any specific receivables with known or anticipated issues affecting the likelihood of recovery. the historical loss rate is calculated by comparing the prior year actual sales and accounts receivable balances to estimate the period of collection of trade receivables by aging category. this collection information by aging category is then compared to write offs over the same prior year period to estimate the amount of allowance that is attributable to each category of our accounts receivable aging. past due balances with a probability of default based on historical data as well as relevant available forward-looking information are included in the specific adjustment. if the financial condition of the company's customers were to deteriorate beyond what is estimated in the current expected credit loss model, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. the company does not request collateral from its customers, but collectibility is enhanced through the use of credit card payments and letters of credit. the company assesses collectibility based on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, past transaction history with the customer, the credit-worthiness of the customer, industry trends and the macro-economic environment. historically, the company has not experienced significant credit losses. sales returns and allowances are estimates of future product returns related to current period revenue. material differences may result in the amount and timing of revenue for any period if management made different judgments or utilized different estimates for sales returns and allowances for expected credit losses. the company's accounts receivable balance at december 31, 2021 was $613 million, net of allowances for expected credit losses of $13 million.
loss provision on inventory the company values all of its inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first-in, first-out basis ("fifo"). the company estimates revisions to its inventory valuations based on technical obsolescence, historical demand, projections of future demand, including that in the company's current backlog of orders, and industry and market conditions. if actual future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional write-downs may be required. the company's inventory balance at december 31, 2021 was recorded at its net realizable value of $356 million, which is net of write-downs of $32 million.
44
long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill the company assesses the impairment of identifiable intangibles, long-lived assets and goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. factors the company considers important which could trigger impairment include, but are not limited to, the following:
   significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, particularly as it pertains to capitalized software and patent costs;

   significant negative industry or economic trends, competitive products and technologies; and

   significant changes or developments in strategic technological collaborations or legal matters which affect the company's capitalized patents, purchased technology, trademarks and intellectual properties, such as licenses.

when the company determines that the carrying value of an individual intangible asset, long-lived asset or goodwill may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators, an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows produced by that intangible asset, long-lived asset or goodwill, including its eventual residual value, is compared to the carrying value to determine whether impairment exists. in the event that such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the asset, the asset is written-down to its estimated fair value. net intangible assets, long-lived assets and goodwill amounted to $242 million, $548 million and $438 million, respectively, as of december 31, 2021.
the company performs annual impairment reviews of its goodwill on december 31 of each year. for goodwill impairment review purposes, the company has two reporting units: waters and ta. the company currently does not expect to record an impairment charge in the foreseeable future as the estimated fair values of the reporting units significantly exceeds the carrying value of the reporting units; however, there can be no assurance that, at the time future reviews are completed, a material impairment charge will not be recorded. the factors that could cause a material goodwill impairment charge in the future include, but are not limited to, the following:
   significant decline in the company's projected revenue, earnings or cash flows;

   significant adverse change in legal factors or business climate;

   significant decline in the company's stock price or the stock price of comparable companies;

   adverse action or assessment by a regulator; and

   unanticipated competition.

income taxes as part of the process of preparing the consolidated financial statements, the company is required to estimate its income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates. this process involves the company estimating its income taxes, taking into account the amount, timing and character of taxable income, tax deductions and credits and assessing changes in tax laws, regulations, agreements and treaties. differing treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes, such as depreciation, amortization and inventory reserves, result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included within the consolidated balance sheets. in the event that actual results differ from these estimates, or the company adjusts these estimates in future periods, such changes could materially impact the company's financial position and results of operations.
the accounting standards for income taxes require that a company continually evaluate the necessity of establishing or changing a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets depending on whether it is more likely than not that the actual benefit of those assets will be realized in future periods.
45
uncertain tax positions the company accounts for its uncertain tax return positions in accordance with the accounting standards for income taxes, which require financial statement reporting of the expected future tax consequences of uncertain tax positions on the presumption that all concerned tax authorities possess full knowledge of those tax positions, as well as all of the pertinent facts and circumstances, but prohibit any discounting of unrecognized tax benefits associated with those positions for the time value of money. the company classified interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the provision for income taxes. at december 31, 2021, the company had unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, of $29 million.
the company has a new development and expansion incentive in singapore that provides a concessionary income tax rate of 5% on certain types of income for the period april 1, 2021 through march 31, 2026. this new incentive has similar requirements for business spending targets, attaining and sustaining employment targets and performance of certain research and manufacturing activities as previous agreements. prior to april 1, 2021, the company had a tax exemption on income arising from qualifying activities in singapore, based upon the achievement of certain contractual milestones, which the company met as of december 31, 2020 and maintained through march 2021. these milestones include the following types of objectives: reaching and maintaining annual revenue and business spending targets; meeting capital expenditures targets; attaining and sustaining employment targets; and establishing a local research and development and service center. the company determined that it was more likely than not to realize the tax exemption in singapore and, accordingly, did not recognize any reserves for unrecognized tax benefits on its balance sheet related to this exemption. in the event that any of the milestone targets were not met, the company would not be entitled to the tax exemption on income earned in singapore and all the tax benefits previously recognized would be reversed, resulting in the recognition of income tax expense equal to the statutory tax of 17% on income earned during that period.
warranty product warranties are recorded at the time revenue is recognized for certain product shipments. while the company engages in extensive product quality programs and processes, including actively monitoring and evaluating the quality of its component suppliers, the company's warranty obligation is affected by product failure rates, material usage and service delivery costs incurred in correcting a product failure. should actual product failure rates, material usage or service delivery costs differ from the company's previous estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability would be required. at december 31, 2021, the company's warranty liability was $11 million.
litigation as described in part i, item 3, legal proceedings, of this form 10-k, the company is a party to various pending litigation matters. with respect to each pending claim, management determines whether it can reasonably estimate whether a loss is probable and, if so, the probable range of that loss. if and when management has determined, with respect to a particular claim, both that a loss is probable and that it can reasonably estimate the range of that loss, the company records a charge equal to either its best estimate of that loss or the lowest amount in that probable range of loss. the company will disclose additional exposures when the range of loss is subject to considerable uncertainty.
pension and other retirement benefits in 2018, the company settled its defined benefit pension plan in the united states. as a result of this settlement, the company's defined benefit pension obligations were significantly reduced in 2018 and 2019. the company still maintains a number of smaller defined benefit pension plans and other retirement benefits throughout the world. assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations and the fair values of plan assets for the company's remaining less significant pension plans and other retirement benefits are evaluated periodically by management. changes in assumptions are based on relevant company data. critical assumptions, such as the
46
discount rate used to measure the benefit obligations and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, are evaluated and updated annually. the company has assumed that the weighted-average expected long-term rate of return on plan assets will be 6.25% for its u.s. benefit plans and 2.58% for its non-u.s. benefit plans.
at the end of each year, the company determines the discount rate that reflects the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be effectively settled. the company utilized milliman's bond matching model to determine the discount rate for its u.s. benefit plans. the company determined the discount rate for its non-u.s. benefit plans based on the analysis of the mercer pension discount curve for high quality investments as of december 31, 2021 that best matched the timing of the plan's future cash flows for the period to maturity of the pension benefits. once the interest rates were determined, the plan's cash flow was discounted at the spot interest rate back to the measurement date. at december 31, 2021, the company determined the weighted-average discount rate to be 2.70% for the u.s. benefit plans and 1.40% for the non-u.s. benefits plans.
a one-quarter percentage point increase in the assumed long-term rate of return would decrease the company's net periodic benefit cost by less than $1 million. a one-quarter percentage point increase in the discount rate would decrease the company's net periodic benefit cost by less than $1 million.
stock-based compensation the accounting standards for stock-based compensation require that all share-based payments to employees be recognized in the statements of operations based on their fair values. the company has used the black-scholes option pricing model and monte carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of its stock option awards and performance stock unit awards, respectively. under the fair-value recognition provisions of this statement, share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the value of the award and is recognized as expense over the vesting period. determining the fair value of share-based awards at the grant date requires judgment, including estimating stock price volatility and employee stock option exercise behaviors. if actual results differ significantly from these estimates, stock-based compensation expense and the company's results of operations could be materially impacted. as stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations is based on awards that ultimately are expected to vest, the amount of the expense has been reduced for estimated forfeitures. these accounting standards require forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. forfeitures are estimated based on historical experience. if factors change and the company employs different assumptions in the application of these accounting standards, the compensation expense that the company records in future periods may differ significantly from what the company has recorded in the current period. the company recognizes the expense using the straight-line attribution method.
as of december 31, 2021, unrecognized compensation costs and related weighted-average lives over which the costs will be amortized were as follows (in millions):
unrecognized      weighted-average compensation         life in years costs stock options                         $20                   3.5
restricted stock units                 44                   3.3
performance stock units                12                   2.0
total                                 $76                   3.1
business combinations and asset acquisitions the company accounts for business acquisitions under the accounting standards for business combinations. the results of each acquisition are included in the company's consolidated results as of the acquisition date and the purchase price of an acquisition is allocated to tangible and intangible assets and assumed liabilities based on
47
their estimated fair values. any excess of the fair value consideration transferred over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recognized as goodwill. acquired in-process research and development ("ipr&d") included in a business combination is capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset. development costs incurred after the acquisition are expensed as incurred and acquired ipr&d is tested for impairment annually until completion of the acquired programs. upon commercialization, this indefinite-lived intangible asset is then accounted for as a finite-lived intangible asset and amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life, subject to periodic impairment reviews. if the research and development project is abandoned, the indefinite-lived asset is charged to expense. legal costs, due diligence costs, business valuation costs and all other business acquisition costs are expensed when incurred.
the company also acquires intellectual property through licensing arrangements. these arrangements often require upfront payments and may include additional milestone or royalty payments, contingent upon certain future events. ipr&d acquired in an asset acquisition (as opposed to a business combination) is expensed immediately unless there is an alternative future use. subsequent payments made for the achievement of milestones are evaluated to determine whether they have an alternative future use or should be expensed. payments made to third parties subsequent to commercialization are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life of the related asset, and are classified as intangible assets.
recent accounting standard changes and developments information regarding recent accounting standard changes and developments is incorporated by reference from part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this document and should be considered an integral part of this item 7. see note 2 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for recently adopted and issued accounting standards.
