item 1a. risk factors our businesses face significant risks. if any of the events or circumstances described as risks below occur, our businesses, results of operations and/or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. in addition to those described below, our businesses may also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial.
risks relating to our industry our results may fluctuate as a result of many factors, including cyclical changes in the insurance and reinsurance industry.
the results of companies in the property casualty insurance industry historically have been subject to significant fluctuations and uncertainties in demand and pricing, causing cyclical changes in the insurance and reinsurance industry. the demand for insurance is influenced primarily by general economic conditions, while the supply of insurance is often directly related to available capacity or the perceived profitability of the business. in recent years, we have faced significant competition in our business, as a result of new entrants and capital providers, as well as existing insurers seeking to gain or maintain market share. recently, premium rates have increased at an accelerating pace for most lines of business, while they have decreased in others, most notably workers' compensation. the adequacy of premium rates is affected mainly by the severity and frequency of claims, which are influenced by many factors, including natural disasters, regulatory measures and court decisions that define and expand the extent of coverage and the effects of economic or social inflation on the amount of compensation due for injuries or losses. in addition, investment rates of return have impacted rate adequacy, with interest rates remaining at or near historic lows. these factors can have a significant impact on ultimate profitability because a property casualty insurance policy is priced before its costs are known as premiums usually are determined long before claims are reported. these factors could produce results that would have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
we face significant competitive pressures in our businesses, which can pressure premium rates in certain areas and could harm our ability to maintain or increase our profitability and premium volume in some parts of our business.
we compete with a large number of other companies in our selected lines of business. we compete, and will continue to compete, with major u.s. and non-u.s. insurers and reinsurers, other regional companies, as well as mutual companies, specialty insurance companies, underwriting agencies, diversified financial services companies and insurtech companies. competitiveness in our businesses is based on many factors, including premium charges, ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, commissions paid to producers, the perceived financial strength of the company, other terms and conditions offered, services provided (including ease of doing business over the internet), speed of claims payment and reputation and experience in the lines to be written. in recent years, the insurance industry has undergone consolidation, which may further increase competition in some parts of our business and may cause our insurance subsidiaries to incur greater customer retention and acquisition expenses, affecting the profitability of existing and new business.
some of our competitors, particularly in the reinsurance business, have greater financial and/or marketing resources than we do. these competitors within the reinsurance market include swiss re, munich re, berkshire hathaway, transatlantic reinsurance, and partner re. we expect that perceived financial strength, in particular, will become more important as customers seek high quality reinsurers.
the insurance industry continues to attract new capital which leads to increased competition in our business. recently, insurance prices have generally increased for most lines of business, excluding workers' compensation. however, loss costs have also increased and the duration and magnitude of the improving pricing environment remains uncertain. with the low level of interest rates available, current price levels for certain lines of business may remain below the prices required for us to achieve our long-term return objectives. we expect to continue to face strong competition in some parts of our business.
in recent years, various types of investors have increasingly sought to participate in the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industries. well-capitalized new entrants to the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industries, or existing competitors that receive substantial infusions of capital or access to third-party capital, provide increasing competition, which may adversely impact our business and profitability. further, an expanded supply of reinsurance capital may lower costs for insurers that rely on reinsurance and, as a consequence, those insurers may be able to price their products more competitively. in addition, technology companies or other third parties have created, and may in the future create, technology-enabled business models, processes, platforms or alternate distribution channels that may adversely impact our competitive position in some parts of our business.
this intense competition could cause the supply and/or demand for insurance or reinsurance to change, which affect our ability to price our products at attractive rates and retain existing business or write new products at adequate rates or on terms and conditions acceptable to us. if we are unable to retain existing business or write new business at adequate rates or on terms and conditions acceptable to us, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
our actual claims losses may exceed our reserves for claims, which may require us to establish additional reserves.
our gross reserves for losses and loss expenses were approximately $15.4 billion as of december 31, 2021. our loss reserves reflect our best estimates of the cost of settling claims and related expenses with respect to insured events that have occurred.
reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability. rather, reserves represent an estimate of what management expects the ultimate settlement and claims administration will cost for claims that have occurred, whether known or unknown. the major assumptions about anticipated loss emergence patterns are subject to unanticipated fluctuation. these estimates, which generally involve actuarial projections, are based on management's assessment of facts and circumstances then known, as well as estimates of future trends in claims severity and frequency, inflation, judicial theories of liability, reinsurance coverage, legislative changes and other factors, including the actions of third parties, which are beyond our control.
the inherent uncertainties of estimating reserves are greater for certain types of liabilities, where long periods of time elapse before a definitive determination of liability is made and settlement is reached. in periods with increased economic volatility, it becomes more difficult to accurately predict claim costs. it is especially difficult to estimate the impact of inflation on loss reserves given the current economic environment and related government actions. both inflation overall and medical cost inflation, which has historically been greater than inflation overall, can have an adverse impact. in addition, although the company has estimated the potential covid-19 impact to its contingency and event cancellation, workers' compensation, and other lines of business under a number of possible scenarios, due to covid-19's continued evolving impact, there remains a high degree of uncertainty around the company's covid-19-related reserves.
reserve estimates are continually refined in an ongoing process as experience develops and further claims are reported and settled. adjustments to reserves are reflected in the results of the periods in which such estimates are changed. because setting reserves is inherently uncertain, we cannot assure that our current reserves will prove adequate in light of subsequent events. should we need to increase our reserves, our pre-tax income for the reporting period would decrease by a corresponding amount.
we discount our reserves for excess and assumed workers' compensation business because of the long period of time over which losses are paid. discounting is intended to appropriately match losses and loss expenses to income earned on investment securities supporting liabilities. the expected loss and loss expense payout pattern subject to discounting is derived from our loss payout experience. changes in the loss and loss expense payout pattern are recorded in the period they are determined. if the actual loss payout pattern is shorter than anticipated, the discount will be reduced and pre-tax income will decrease by a corresponding amount.
the effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain.
as industry practices and economic, legal, judicial, social, technological and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claim and coverage may emerge. these issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims. examples of emerging claims and coverage issues include, but are not limited to:
•judicial expansion of policy coverage and a greater propensity to grant claimants more favorable amounts and the impact of new theories of liability;
•plaintiffs targeting property and casualty insurers, including us, in purported class action litigation relating to claims-handling and other practices;
•social inflation trends, including higher and more frequent claims, more favorable judgments and legislated increases;
•medical developments that link health issues to particular causes, resulting in liability claims;
•claims relating to unanticipated consequences of current or new technologies, including cyber security related risks;
•claims relating to potentially changing climate conditions; and
•increased claims due to third party funding of litigation.
in some instances, these emerging issues may not become apparent for some time after we have issued the affected insurance policies. as a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance policies may not be known until many years after the policies are issued.
in addition, the potential passage of new legislation designed to expand the right to sue, to remove limitations on recovery, to extend the statutes of limitations or otherwise to repeal or weaken tort reforms could have an adverse impact on our business.
the effects of these and other unforeseen emerging claim and coverage issues are difficult to predict and could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
as a property casualty insurer, we face losses from natural and man-made catastrophes.
property casualty insurers are subject to claims arising out of catastrophes that may have a significant effect on their results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. catastrophe losses have had a significant impact on our results. for example, catastrophe losses net of reinsurance recoveries were $202 million in 2021 (including covid-19 related losses), $340 million in 2020 (including covid-19 related losses), and $90 million in 2019. similarly, man-made catastrophes can also have a material impact on our financial results.
catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, tsunamis, hailstorms, explosions, severe winter weather and fires, pandemics, as well as terrorist and other man-made activities, including drilling, mining and other industrial accidents, the bankruptcy of a major company, war or other military actions, social unrest, cyber events or terrorist activities. the incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable, and longer-term natural catastrophe trends may be changing due to climate change causing increased variability and unpredictability. the extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. some catastrophes are restricted to small geographic areas; however, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis and other disasters may produce significant damage in large, heavily populated areas. catastrophes can cause losses in a variety of our property and casualty lines, and most of our past catastrophe-related claims have resulted from severe storms. seasonal weather variations or the impact of climate change may affect the severity and frequency of our losses. insurance companies are not permitted to reserve for a catastrophe until it has occurred. it is therefore possible that a catastrophic event or multiple catastrophic events could produce significant losses and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
the covid-19 pandemic has previously materially and adversely affected our results of operations, and may further materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and liquidity.
the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, including the related impact on the u.s. and global economies, had materially and adversely affected our results of operations. we expect the pandemic and its impact on our business may continue, and potentially even worsen, but we cannot predict the magnitude or duration of its continued impact, particularly given the great uncertainties associated with covid-19, including regarding the reopening of the u.s. and global economies and the recovery from its devastating economic and other effects. the ultimate impact of covid-19 on our results of operations, financial position and liquidity is not yet known, and likely will not be known for some time, but includes the following:
adverse legislative and regulatory action. legislative and regulatory initiatives taken or which may be taken in response to covid-19 may adversely affect us, particularly in our workers' compensation and property coverages businesses. for example, our business may be subject to, certain initiatives, including, but not limited to: legislative and regulatory action that seeks to retroactively mandate coverage for losses that our insurance policies would not otherwise cover and which were not priced to cover; legislative and regulatory action providing for shifting presumptions with respect to the burdens of proof for "essential" workers on workers' compensation coverages and varying definitions of "essential" workers; actions prohibiting us from cancelling insurance policies in accordance with our policy terms or non-renewing policies at their natural expiration; and/or orders to provide premium refunds, grant extended grace periods for premium payments, and provide extended time to pay past due premiums. any such action would likely increase both our underwriting losses and our expenses and any legal challenges to any such action could take years to resolve.
claim losses related to covid-19 may exceed reserves. as of december 31, 2021, we recorded approximately $274 million for covid-19-related losses. of the $274 million of covid-19-related losses, $239 million are reported losses and $35 million is booked as ibnr. our reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability, but represent an estimate of what management expects the ultimate settlement and claims administration will cost for claims that have occurred, whether known or unknown. given the great uncertainties associated with covid-19 and its impact and the limited information upon which our current assumptions and assessments have been made, our reserves and the underlying estimated level of claim losses and costs arising from covid-19 may materially change.
claim losses and adjustment expenses may increase. as the effects of covid-19 on industry practices and economic, legal, judicial, social and other environmental conditions occur, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverages may emerge. these issues may adversely affect our business by extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent (including in the area of property coverages where physical damage requirements and communicable disease exclusions are currently being challenged) or by increasing the number and/or size of claims, each of which could adversely impact our results.
reinsurance. we purchase reinsurance in order to transfer part of the risk that we have assumed by writing insurance policies to reinsurance companies in exchange for part of the premium we receive in connection with assuming such risk. although reinsurance makes the reinsurer contractually liable to us to the extent the risk is transferred to the reinsurer, it does not relieve us of our liability to our policyholders. there may be uncertainty surrounding the availability of reinsurance coverage for covid-19-related losses as our reinsurers may dispute the applicability of reinsurance to such losses (including the application of reinsurance reinstatements) and, as a result, our reinsurers may refuse to pay reinsurance recoverables related thereto or they may not pay them on a timely basis. in addition, we may be unable to renew our current reinsurance coverages or obtain appropriate new reinsurance covers with respect to certain exposures under our policies, including covid-19-related exposures, and therefore our net exposures could increase, or if we are unwilling to bear such increase in net exposure, we may reduce our level of underwriting commitments.
premium volumes may be negatively impacted. the demand for insurance is significantly influenced by general economic conditions. consequently, reduced economic activity relating to the covid-19 pandemic is likely to decrease demand for our insurance products and services and negatively impact our premium volumes (and, in certain cases, may result in return of premiums due to a decrease in exposures). this may continue for an indefinite period, with the magnitude of the impact impossible to predict. in addition, as we continue to evaluate the effects of covid-19 on the insurance coverages we currently offer, our appetite for providing certain coverages in various jurisdictions may change which could further negatively impact our premium volumes. any such reduction in our premiums would likely cause our expense ratio to rise.
investments. further disruptions in global financial markets due to the continuing impact of covid-19 could cause us to incur additional unrealized and/or realized investment losses (beyond the investment fund losses incurred in prior years), including impairments in our fixed maturity portfolio and other investments. in addition, the economic uncertainty resulting from covid-19 may result in a further decline in interest rates, which may negatively impact our net investment income from future investment activity.
credit risk. as credit risk is generally a function of the economy, we face greater credit risk from our policyholders, independent agents and brokers in connection with the payment and remittance of premiums as a result of the economic conditions caused by covid-19. similarly, our credit risk related to the reimbursement of deductibles from policyholders and in connection with reinsurance recoverables has increased.
operational disruptions and costs. our operations could be disrupted if key members of our senior management or a significant percentage of our workforce or the workforce of our agents, brokers, suppliers or other third party service providers are unable to continue to work because of illness, government directives or otherwise. in addition, our agents, brokers, suppliers and other third party service providers, which we rely on for key aspects of our operations, are subject to risks and uncertainties related to the covid-19 pandemic, which may interfere with their ability to fulfill their respective commitments and responsibilities to us in a timely manner and in accordance with the agreed-upon terms. in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we have in place remote working policies which have resulted in disruptions to our business routines, heightened risk to cybersecurity attacks and data security incidents and a greater dependency on internet and telecommunication access and capabilities.
changing climate conditions may alter the frequency and increase the severity of catastrophic events and thereby adversely affect our financial condition and results.
over the past several years, changing weather patterns and climatic conditions, such as global warming, appear to have contributed to the unpredictability, frequency and severity of natural disasters and created additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. there is a growing scientific consensus that global warming and other climate change are altering the frequency, severity and/or peril characteristics of catastrophic weather events, such as hurricanes, windstorms, floods and other natural disasters.  such changes make it more difficult for us to predict and model catastrophic events, reducing our ability to accurately price our exposure to such events and mitigate our risks. any increase in the frequency or severity of natural disasters may adversely affect our financial condition and results.
we, as a primary insurer, may have significant exposure for terrorist acts.
to the extent an act of terrorism, whether a domestic or foreign act, is certified by the secretary of treasury, we may be covered under the terrorism risk insurance program reauthorization act of 2019 ("tripra"), for up to 80% of our covered losses for certain property/casualty lines of insurance. however, any such coverage would be subject to a mandatory deductible based on 20% of earned premium for the prior year for the covered lines of commercial property and casualty insurance. based on our 2021 earned premiums, our aggregate deductible under tripra during 2022 is approximately $1,135 million. in addition, the coverage provided under tripra does not apply to reinsurance that we write. to the extent that our reinsurers have excluded coverage for certain terrorist acts or have priced this coverage at rates that make purchasing such coverage economically infeasible, we may not have reinsurance protection and could be exposed to potential losses as a result of any acts of terrorism.
we are subject to extensive governmental regulation, which increases our costs and could restrict the conduct of our business.
we are subject to extensive governmental regulation and supervision in both the united states and foreign jurisdictions. most insurance regulations are designed to protect the interests of policyholders rather than stockholders and other investors. this system of regulation, generally administered in the united states by a department of insurance in each state in which we do business, relates to, among other things:
•standards of solvency, including risk-based capital measurements;
•restrictions on the nature, quality and concentration of investments;
•limitations on the amount of dividends, tax distributions, intercompany loans and other payments that can be made without prior regulatory approval;
•requirements pertaining to certain methods of accounting;
•evaluating enterprise risk to an insurer;
•rate and form regulation pertaining to certain of our insurance businesses;
•potential assessments for the provision of funds necessary for the settlement of covered claims under certain policies provided by impaired, insolvent or failed insurance companies; and
•involvement in the payment or adjudication of catastrophe or other claims beyond the terms of the policies.
state insurance departments conduct periodic examinations of the affairs of insurance companies and require the filing of annual and other reports relating to the financial condition of insurance companies, holding company issues and other matters. our insurance business internationally is also generally subject to a similar regulatory scheme in each of the jurisdictions where we conduct operations outside the united states.
federal financial services modernization legislation and legislative and regulatory initiatives taken or which may be taken in response to conditions in the financial markets, global insurance supervision and other factors may lead to additional federal regulation of the insurance industry in the coming years.
the dodd-frank act effected sweeping changes to financial services regulation in the united states. the dodd-frank act established the financial stability oversight council ("fsoc"), which is authorized to recommend that certain systemically significant non-bank financial companies, including insurance companies, be regulated by the board of governors of the federal reserve. the dodd-frank act also established a federal insurance office ("fio") which is authorized to study, monitor and report to congress on the u.s. insurance industry and the significance of global reinsurance to the u.s. insurance market. the fio also can recommend to the fsoc that it designate an insurer as an entity posing risks to the united states financial stability in the event of the insurer's material financial distress or failure. our business could be affected by changes, whether as a result of potential changes to the dodd-frank act, to the u.s. system of insurance regulation or our designation or the designation of insurers or reinsurers with which we do business as systemically significant non-bank financial companies.
the topic of climate risk has come under increased scrutiny by insurance regulators. in september 2020, the nydfs issued a circular letter to new york domestic and foreign authorized insurance companies, which impacts our insurance subsidiaries licensed in new york. the circular letter states that the nydfs expects insurers to integrate financial risks related to climate change into their governance frameworks, risk management processes and business strategies. the nydfs also adopted an amendment to the regulation that governs enterprise risk management, effective as of august 13, 2021, that requires an insurance group to include certain additional risks, such as climate change risk, in its enterprise risk management function. in addition, the fio has been instructed by president biden's executive order on climate-related financial risk, dated may 20, 2021, to seek public comment on a series of questions that "will help inform fio's assessment of climate-related financial risks for the insurance sector." the fio's request for information notes that it "plans to ... take a leadership role in analyzing how the insurance sector may help mitigate climate-related risks [and to that end, it] will engage with the insurance sector to assess how the sector may help achieve national climate-related goals, including mitigation, adaptation and transition to a lower carbon economy." these measures may subject us to increased oversight at the state and federal level.
state regulation is the primary form of regulation of insurance and reinsurance in the united states, although congress has considered various proposals regarding federal regulation of insurance, in addition to the changes brought about by the dodd-frank act, such as proposals for the creation of an optional federal charter for insurance companies. we may be subject to potentially increased federal oversight as a financial institution. in addition, the new u.s. administration and the volatile political environment may increase the chance of other federal legislative and regulatory changes that could affect us in ways we cannot predict.
with respect to international measures, solvency ii, the eu regime concerning the capital adequacy, risk management and regulatory reporting for insurers and reinsurers may affect our insurance businesses. implementation of solvency ii in eu member states occurred on january 1, 2016, and as the solvency ii regime evolves over time, we may be required to utilize a significant amount of resources to ensure compliance. in particular, the european commission has undertaken a review of solvency ii and on september 22, 2021, published a package of proposed legislative reforms for amending the existing regulatory framework. this proposed legislation is now being discussed by the european parliament and the european commission. in addition, despite the waiver of the solvency ii group capital requirements we received, solvency ii may have the effect of increasing the capital requirements of our eu domiciled insurers. additionally, our capital requirements and compliance requirements may be adversely affected if the european commission does not deem the insurance regulatory regimes of the jurisdictions outside the eu in which we have insurance or reinsurance companies domiciled to be "equivalent" to solvency ii.
similarly, following the u.k.'s withdrawal from the eu, and the expiry of the transition period on december 31, 2020, our u.k. subsidiaries are now subject to a separate u.k. prudential regime, to which the same considerations will apply. the u.k.'s domestic prudential regime is currently identical to solvency ii, although the two regimes, and their respective requirements, may diverge over time. the u.k. has already declared that it considers the solvency ii regime as "equivalent" to its own. however, the eu is still determining whether to make "equivalency" declarations in respect of the u.k.'s prudential regime. it is also possible that any "equivalency" determinations made by either side could be withdrawn in the future, which would adversely affect our capital and compliance requirements.
if our compliance with solvency ii, the u.k.'s prudential regime or any other regulatory regime is challenged, we may be subject to monetary or other penalties. in addition, in order to ensure compliance with applicable regulatory requirements or as a result of any investigation, including remediation efforts, we could be required to incur significant expenses and undertake additional work, which in turn may divert resources from our business.
we may be unable to maintain all required licenses and approvals and our business may not fully comply with the wide variety of applicable laws and regulations or the relevant authority's interpretation of the laws and regulations. also, some regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew or revoke licenses and approvals. if we do not have the requisite licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, the insurance regulatory authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities or monetarily penalize us. also, changes in the level of regulation of the insurance industry, whether federal, state or foreign, or changes in laws or regulations themselves or interpretations by regulatory authorities, may further restrict the conduct of our business.
risks relating to our business our expanding international operations expose us to increased investment, political, legal/regulatory, and economic risks, including foreign currency and credit risk.
our expanding international operations in the united kingdom, continental europe, south america, canada, mexico, scandinavia, the asia-pacific region, south africa and australia expose us to increased investment, political, legal/regulatory, and economic risks, including foreign currency and credit risk. changes in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our investments in non-u.s.-denominated assets are subject to fluctuations in non-u.s. securities and currency markets, and those markets can be volatile. non-u.s. currency fluctuations also affect the value of any dividends paid by our non-u.s. subsidiaries to their parent companies in the u.s.
we face additional risks as a result of our international operations which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition including: burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations and the associated risk and costs of non-compliance; exposure to undeveloped or evolving legal systems, which may result in unpredictable or inconsistent application of laws and regulations; exposure to commercial, political, legal or regulatory corruption; political, economic or other instability in countries in which we conduct business, including possible terrorist acts; the imposition of tariffs, trade barriers or other protectionist laws or business practices that favor local competition, increased costs and adverse effects on our business; changes to visa or immigration policies; diminished ability to enforce our contractual rights; potential increased risk of data breaches; differences in cultural environments; sociopolitical instability; social, political or economic instability resulting from climate change; changes in regulatory requirements, including changes in regulatory treatment of certain products or services; exposure to local economic conditions and its impact on our clients' performance and creditworthiness; and restrictions on the repatriation of non-u.s. investments and earnings.
the united kingdom leaving the eu could adversely affect our business.
in accordance with the withdrawal agreement implementing the u.k. leaving the eu ("brexit"), the u.k. formally left the eu on january 31, 2020. the agreement provided for a transitional period, which ended on december 31, 2020, during which time the u.k. continued to enjoy the same rights and obligations as it had as a member state, though without participating in the eu institutions. during the transitional period, the u.k. and the eu negotiated a long-term agreement covering, among other things, the terms of trade between them, culminating in the execution of the entry into a "trade and cooperation agreement".
however, notwithstanding the finalization of the trade and cooperation agreement between the u.k. and the eu, uncertainty remains regarding the impact of brexit, including the implementation and enforcement of terms and conditions of the agreement, and the u.k.'s future relationship with the eu. brexit could also lead to legal uncertainty and differing laws and regulations between the u.k. and the eu. specifically in relation to financial services, the trade and cooperation agreement did not provide for eu and u.k. regulated firms to be able to access each other's markets via passporting rights. both  eu and u.k. insurers therefore lost their respective passporting rights from january 1, 2021. it is also unclear whether the eu will make "equivalence" determinations in respect of relevant aspects of u.k. financial services regulation. as a result, the u.k. branch of our liechtenstein subsidiary has applied to be directly authorized to perform insurance business in the u.k., which application remains under consideration.
more generally, barriers to trade resulting from brexit could affect the attractiveness of the u.k. and impact our u.k. business. we also face risks associated with the potential uncertainty and consequences related to brexit, including with respect to volatility in financial markets, exchange rates and interest rates. these uncertainties could increase the volatility of, or reduce, our investment results in particular periods or over time. brexit could adversely affect european or worldwide political, regulatory, economic or market conditions and could contribute to instability in political institutions and regulatory agencies.
any of these potential effects, and others we cannot anticipate, could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
we may be unable to attract and retain key personnel and qualified employees.
we depend on our ability to attract and retain key personnel, including our president and ceo, executive chairman, senior executive officers, presidents of our businesses, experienced underwriters and other skilled employees who are knowledgeable about our business. if the quality of our underwriting team and other personnel decreases, we may be unable to maintain our current competitive position in the specialized markets in which we operate, and be unable to expand our operations into new products and markets.
we cannot guarantee that our reinsurers will pay in a timely fashion, if at all, and, as a result, we could experience losses.
we purchase reinsurance by transferring part of the risk that we have assumed, known as ceding, to a reinsurance company in exchange for part of the premium we receive in connection with the risk. although reinsurance makes the reinsurer contractually liable to us to the extent the risk is transferred or ceded to the reinsurer, it does not relieve us, the reinsured, of our liability to our policyholders. our reinsurers may not pay the reinsurance recoverables that they owe to us or they may not pay such recoverables on a timely basis. this failure to pay or failure to pay on a timely basis may be due to factors such as whether reinsurers, their affiliates or certain indemnitors have the financial capacity and willingness to make payments under the terms of a reinsurance treaty or contract. accordingly, we bear credit risk with respect to our reinsurers, and if our reinsurers fail to pay us, our financial results would be adversely affected. underwriting results and investment returns of some of our reinsurers may affect their future ability to pay claims. as of december 31, 2021, the amount due from our reinsurers was approximately $2,923 million, including amounts due from state funds and industry pools where it was intended that we would bear no risk. certain of these amounts are secured by letters of credit or by funds held in trust on our behalf.
we are subject to credit risk relating to our policyholders, independent agents and brokers.
in addition to exposure to credit risk related to our reinsurance recoverables and investment portfolio, we are exposed to credit risk in several other areas of our business, including credit risk relating to policyholders, independent agents and brokers. for example our policyholders, independent agents or brokers may not pay a part of or the full amount of premiums owed to us or our brokers or other third party claim administrators may not deliver amounts owed on claims under our insurance and reinsurance contracts for which we have provided funds.
as credit risk is generally a function of the economy, we face a greater credit risk in an economic downturn. while we attempt to manage credit risks through underwriting guidelines, collateral requirements and other oversight mechanisms, our efforts may not be successful. for example, to reduce such credit risk, we require certain third parties to post collateral for some or all of their obligations to us. in cases where we receive pledged securities and the applicable counterparty is unable to honor its obligations, we may be exposed to credit risk on the securities pledged and/or the risk that our access to that collateral may be stayed as a result of bankruptcy. in cases where we receive letters of credit from banks as collateral and one of our counterparties is unable to honor its obligations, we are exposed to the credit risk of the banks that issued the letters of credit.
we are rated by a.m. best, standard & poor's, moody's, and fitch, and a decline in these ratings could affect our standing in the insurance industry and cause our sales and earnings to decrease.
ratings have become an increasingly important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. certain of our insurance company subsidiaries are rated by a.m. best, standard & poor's, moody's and fitch. our ratings are subject to periodic review, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our current or any future ratings, especially given that rating agencies may change their criteria or increase capital requirements for various rating levels. for instance, standard & poor's has recently proposed changes to its rating model which could impact our rating depending on final changes that are implemented.
if our ratings are reduced from their current levels by a.m. best, standard & poor's, moody's or fitch, our competitive position in the insurance industry could suffer and it would be more difficult for us to market our products. a ratings downgrade could also adversely limit our access to capital markets, which may increase the cost of debt. a significant downgrade could result in a substantial loss of business as policyholders move to other companies with higher financial strength ratings.
if market conditions cause reinsurance to be more costly or unavailable, we may be required to bear increased risks or reduce the level of our underwriting commitments.
as part of our overall risk and capacity management strategy, we purchase reinsurance for certain amounts of risk underwritten by our insurance company subsidiaries, especially catastrophe risks and those risks with relatively high policy limits. we also purchase reinsurance on risks underwritten by others which we reinsure. market conditions beyond our control determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection we seek to purchase, which may affect the level of our business and profitability. our reinsurance contracts are generally subject to annual renewal, and we may be unable to maintain our current reinsurance contracts or to obtain other reinsurance contracts in adequate amounts and at favorable rates. in addition, we may be unable to obtain reinsurance on terms acceptable to us relating to certain lines of business that we intend to begin writing. if we are unable to renew our expiring contracts or to obtain new reinsurance contracts, either our net exposures would increase or, if we are unwilling to bear an increase in net exposures, we would have to reduce the level of our underwriting commitments, especially catastrophe exposed risks.
depending on conditions in the financial markets and the general economy, we may be unable to raise debt or equity capital if needed.
if conditions in the financial markets and the general economy are unfavorable, which may result from disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets, we may be unable to access debt or equity capital on acceptable terms if needed, which could have a negative impact on our ability to invest in our insurance company subsidiaries and/or to take advantage of opportunities to expand our business, such as possible acquisitions and the creation of new ventures, and inhibit our ability to refinance our existing indebtedness if we desire to do so, on terms acceptable to us.
we may not find suitable acquisition candidates or new insurance ventures and even if we do, we may not successfully integrate any such acquired companies or successfully invest in such ventures.
as part of our present strategy, we continue to evaluate possible acquisition transactions and the start-up of complementary businesses on an ongoing basis, and at any given time we may be engaged in discussions with respect to possible acquisitions and new ventures. we cannot assure you that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition targets or insurance ventures, that such transactions will be financed and completed on acceptable terms or that our future acquisitions or start-up ventures will be successful. our financial results could be adversely affected by acquired businesses not performing as projected, unforeseen liabilities, routine and unanticipated transaction-related charges, diversion of management time and resources to acquisition integration challenges or growth strategies, loss of key employees, challenges in integrating information technology systems of acquired companies with our own, amortization of expenses related to intangibles, charges for impairment of long-term assets or goodwill and indemnification. the process of integrating any companies we do acquire or investing in new ventures may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
if we experience difficulties with our information technology, telecommunications or other computer systems, our ability to conduct our business could be negatively or severely impacted.
our business is highly dependent upon our employees' ability to perform necessary business functions in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion. a shut-down of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications or other computer systems could significantly impair our employees' ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. in the event of a disaster such as a natural catastrophe, terrorist attack or industrial accident, or the infection of our systems by a malicious computer virus, our systems could be inaccessible for an extended period of time. in addition, because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials or failures of controls if demand for our service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. if our business continuity plans or system security does not sufficiently address such a business interruption, system failure or service denial, our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other necessary business functions could be significantly impaired and our business could be harmed.
failure to maintain the security of our networks and confidential data may expose us to liability.
although we have taken steps intended to protect our data and information technology systems and mitigate the risk of harm caused by cybersecurity incidents or breaches, no safeguards are perfect and any failure of these safeguards could cause a substantial disruption of our business operations, which could result in service interruptions, data security compromises, regulatory action, and other similar operational and legal issues, as well as substantial remediation and other costs. while, to our knowledge, we have not recently experienced any material security incidents, we are constantly managing an influx of attempts and efforts to infiltrate and compromise our systems and data. our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. computer viruses, hackers, employee misconduct and other external hazards could expose our data systems to security breaches. our electronic transmission of personal, confidential and proprietary information to third parties with whom we have business relationships and our outsourcing of certain technology and business process functions to third parties may expose us to enhanced risk related to data security. while we attempt to develop secure data transmission capabilities with these third-party vendors and others with whom we do business, our vendors and third parties could still suffer data breaches that could result in the exposure of sensitive data and the infiltration of our computer systems. our failure to effectively protect sensitive personal and/or proprietary information, whether owing to breaches of our own systems or those of our vendors, could result in significant monetary and reputational damages, material adverse effects to our financial condition,  costly litigation, or other regulatory enforcement actions. these increased risks, and expanding regulatory requirements regarding data security, including required compliance with the gdpr, ccpa, cpra and additional state-specific privacy statutes and regulations, could expose us to data loss, monetary and reputational damages and significant increases in compliance costs. as a result, our ability to conduct our business could be materially and adversely affected.
we could be adversely affected if our controls to ensure compliance with guidelines, policies and legal and regulatory standards are not effective.
our business is highly dependent on our ability to engage on a daily basis in a large number of insurance underwriting, claim processing and investment activities, many of which are highly complex. these activities often are subject to internal guidelines and policies, as well as legal and regulatory standards, including those related to privacy, anti-corruption, anti-bribery and global finance and insurance matters. our continued expansion into new international markets has brought about additional requirements. a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. if our controls are not effective, it could lead to financial loss, unanticipated risk exposure (including underwriting, credit and investment risk) or damage to our reputation.
we could be adversely affected by recent and future changes in u.s. federal income tax laws.
tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act, which was signed into law on december 22, 2017, fundamentally overhauled the u.s. tax system by, among other significant changes, reducing the u.s. corporate income tax rate to 21%. in the context of the taxation of u.s. property/casualty insurance companies such as the company, the act also modifies the loss reserve discounting rules and the proration rules that apply to reduce reserve deductions to reflect the lower corporate income tax rate. it is possible that other legislation could be introduced and enacted by the current congress or future congresses that could have an adverse impact on us. new regulations or pronouncements interpreting or clarifying provisions of the act may be forthcoming. we cannot predict if, when or in what form such regulations or pronouncements may be provided, whether such guidance will have a retroactive effect or their potential impact on us.
limitations in risk management and loss limitation methods may adversely impact our business.
we seek to effectively manage risk and limit our losses in a variety of ways including through effective underwriting, tailoring policy terms, and the use of reinsurance. however, there are certain limitations in these and similar tactics and as a result, loss levels may be higher than modeled or otherwise expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
increased scrutiny on social responsibility and the efforts we take to implement related measures, or the failure to take such measures, may adversely impact our business.
there is increased scrutiny from regulators and investors on the measures companies take to be socially responsible. although we have made efforts to be responsible in this manner, for example through our commitment to fostering a unifying culture and encouraging innovation across our operating units, these types of pressures may nonetheless present challenges and have an adverse impact on our business.  in addition, we may be subject to negative publicity based on a failure or perceived failure to achieve various social responsibility initiatives and goals relating to diversity, equity and inclusion, and commitment to long-term sustainability we may announce from time to time, or based on an actual or perceived increase in related risks as a result of our or our industry's business activities.
risks relating to our investments a significant amount of our assets is invested in fixed maturity securities and is subject to market fluctuations.
our investment portfolio consists substantially of fixed maturity securities. as of december 31, 2021, our investment in fixed maturity securities was approximately $16.6 billion, or 69.9% of our total investment portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents. as of that date, our portfolio of fixed maturity securities consisted of the following types of securities: u.s. government securities (5.2%); state and municipal securities (20.3%); corporate securities (33.7%); asset-backed securities (27.0%); mortgage-backed securities (6.5%) and foreign government (7.3%).
the fair value of these assets and the investment income from these assets fluctuate depending on general economic and market conditions. the fair value of fixed maturity securities generally decreases as interest rates rise. if significant inflation or an increase in interest rates were to occur, the fair value of our fixed maturity securities would be negatively impacted. conversely, if interest rates decline, investment income earned from future investments in fixed maturity securities will be lower. some fixed maturity securities, such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities, also carry prepayment risk as a result of interest rate fluctuations. additionally, given the low interest rate environment, we may not be able to successfully reinvest the proceeds from maturing securities at yields commensurate with our target performance goals.
the value of investments in fixed maturity securities is subject to impairment as a result of deterioration in the credit worthiness of the issuer, default by the issuer (including states and municipalities) in the performance of its obligations in respect of the securities and/or increases in market interest rates. to a large degree, the credit risk we face is a function of the economy; accordingly, we face a greater risk in an economic downturn or recession. during periods of market disruption, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities, particularly if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. there may be certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the then current financial environment. in such cases, more securities may require additional subjectivity and management judgment.
although the historical rates of default on state and municipal securities have been relatively low, our state and municipal fixed maturity securities could be subject to a higher risk of default or impairment due to declining municipal tax bases and revenue. many states and municipalities operate under deficits or projected deficits, the severity and duration of which could have an adverse impact on both the valuation of our state and municipal fixed maturity securities and the issuer's ability to perform its obligations thereunder. additionally, our investments are subject to losses as a result of a general decrease in commercial and economic activity for an industry sector in which we invest, as well as risks inherent in particular securities.
although we attempt to manage these risks through the use of investment guidelines and other oversight mechanisms and by diversifying our portfolio and emphasizing preservation of principal, our efforts may not be successful. impairments, defaults and/or rate increases could reduce our net investment income and net realized investment gains or result in investment losses. investment returns are currently, and will likely continue to remain, under pressure due to actions by the federal reserve, economic uncertainty, more generally, and the shape of the yield curve. as a result, our exposure to the risks described above could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
we have invested a portion of our assets in equity securities, merger arbitrage securities, investment funds, private equity, loans and real estate related assets, which are subject to significant volatility and may decline in value.
we invest a portion of our investment portfolio in equity securities, merger arbitrage securities, investment funds, private equity, loans and real estate related assets. at december 31, 2021, our investment in these assets was approximately $5.6 billion, or 23.5%, of our investment portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents.
merger and arbitrage trading securities were $1.2 billion, or 5.0% of our investment portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2021. merger arbitrage involves investing in the securities of publicly held companies that are the targets in announced tender offers and mergers. merger arbitrage differs from other types of investments in its focus on transactions and events believed likely to bring about a change in value over a relatively short time period, usually four months or less. our merger arbitrage positions are exposed to the risk associated with the completion of announced deals, which are subject to regulatory as well as political and other risks.
real estate related investments, including directly owned, investment funds and loans receivable, were $2.2 billion, or 9.3% of our investment portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents, at december 31, 2021. we also invest in real estate, financial services, energy, transportation and other investment funds. the values of these investments are subject to fluctuation based on changes in the economy and interest rates in general and the related asset valuations in particular. in addition, our investments in real estate related assets and other alternative investments are less liquid than our other investments.
these investments are subject to significant volatility as a result of the conditions in the financial and commodity markets and the global economy.
risks relating to limitations on dividends from subsidiaries and anti-takeover provisions we are an insurance holding company and, therefore, may not be able to receive dividends in needed amounts.
as an insurance holding company, our principal assets are the shares of capital stock of our insurance company subsidiaries. we have to rely on dividends from our insurance company subsidiaries to meet our obligations for paying principal and interest on outstanding debt obligations, paying dividends to stockholders and repurchasing our shares and paying corporate expenses. the payment of dividends by our insurance company subsidiaries is subject to regulatory restrictions and competitive pressures on maintaining financial strength ratings and will depend on the surplus and future earnings of these subsidiaries. during 2022, the maximum amount of dividends that can be paid without regulatory approval is approximately $966 million. future regulatory actions could further restrict our insurance subsidiaries' ability to pay us dividends. as a result, in the future we may not be able to receive dividends from these subsidiaries at times and in amounts necessary to meet our obligations, pay dividends or repurchase shares.
laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we conduct business could delay, deter or prevent an attempt to acquire control of us that stockholders might consider to be desirable, and may restrict a stockholder's ability to purchase our common stock.
generally, united states insurance holding company laws require that, before a person can acquire control of an insurance company, prior written approval must be obtained from the insurance regulatory authorities in the state in which that insurance company is domiciled. pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, "control" over an insurer is generally presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds the power to vote, or holds proxies representing 10% or more of the voting securities of that insurer or any parent company of such insurer. indirect ownership includes ownership of the shares of our common stock. thus, the insurance regulatory authorities of the states in which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled are likely to apply these restrictions on acquisition of control to any proposed acquisition of our common stock. some states require a person seeking to acquire control of an insurer licensed but not domiciled in that state to make a filing prior to completing an acquisition if the acquirer and its affiliates, on the one hand, and the target insurer and its affiliates, on the other hand, have specified market shares in the same lines of insurance in that state. additionally, many foreign jurisdictions where we conduct business impose similar restrictions and requirements.
these provisions can also lead to the imposition of conditions on an acquisition that could delay or prevent its consummation. these laws may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter or prevent a change in control of us through transactions, and in particular unsolicited transactions, that some or all of our stockholders might consider to be desirable.
certain provisions in our organizational documents may have the effect of hindering, delaying or preventing third party takeovers and thus may prevent our stockholders from receiving premium prices for their shares in an unsolicited takeover or make it more difficult for third parties to replace our current management.
provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws, as well as state insurance statutes, may hinder, delay or prevent unsolicited acquisitions or changes of our control. these provisions may also have the effect of making it more difficult for third parties to cause the replacement of our current management without the concurrence of our board of directors.
these provisions include:
•our classified board of directors and the ability of our board to increase its size and to appoint directors to fill newly created directorships;
•the requirement that 80% of our stockholders must approve mergers and other transactions between us and the holder of 5% or more of our shares, unless the transaction was approved by our board of directors prior to such holder's acquisition of 5% of our shares; and
•the need for advance notice in order to raise business or make nominations at stockholders' meetings.
these provisions may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter or prevent a change in control of us through transactions, and in particular unsolicited transactions, that some or all of our stockholders might consider to be desirable.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview w. r. berkley corporation is an insurance holding company that is among the largest commercial lines writers in the united states and operates worldwide in two segments of the property and casualty business: insurance and reinsurance & monoline excess. our decentralized structure provides us with the flexibility to respond quickly and efficiently to local or specific market conditions and to pursue specialty business niches. it also allows us to be closer to our customers in order to better understand their individual needs and risk characteristics. while providing our business units with certain operating autonomy, our structure allows us to capitalize on the benefits of economies of scale through centralized capital, investment, reinsurance, enterprise risk management, and actuarial, financial and corporate legal staff support. the company's primary sources of revenues and earnings are its insurance operations and its investments.
an important part of our strategy is to form new businesses to capitalize on various opportunities. over the years, the company has formed numerous businesses that are focused on important parts of the economy in the u.s., including healthcare, cyber security, energy and agriculture, and on growing international markets, including the asia-pacific region, south america and mexico.
the profitability of the company's insurance business is affected primarily by the adequacy of premium rates. the ultimate adequacy of premium rates is not known with certainty at the time an insurance policy is issued because premiums are determined before claims are reported. the ultimate adequacy of premium rates is affected mainly by the severity and frequency of claims, which are influenced by many factors, including natural and other disasters, regulatory measures and court decisions that define and change the extent of coverage and the effects of economic or social inflation on the amount of compensation for injuries or losses. general insurance prices are also influenced by available insurance capacity, i.e., the level of capital employed in the industry, and the industry's willingness to deploy that capital.
the company's profitability is also affected by its investment income and investment gains. the company's invested assets are invested principally in fixed maturity securities. the return on fixed maturity securities is affected primarily by general interest rates, as well as the credit quality and duration of the securities. returns available on fixed maturity investments have been at low levels for an extended period.
the company also invests in equity securities, merger arbitrage securities, investment funds, private equity, loans and real estate related assets. the company's investments in investment funds and its other alternative investments have experienced, and the company expects to continue to experience, greater fluctuations in investment income. the company's share of the earnings or losses from investment funds is generally reported on a one-quarter lag in order to facilitate the timely completion of the company's consolidated financial statements.
on february 23, 2022, the company announced that it has entered into an agreement for the sale of a real estate investment consisting of an office building located at 52 lime street, london, u.k. (known as "the scalpel") for £718 million, subject to agreed upon adjustments. the transaction is scheduled to close on march 7, 2022. the company estimates that it will realize a pretax gain of more than $300 million in the first quarter of 2022, subject to adjustment for final transaction expenses and certain items, including the impact of the foreign exchange rate at the date of the close.
the covid-19 pandemic, including the related impact on the u.s. and global economies, has materially and adversely affected our results of operations. for the year ended december 31, 2021, the company recorded approximately $58 million for current accident year covid-19-related losses, net of reinsurance. at the same time, covid-19 has led to reduced loss frequency in certain lines of business (which has begun to return to pre-pandemic levels as many economies and legal systems have reopened as a result of higher levels of vaccination). the ultimate impact of covid-19 on the economy and the company's results of operations, financial position and liquidity is not within the company's control and remains unclear due to, among other factors, uncertainty in connection with its claims, reserves and reinsurance recoverables.
the scope, duration and magnitude of the direct and indirect effects of covid-19 continue to evolve in ways that are difficult or impossible to anticipate. while many of the potential impacts on the company have receded as populations have begun to become vaccinated, new variants of the covid-19 virus, including the "omicron" variant, and the slowing of vaccination rates among certain populations, continue to create risks to the company. as a result, the impact of covid-19 on the company's results of operations for the year of 2021 is not necessarily indicative of its impact for 2022 or beyond. despite the effects of covid-19 to date, the company's financial position and liquidity improved for the year ended december 31, 2021.
critical accounting estimates the following presents a discussion of accounting policies and estimates relating to reserves for losses and loss expenses, assumed reinsurance premiums and other-than-temporary impairments of investments. management believes these policies and estimates are the most critical to its operations and require the most difficult, subjective and complex judgments.
reserves for losses and loss expenses. to recognize liabilities for unpaid losses, either known or unknown, insurers establish reserves, which is a balance sheet account representing estimates of future amounts needed to pay claims and related expenses with respect to insured events which have occurred. estimates and assumptions relating to reserves for losses and loss expenses are based on complex and subjective judgments, often including the interplay of specific uncertainties with related accounting and actuarial measurements. such estimates are also susceptible to change as significant periods of time may elapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the report of the loss to the insurer, the ultimate determination of the cost of the loss and the insurer's payment of that loss.
in general, when a claim is reported, claims personnel establish a "case reserve" for the estimated amount of the ultimate payment based upon known information about the claim at that time. the estimate represents an informed judgment based on general reserving practices and reflects the experience and knowledge of the claims personnel regarding the nature and value of the specific type of claim. reserves are also established on an aggregate basis to provide for losses incurred but not reported ("ibnr") to the insurer, potential inadequacy of case reserves and the estimated expenses of settling claims, including legal and other fees and general expenses of administrating the claims adjustment process. reserves are established based upon the then current legal interpretation of coverage provided.
in examining reserve adequacy, several factors are considered in estimating the ultimate economic value of losses. these factors include, among other things, historical data, legal developments, changes in social attitudes and economic conditions, including the effects of inflation. the actuarial process relies on the basic assumption that past experience, adjusted judgmentally for the effects of current developments and anticipated trends, is an appropriate basis for predicting future outcomes. reserve amounts are based on management's informed estimates and judgments using currently available data. as additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, these estimates and judgments may be revised. this may result in reserve increases or decreases that would be reflected in our results in periods in which such estimates and assumptions are changed.
reserves do not represent a certain calculation of liability. rather, reserves represent an estimate of what management expects the ultimate settlement and claim administration will cost. while the methods for establishing reserves are well tested over time, the major assumptions about anticipated loss emergence patterns are subject to uncertainty. these estimates, which generally involve actuarial projections, are based on management's assessment of facts and circumstances then known, as well as estimates of trends in claims severity and frequency, judicial theories of liability and other factors, including the actions of third parties which are beyond the company's control. these variables are affected by external and internal events, such as inflation and economic volatility, judicial and litigation trends, reinsurance coverage, legislative changes and claim handling and reserving practices, which make it more difficult to accurately predict claim costs. the inherent uncertainties of estimating reserves are greater for certain types of liabilities where long periods of time elapse before a definitive determination of liability is made. because setting reserves is inherently uncertain, the company cannot provide assurance that its current reserves will prove adequate in light of subsequent events.
loss reserves included in the company's financial statements represent management's best estimates based upon an actuarially derived point estimate and other considerations. the company uses a variety of actuarial techniques and methods to derive an actuarial point estimate for each business. these methods include paid loss development, incurred loss development, paid and incurred bornhuetter-ferguson methods and frequency and severity methods. in circumstances where one actuarial method is considered more credible than the others, that method is used to set the point estimate. for example, the paid loss and incurred loss development methods rely on historical paid and incurred loss data. for new lines of business, where there is insufficient history of paid and incurred claims data, or in circumstances where there have been significant changes in claim practices, the paid and incurred loss development methods would be less credible than other actuarial methods. the actuarial point estimate may also be based on a judgmental weighting of estimates produced from each of the methods considered. industry loss experience is used to supplement the company's own data in selecting "tail factors" and in areas where the company's own data is limited. the actuarial data is analyzed by line of business, coverage and accident or policy year, as appropriate, for each business.
the establishment of the actuarially derived loss reserve point estimate also includes consideration of qualitative factors that may affect the ultimate losses. these qualitative considerations include, among others, the impact of re-underwriting initiatives, changes in the mix of business, changes in distribution sources and changes in policy terms and conditions. examples of changes in terms and conditions that can have a significant impact on reserve levels are the use of aggregate policy limits, the expansion of coverage exclusions, whether or not defense costs are within policy limits, and changes in deductibles and attachment points.
the key assumptions used to arrive at the best estimate of loss reserves are the expected loss ratios, rate of loss cost inflation, and reported and paid loss emergence patterns. expected loss ratios represent management's expectation of losses at the time the business is priced and written, before any actual claims experience has emerged. this expectation is a significant determinant of the estimate of loss reserves for recently written business where there is little paid or incurred loss data to consider. expected loss ratios are generally derived from historical loss ratios adjusted for the impact of rate changes, loss cost trends and known changes in the type of risks underwritten. expected loss ratios are estimated for each key line of business within each business. expected loss cost inflation is particularly important for the long-tail lines, such as excess casualty, and claims with a high medical component, such as workers' compensation. reported and paid loss emergence patterns are used to project current reported or paid loss amounts to their ultimate settlement value. loss development factors are based on the historical emergence patterns of paid and incurred losses, and are derived from the company's own experience and industry data. the paid loss emergence pattern is also significant to excess and assumed workers' compensation reserves because those reserves are discounted to their estimated present value based upon such estimated payout patterns. management believes the estimates and assumptions it makes in the reserving process provide the best estimate of the ultimate cost of settling claims and related expenses with respect to insured events which have occurred; however, different assumptions and variables could lead to significantly different reserve estimates.
loss frequency and severity are measures of loss activity that are considered in determining the key assumptions described in our discussion of loss and loss expense reserves, including expected loss ratios, rate of loss cost inflation and reported and paid loss emergence patterns. loss frequency is a measure of the number of claims per unit of insured exposure, and loss severity is a measure of the average size of claims. factors affecting loss frequency include the effectiveness of loss controls and safety programs and changes in economic activity or weather patterns. factors affecting loss severity include changes in policy limits, retentions, rate of inflation and judicial interpretations.
another factor affecting estimates of loss frequency and severity is the loss reporting lag, which is the period of time between the occurrence of a loss and the date the loss is reported to the company. the length of the loss reporting lag affects our ability to accurately predict loss frequency (loss frequencies are more predictable for lines with short reporting lags) as well as the amount of reserves needed for incurred but not reported losses (less ibnr is required for lines with short reporting lags). as a result, loss reserves for lines with short reporting lags are likely to have less variation from initial loss estimates. for lines with short reporting lags, which include commercial automobile, primary workers' compensation, other liability (claims-made) and property business, the key assumption is the loss emergence pattern used to project ultimate loss estimates from known losses paid or reported to date. for lines of business with long reporting lags, which include other liability (occurrence), products liability, excess workers' compensation and liability reinsurance, the key assumption is the expected loss ratio since there is often little paid or incurred loss data to consider. historically, the company has experienced less variation from its initial loss estimates for lines of businesses with short reporting lags than for lines of business with long reporting lags.
the key assumptions used in calculating the most recent estimate of the loss reserves are reviewed each quarter and adjusted, to the extent necessary, to reflect the latest reported loss data, current trends and other factors observed. if the actual level of loss frequency and severity are higher or lower than expected, the ultimate losses will be different than management's estimate. the following table reflects the impact of changes (which could be favorable or unfavorable) in frequency and severity, relative to our assumptions, on our loss estimate for claims occurring in 2021:
(in thousands)                                                             frequency (+/-)
severity (+/-)              1%                            5%                           10%
1%     $98,916                      $297,732                      $546,252
5%     297,732                       504,422                       762,785
10%     546,252                       762,785                     1,033,450
our net reserves for losses and loss expenses of approximately $12.8 billion as of december 31, 2021 relate to multiple accident years. therefore, the impact of changes in frequency or severity for more than one accident year could be higher or lower than the amounts reflected above. the impact of such changes would likely be manifested gradually over the course of many years, as the magnitude of the changes became evident.
approximately $2.8 billion, or 22%, of the company's net loss reserves as of december 31, 2021 relate to the reinsurance & monoline excess segment. there is a higher degree of uncertainty and greater variability regarding estimates of excess workers' compensation and assumed reinsurance loss reserves. in the case of excess workers' compensation, our policies generally attach at $1 million or higher. the claims which reach our layer therefore tend to involve the most serious injuries and many remain open for the lifetime of the claimant, which extends the claim settlement tail. these claims also occur less frequently but tend to be larger than primary claims, which increases claim variability. in the case of assumed reinsurance our loss reserve estimates are based, in part, upon information received from ceding companies. if information received from ceding companies is not timely or correct, the company's estimate of ultimate losses may not be accurate. furthermore, due to delayed reporting of claim information by ceding companies, the claim settlement tail for assumed reinsurance is also extended. management considers the impact of delayed reporting and the extended tail in its selection of loss development factors for these lines of business.
information received from ceding companies is used to set initial expected loss ratios, to establish case reserves and to estimate reserves for incurred but not reported losses on assumed reinsurance business. this information, which is generally provided through reinsurance intermediaries, is gathered through the underwriting process and from periodic claim reports and other correspondence with ceding companies. the company performs underwriting and claim audits of selected ceding companies to determine the accuracy and completeness of information provided to the company. the information received from the ceding companies is supplemented by the company's own loss development experience with similar lines of business as well as industry loss trends and loss development benchmarks.
following is a summary of the company's reserves for losses and loss expenses by business segment as of december 31, 2021 and 2020:
(in thousands)                                                  2021   2020
insurance                                            $10,060,420                   $9,034,969
reinsurance &amp; monoline excess                      2,787,942                    2,585,424
net reserves for losses and loss expenses             12,848,362                   11,620,393
ceded reserves for losses and loss expenses            2,542,526                    2,164,037
gross reserves for losses and loss expenses          $15,390,888                  $13,784,430
following is a summary of the company's net reserves for losses and loss expenses by major line of business as of december 31, 2021 and 2020:
(in thousands)                                         reported case           incurred but               total reserves           not reported december 31, 2021
other liability                                    $1,724,907             $3,319,665             $5,044,572
workers' compensation (1)                           1,016,014                903,448              1,919,462
professional liability                                468,680              1,019,344              1,488,024
commercial automobile                                 504,821                424,382                929,203
short-tail lines (2)                                  322,917                356,242                679,159
total insurance                                     4,037,339              6,023,081             10,060,420
reinsurance &amp; monoline excess (1) (3)           1,475,623              1,312,319              2,787,942
total                                              $5,512,962             $7,335,400            $12,848,362
december 31, 2020
other liability                                    $1,534,514             $2,968,428             $4,502,942
workers' compensation (1)                             977,035                873,072              1,850,107
professional liability                                414,104                771,495              1,185,599
commercial automobile                                 442,975                398,688                841,663
short-tail lines (2)                                  295,313                359,345                654,658
total insurance                                     3,663,941              5,371,028              9,034,969
reinsurance &amp; monoline excess (1) (3)           1,442,099              1,143,325              2,585,424
total                                              $5,106,040             $6,514,353            $11,620,393
____________________
(1)reserves for excess and assumed workers' compensation business are net of an aggregate net discount of $452 million and $483 million as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(2)short-tail lines include commercial multi-peril (non-liability), inland marine, accident and health, fidelity and surety, boiler and machinery and other lines.
(3)reinsurance & monoline excess includes property and casualty reinsurance as well as operations that solely retain risk on an excess basis.
the company evaluates reserves for losses and loss expenses on a quarterly basis. changes in estimates of prior year losses are reported when such changes are made. the changes in prior year loss reserve estimates are generally the result of ongoing analysis of recent loss development trends. original estimates are increased or decreased as additional information becomes known regarding individual claims and aggregate claim trends.
certain of the company's insurance and reinsurance contracts are retrospectively rated, whereby the company collects more or less premiums based on the level of loss activity. for those contracts, changes in loss and loss expenses for prior years may be fully or partially offset by additional or return premiums.
net prior year development (i.e, the sum of prior year reserve changes and prior year earned premiums changes) for each of the last three years ended december 31, are as follows:
(in thousands)                                        2021   2020                    2019
increase in prior year loss reserves            $(863)                   $(627)                 $(34,079)
increase in prior year earned premiums           7,510                   16,807                    53,511
net favorable prior year development            $6,647                  $16,180                   $19,432
the covid-19 global pandemic has impacted, and may further impact, the company's results through its effect on claim frequency and severity. loss cost trends have been impacted and may be further impacted by covid-19-related claims in certain lines of business. losses incurred from covid-19-related claims have been offset, to a certain extent, by lower claim frequency in certain lines of our businesses; however, as the economy and legal systems have reopened, the benefit of lower claim frequency has begun to abate. although as populations have continued to be vaccinated against the virus and the effects of the pandemic have receded in many jurisdictions, most particularly the united states, it remains too early to determine the ultimate net impact of covid-19 on the company. new variants of the covid-19 virus, including the "omicron" variant, and the slowing of vaccination rates among certain populations continue to create risks with respect to loss costs and the potential for renewed impact of the other effects of covid-19 associated with economic conditions, inflation, and social distancing and work from home rules.
most of the covid-19-related claims reported to the company to date involve certain short-tailed lines of business, including contingency and event cancellation, business interruption, and film production delay. the company has also received covid-19-related claims for longer-tailed casualty lines of business such as workers' compensation and other liability; however, the estimated incurred loss impact for these reported claims are not material at this time. given the continuing uncertainty regarding the pandemic's pervasiveness, the future impact that the pandemic may have on claim frequency and severity remains uncertain at this time.
the company has estimated the potential covid-19 impact to its contingency and event cancellation, workers' compensation, and other lines of business under a number of possible scenarios; however, due to covid-19's continued evolving impact, there remains a high degree of uncertainty around the company's covid-19 reserves. in addition, should the pandemic continue or worsen as a result of new covid-19 variants or otherwise, governments in the jurisdictions where we operate may renew their efforts to expand policy coverage terms beyond the policy's intended coverage. accordingly, losses arising from these actions, and the other factors described above, could exceed the company's reserves established for those related policies.
as of december 31, 2021, the company had recognized losses for covid-19-related claims activity, net of reinsurance, of approximately $274 million, of which $233 million relates to the insurance segment and $41 million relates to the reinsurance & monoline excess segment. such $274 million of covid-19-related losses included $239 million of reported losses and $35 million of ibnr. for the year ended december 31, 2021, the company recognized current accident year losses for covid-19-related claims activity, net of reinsurance, of approximately $58 million, of which $54 million relates to the insurance segment and $4 million relates to the reinsurance & monoline excess segment.
favorable prior year development (net of additional and return premiums) was $7 million in 2021.
insurance - reserves for the insurance segment developed favorably by $20 million in 2021 (net of additional and return premiums). the overall favorable development in 2021 was attributable to favorable development on the 2020 accident year, partially offset by adverse development on the 2016 through 2019 accident years.
the favorable development on the 2020 accident year was largely concentrated in the commercial auto liability and other liability lines of business, including commercial multi-peril liability. during 2020 the company achieved larger rate increases in these lines of business than were contemplated in its budget and in its initial loss ratio selections. the company also experienced significantly lower reported claim frequency in these lines in 2020 relative to historical averages, and lower reported incurred losses relative to its expectations. we believe that the lower claim frequency and lower reported incurred losses were caused by the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, for example, lockdowns, reduced driving and traffic, work from home, and court closures. however, due to the uncertainty regarding the ultimate impacts of the pandemic on accident year 2020 incurred losses, the company elected not to react to these lower reported trends during 2020. as more information became available and the 2020 accident year continued to mature, during 2021 the company started to recognize favorable accident year 2020 development in response to the continuing favorable reported loss experience relative to its expectations.
the adverse development on the 2016 through 2019 accident years is concentrated largely in the other liability line of business, including commercial multi-peril liability, but is also seen to a lesser extent in commercial auto liability. the adverse development for these accident years is driven by a higher than expected number of large losses reported, and particularly impacted the directors and officers liability, lawyers professional liability, and excess and surplus lines casualty classes of business. we also believe that increased social inflation is contributing to the increased number of large losses, for example, higher jury awards on cases which go to trial, and the corresponding higher demands from plaintiffs and higher values required to reach settlement on cases which do not go to trial.
reinsurance & monoline excess - reserves for the reinsurance & monoline excess segment developed unfavorably by $13 million in 2021. the unfavorable development in the segment was driven by the non-proportional reinsurance assumed liability and other liability lines of business, related primarily to accident years 2017 through 2019, and was partially offset by favorable development in excess workers' compensation business which was spread across many prior accident years. the unfavorable non-proportional reinsurance assumed liability and other liability development was associated with our u.s. and u.k. assumed reinsurance business, and related primarily to accounts insuring construction projects and professional liability exposures.
favorable prior year development (net of additional and return premiums) was $16 million in 2020.
insurance - reserves for the insurance segment developed favorably by $24 million in 2020 (net of additional and return premiums). continuing the pattern seen in recent years, the overall favorable development in 2020 resulted from more significant favorable development on workers' compensation business, which was partially offset by unfavorable development on professional liability, including excess professional liability for workers' compensation, the favorable development was spread across almost all prior accident years, including prior to 2011, but was most significant in accident years 2016 through 2019. the favorable workers' compensation development reflects a continuation of the benign loss cost trends experienced during recent years, particularly the favorable claim frequency trends (i.e., number of reported claims per unit of exposure). the long term trend of declining workers' compensation frequency can be attributable to improved workplace safety. loss severity trends were also aided by our continued investment in claims handling initiatives such as medical case management services and vendor savings through usage of preferred provider networks and pharmacy benefit managers. reported workers' compensation losses in 2020 continued to be below our expectations at most of our businesses, and were below the assumptions underlying our initial loss ratio picks and our previous reserve estimates for most prior accident years.
for professional liability business, unfavorable development was driven mainly by large losses reported in the directors and officers ("d&o"), lawyers professional and excess hospital professional liability lines of business. for these lines of business, we continue to see an increase in the number of large losses reported and a lengthening of the reporting "tail" beyond historical levels. we believe a contributing cause is rising social inflation in the form of, for example, higher jury awards on cases that go to trial, and the corresponding higher demands from plaintiffs and higher values required to reach settlement on cases that do not go to trial. the unfavorable development for professional liability affected mainly accident years 2016 through 2018.
reinsurance & monoline excess - reserves for the reinsurance & monoline excess segment developed unfavorably by $8 million in 2020. the unfavorable development in the segment was driven by non-proportional assumed liability business written in both the u.s. and u.k., and was partially offset by favorable development on excess workers' compensation business. the unfavorable non-proportional assumed liability development was concentrated in accident years 2014 through 2018, and related primarily to accounts insuring construction projects and professional liability exposures.
favorable prior year development (net of additional and return premiums) was $19 million in 2019.
insurance - reserves for the insurance segment developed favorably by $21 million in 2019 (net of additional and return premiums). this overall favorable development resulted from more significant favorable development on workers' compensation business, which was partially offset by unfavorable development on professional liability and general liability business.
for workers' compensation, the favorable development was spread across many accident years, including prior to 2010, but was most significant in accident years 2014 through 2018, and particularly 2017 and 2018. the favorable workers' compensation development reflects a continuation during 2019 of the benign loss cost trends experienced during recent years, particularly the favorable claim frequency trends (i.e., number of reported claims per unit of exposure). the long term trend of declining workers' compensation frequency can be attributable to improved workplace safety. loss severity trends were also aided by our continued investment in claims handling initiatives such as medical case management services and vendor savings through usage of preferred provider networks and pharmacy benefit managers. our initial loss ratio "picks" for this line of business over the past few accident years have contemplated an increase in loss cost trends and reflect decreasing premium rates in the marketplace; reported workers' compensation losses in 2019 continued to be below our expectations at most of our operating units, and were below the assumptions underlying our initial loss ratio picks and our previous reserve estimates.
for professional liability business, the unfavorable development was driven mainly by an increase in the number of large losses reported in the lawyers professional liability and directors and officers ("d&o") liability lines of business. many of the lawyers large losses involved claims made against insured law firms relating to work performed on matters stemming from the 2008 financial crisis. these claims affected mainly accident years 2013 through 2016. in addition, for both of these lines of business, we have seen evidence of social inflation in the form of higher jury awards on cases that go to trial, and corresponding higher demands from plaintiffs and higher values required to reach settlement on cases that do not go to trial. the unfavorable development for d&o affected mainly accident years 2014 through 2017.
for general liability business, most of the unfavorable development emanated from our excess and surplus lines (e&s) businesses, and was driven by an increase in the number of large losses reported. many of these large losses were from construction and contracting classes of business, which have also been impacted by social inflation. the general liability unfavorable development impacted mainly accident years 2015 through 2018.
reinsurance & monoline excess - reserves for the reinsurance & monoline excess segment developed unfavorably by $2 million in 2019. the unfavorable development in the segment was driven by non-proportional assumed liability business in both the u.s. and u.k., and was largely offset by favorable development on excess workers' compensation business. the unfavorable non-proportional assumed liability development was concentrated in accident years 2015 through 2018, and included an adjustment for the ogden discount rate in the u.k.
reserve discount. the company discounts its liabilities for certain workers' compensation reserves. the amount of workers' compensation reserves that were discounted was $1,387 million and $1,655 million at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the aggregate net discount for those reserves, after reflecting the effects of ceded reinsurance, was $452 million and $483 million at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. at december 31, 2021, discount rates by year ranged from 0.7% to 6.5%, with a weighted average discount rate of 3.4%.
substantially all discounted workers' compensation reserves (97% of total discounted reserves at december 31, 2021) are excess workers' compensation reserves. in order to properly match loss expenses with income earned on investment securities supporting the liabilities, reserves for excess workers' compensation business are discounted using risk-free discount rates determined by reference to the u.s. treasury yield curve. these rates are determined annually based on the weighted average rate for the period. once established, no adjustments are made to the discount rate for that period, and any increases or decreases in loss reserves in subsequent years are discounted at the same rate, without regard to when any such adjustments are recognized. the expected loss and loss expense payout patterns subject to discounting are derived from the company's loss payout experience.
the company also discounts reserves for certain other long-duration workers' compensation reserves (representing approximately 3% of total discounted reserves at december 31, 2021), including reserves for quota share reinsurance and reserves related to losses regarding occupational lung disease. these reserves are discounted at statutory rates prescribed or permitted by the department of insurance of the state of delaware.
assumed reinsurance premiums. the company estimates the amount of assumed reinsurance premiums that it will receive under treaty reinsurance agreements at the inception of the contracts. these premium estimates are revised as the actual amount of assumed premiums is reported to the company by the ceding companies. as estimates of assumed premiums are made or revised, the related amount of earned premiums, commissions and incurred losses associated with those premiums are recorded. estimated assumed premiums receivable were approximately $60 million and $44 million at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the assumed premium estimates are based upon terms set forth in reinsurance agreements, information received from ceding companies during the underwriting and negotiation of agreements, reports received from ceding companies and discussions and correspondence with reinsurance intermediaries. the company also considers its own view of market conditions, economic trends and experience with similar lines of business. these premium estimates represent management's best estimate of the ultimate amount of premiums to be received under its assumed reinsurance agreements.
allowance for expected credit losses on investments.
fixed maturity securities - for fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position where the company intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery in value, the amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through net investment gains (losses). for fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position where the company does not intend to sell, or it is more likely than not that it will not be required to sell the security before recovery in value, the company evaluates whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or all other factors (non-credit factors). in making this assessment, the company considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors. if this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. if the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis, an allowance for expected credit losses is recorded for the credit loss through net investment gains (losses), limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. effective january 1, 2020, the allowance is adjusted for any change in expected credit losses and subsequent recoveries through net investment gains (losses). the impairment related to non-credit factors is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) .
the company's credit assessment of allowance for expected credit losses uses a third party model for available for sale and held to maturity securities, as well as loans receivable. the allowance for expected credit losses is generally based on the performance of the underlying collateral under various economic and default scenarios that involve subjective judgments and estimates by management. modeling these securities involves various factors, such as projected default rates, the nature and realizable value of the collateral, if any, the ability of the issuer to make scheduled payments, historical performance and other relevant economic and performance factors. a discounted cash flow analysis is used to ascertain the amount of the allowance for expected credit losses, if any. in general, the model reverts to the rating-level long-term average marginal default rates based on 10 years of historical data, beyond the forecast period. for other inputs, the model in most cases reverts to the baseline long-term assumptions linearly over 5 years beyond the forecast period. the long-term assumptions are based on the historical averages.
the company classifies its fixed maturity securities by credit rating, primarily based on ratings assigned by credit rating agencies. for purposes of classifying securities with different ratings, the company uses the average of the credit ratings assigned, unless in limited situations the company's own analysis indicates an internal rating is more appropriate. securities that are not rated by a rating agency are evaluated and classified by the company on a case-by-case basis.
a summary of the company's non-investment grade fixed maturity securities that were in an unrealized loss position at december 31, 2021 is presented in the table below.
($ in thousands)                       number of                    aggregate                 unrealized securities                   fair value                       loss foreign government                      38                     $130,621                    $38,849
corporate                                8                       26,903                      1,644
mortgage-backed securities               4                          210                         13
asset-backed securities                  2                          154                         14
state and municipal                      1                       14,594                        411
total                                   53                     $172,482                    $40,931
as of december 31, 2021, the company has recorded an allowance for expected credit losses on fixed maturity securities of $23 million. the company has evaluated the remaining fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position and believes the unrealized losses are due primarily to temporary market and sector-related factors rather than to issuer-specific factors. none of these securities are delinquent or in default under financial covenants. based on its assessment of these issuers, the company expects them to continue to meet their contractual payment obligations as they become due.
loans receivable - for loans receivable, the company estimates an allowance for expected credit losses based on relevant information about past events, including historical loss experience, current conditions and forecasts that affect the expected collectability of the amortized cost of the financial asset. the allowance for expected credit losses is presented as a reduction to amortized cost of the financial asset in the consolidated balance sheet and changes to the estimate for expected credit losses are recognized through net investment gains (losses). loans receivable are reported net of an allowance for expected credit losses of $2 million and $5 million as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
fair value measurements. the company's fixed maturity available for sale securities, equity securities, and its trading account securities are carried at fair value. fair value is defined as "the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date". the company utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for similar assets in active markets. level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. unobservable inputs may only be used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available. the fair value of the vast majority of the company's portfolio is based on observable data (other than quoted prices) and, accordingly, is classified as level 2.
in classifying particular financial securities in the fair value hierarchy, the company uses its judgment to determine whether the market for a security is active and whether significant pricing inputs are observable. the company determines the existence of an active market by assessing whether transactions occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide reliable pricing information. the company determines whether inputs are observable based on the use of such information by pricing services and external investment managers, the uninterrupted availability of such inputs, the need to make significant adjustments to such inputs and the volatility of such inputs over time. if the market for a security is determined to be inactive or if significant inputs used to price a security are determined to be unobservable, the security is categorized in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
because many fixed maturity securities do not trade on a daily basis, the company utilizes pricing models and processes which may include benchmark curves, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings and matrix pricing. market inputs used to evaluate securities include benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers and reference data. quoted prices are often unavailable for recently issued securities that are infrequently traded or securities that are only traded in private transactions. for publicly traded securities for which quoted prices are unavailable, the company determines fair value based on independent broker quotations and other observable market data. for securities traded only in private negotiations, the company determines fair value based primarily on the cost of such securities, which is adjusted to reflect prices of recent placements of securities of the same issuer, financial data, projections and business developments of the issuer and other relevant information.
the following is a summary of pricing sources for the company's fixed maturity securities available for sale as of december 31, 2021:
(in thousands)                                      carrying                    percent value                   of total pricing source:
independent pricing services                $16,261,437                       98.4    %
syndicate manager                                54,508                        0.3
directly by the company based on:
observable data                                 212,747                        1.3
total                                       $16,528,692                      100.0    %
independent pricing services - substantially all of the company's fixed maturity securities available for sale were priced by independent pricing services (generally one u.s. pricing service plus additional pricing services with respect to a limited number of foreign securities held by the company). the prices provided by the independent pricing services are generally based on observable market data in active markets (e.g., broker quotes and prices observed for comparable securities). the determination of whether markets are active or inactive is based upon the volume and level of activity for a particular asset class. the company reviews the prices provided by pricing services for reasonableness based upon current trading levels for similar securities. if the prices appear unusual to the company, they are re-examined and the value is either confirmed or revised. in addition, the company periodically performs independent price tests of a sample of securities to ensure proper valuation and to verify our understanding of how securities are priced. as of december 31, 2021, the company did not make any adjustments to the prices provided by the pricing services. based upon the company's review of the methodologies used by the independent pricing services, these securities were classified as level 2.
syndicate manager - the company has a 15% participation in a lloyd's syndicate, and the company's share of the securities owned by the syndicate is priced by the syndicate's manager. the majority of the securities are liquid, short duration fixed maturity securities. the company reviews the syndicate manager's pricing methodology and audited financial statements and holds discussions with the syndicate manager as necessary to confirm its understanding and agreement with security prices. based upon the company's review of the methodologies used by the syndicate manager, these securities were classified as level 2.
observable data - if independent pricing is not available, the company prices the securities directly. prices are based on observable market data where available, including current trading levels for similar securities and non-binding quotations from brokers. the company generally requests two or more quotes. if more than one quote is received, the company sets a price within the range of quotes received based on its assessment of the credibility of the quote and its own evaluation of the security. the company generally does not adjust quotes obtained from brokers. since these securities were priced based on observable data, they were classified as level 2.
cash flow model - if the above methodologies are not available, the company prices securities using a discounted cash flow model based upon assumptions as to prevailing credit spreads, interest rates and interest rate volatility, time to maturity and subordination levels. discount rates are adjusted to reflect illiquidity where appropriate. these securities were classified as level 3.
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020
business segment results following is a summary of gross and net premiums written, net premiums earned, loss ratios (losses and loss expenses incurred expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned), expense ratios (underwriting expenses expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned) and gaap combined ratios (sum of loss ratio and expense ratio) for each of our business segments for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020. the gaap combined ratio represents a measure of underwriting profitability, excluding investment income. a gaap combined ratio in excess of 100 indicates an underwriting loss; a number below 100 indicates an underwriting profit.
(in thousands)                                         2021                         2020
insurance gross premiums written                       $9,471,667                   $7,837,496
net premiums written                          7,743,814                    6,347,101
net premiums earned                           7,077,708                    6,067,669
loss ratio                                         61.1   %                     64.9   %
expense ratio                                      28.3                         30.3
gaap combined ratio                                89.4                         95.2
reinsurance &amp; monoline excess gross premiums written                       $1,228,467                   $1,010,151
net premiums written                          1,119,053                      915,336
net premiums earned                           1,028,323                      863,174
loss ratio                                         61.0   %                     61.3   %
expense ratio                                      29.7                         31.8
gaap combined ratio                                90.7                         93.1
consolidated gross premiums written                      $10,700,134                   $8,847,647
net premiums written                          8,862,867                    7,262,437
net premiums earned                           8,106,031                    6,930,843
loss ratio                                         61.1   %                     64.5   %
expense ratio                                      28.5                         30.4
gaap combined ratio                                89.6                         94.9
net income to common stockholders. the following table presents the company's net income to common stockholders and net income per diluted share for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020.
(in thousands, except per share data)                     2021   2020
net income to common stockholders               $1,022,490                   $530,670
weighted average diluted shares                    186,499                    188,763
net income per diluted share                         $5.48                      $2.81
the company reported net income of $1,022 million in 2021 compared to $531 million in 2020. the $491 million increase in net income was primarily due to an after-tax increase in underwriting income of $397 million mainly due to the growth in premium rates and exposure as well as reductions in loss ratio partly due to lower catastrophe losses and in expense ratio driven by net earned premium growth outpacing expense growth, an after-tax increase in net investment income of $71 million primarily due to investment funds, a reduction of $33 million in tax expense due to a change in the effective tax rate, an after-tax increase in foreign currency gains of $21 million, an after-tax increase in profits from non-insurance businesses of $9 million due to sales rebounding from the pandemic, an after-tax increase in profit from insurance service businesses of $4 million, and an after-tax reduction in interest expenses of $3 million due to early refinancings, partially offset by an after-tax increase in corporate expenses of $31 million mainly due to increased incentive compensation costs, an after-tax reduction in net investment gains of $10 million primarily due to the sale of real estate in 2020 and an after-tax increase of $6 million in minority interest. the number of weighted average diluted shares decreased by 2.3 million for 2021 compared to 2020 mainly reflecting shares repurchased in 2020 and 2021.
premiums. gross premiums written were $10,700 million in 2021, an increase of 21% from $8,848 million in 2020. the increase was due to the growth in the insurance segment of $1,634 million and $218 million in the reinsurance & monoline excess segment. approximately 82% of premiums expiring in 2021 were renewed, and 79% of premiums expiring in
2020 were renewed.
average renewal premium rates for insurance and facultative reinsurance increased 9.1% in 2021 and 11.3% in 2020, when adjusted for changes in exposures. average renewal premium rates for insurance and facultative reinsurance excluding workers' compensation increased 10.4% in 2021 and 13.6% in 2020, when adjusted for changes in exposures.
a summary of gross premiums written in 2021 compared with 2020 by line of business within each business segment follows:
•insurance gross premiums increased 21% to $9,472 million in 2021 from $7,837 million in 2020. gross premiums increased $557 million (20%) for other liability, $497 million (42%) for professional liability, $272 million (15%) for short-tail lines, $261 million (28%) for commercial auto, and $48 million (4%) for workers' compensation.
•reinsurance & monoline excess gross premiums increased 22% to $1,228 million in 2021 from $1,010 million in 2020. gross premiums written increased $173 million (29%) for casualty lines, $33 million (17%) for monoline excess, and $12 million (5%) for property lines.
net premiums written were $8,863 million in 2021, an increase of 22% from $7,262 million in 2020. ceded reinsurance premiums as a percentage of gross written premiums were 17% in 2021 and 18% in 2020.
premiums earned increased 17% to $8,106 million in 2021 from $6,931 million in 2020. insurance premiums (including the impact of rate changes) are generally earned evenly over the policy term, and accordingly recent rate increases will be earned over the upcoming quarters. premiums earned in 2021 are related to business written during both 2021 and 2020. audit premiums were $195 million in 2021 compared with $128 million in 2020.
net investment income. following is a summary of net investment income for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020:
amount                                    average annualized yield
(in thousands)                                                                                       2021   2020                                       2021                          2020
fixed maturity securities, including cash and cash equivalents and loans receivable          $382,001                   $426,563                   2.2    %                      2.7    %
investment funds                                                                              220,014                     54,253                  15.8                           4.5
arbitrage trading account                                                                      37,676                     77,931                   5.3                          14.6
real estate                                                                                     7,703                     24,027                   0.4                           1.2
equity securities                                                                              32,020                     10,172                   5.0                           2.7
gross investment income                                                                       679,414                    592,946                   3.1                           3.0
investment expenses                                                                           (7,796)                    (9,125)                     -                             -
total                                                                                        $671,618                   $583,821                   3.0    %                      2.9    %
net investment income increased 15% to $672 million in 2021 from $584 million in 2020 primarily due to a $166 million increase in income from investment funds, a $22 million increase in equity securities and an $1 million reduction in investment expenses, partially offset by a $45 million reduction in income from fixed maturity securities driven by lower investment yields, a $40 million reduction in arbitrage trading account and a $16 million reduction from real estate. investment funds are reported on a one quarter lag. the average annualized yield for fixed maturity securities was 2.2% in 2021 and 2.7% in 2020. the effective duration of the fixed maturity portfolio was 2.4 years at both december 31, 2021 and 2020. the company maintained the shortened duration of its fixed maturity security portfolio, thereby reducing the potential impact of mark-to-market on the portfolio and positioning the company to react quickly to changes in the current interest rate environment. average invested assets, at cost (including cash and cash equivalents), were $22.2 billion in 2021 and $20.0 billion in 2020.
insurance service fees. the company earns fees from an insurance distribution business, a third-party administrator, and as a servicing carrier of workers' compensation assigned risk plans for certain states. insurance service fees increased to $94 million in 2021 from $89 million in 2020.
net realized and unrealized gains on investments. the company buys and sells securities and other investment assets on a regular basis in order to maximize its total return on investments. decisions to sell securities and other investment assets are based on management's view of the underlying fundamentals of specific investments as well as management's expectations regarding interest rates, credit spreads, currency values and general economic conditions. net realized and unrealized gains on investments were $107 million in 2021 compared with $74 million in 2020. in 2021, the gains reflected net realized gains on investments of $145 million were partially offset by a change in unrealized losses on equity securities of $38 million. in 2020, the gains reflected net realized gains on investments of $99 million, primarily including the sale of a building for a gain of $105 million, partially offset by an increase in unrealized losses on equity securities of $25 million.
change in allowance for expected credit losses on investments. based on credit factors, the allowance for expected credit losses is increased or decreased depending on the percentage of unrealized loss relative to amortized cost by security, changes in rating of the security by a rating agency, and adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors. for the year ended december 31, 2021, the pre-tax change in allowance for expected credit losses on investments increased by $16 million ($13 million after-tax), which is reflected in net investment gains, primarily related to foreign government securities which did not previously have an allowance. for the year ended december 31, 2020, the pre-tax change in allowance for expected credit losses on investments decreased by $29 million ($23 million after-tax), which is reflected in net investment gains.
revenues from non-insurance businesses. revenues from non-insurance businesses were derived from businesses engaged in the distribution of promotional merchandise, world-wide textile solutions, and aviation-related businesses that provide services to aviation markets, including (i) the distribution, manufacturing, repair and overhaul of aircraft parts and components, (ii) the sale of new and used aircraft, and (iii) avionics, fuel, maintenance, storage and charter services. revenues from non-insurance businesses were $489 million in 2021 and $390 million in 2020. the increase mainly relates to the business recovery from covid-19 on aviation-related and textile businesses.
losses and loss expenses. losses and loss expenses increased to $4,954 million in 2021 from $4,469 million in 2020. the consolidated loss ratio was 61.1% in 2021 and 64.5% in 2020. catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance recoveries, were $202 million (including current accident year losses of approximately $58 million related to covid-19) in 2021 compared with $340 million in 2020 (including losses of approximately $171 million related to covid-19). favorable prior year reserve development (net of premium offsets) was $7 million in 2021 compared with $16 million in 2020. the loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and prior year reserve development decreased 1.1 points to 58.7% in 2021 from 59.8% in 2020.
a summary of loss ratios in 2021 compared with 2020 by business segment follows:
•insurance - the loss ratio of 61.1% in 2021 was 3.8 points lower than the loss ratio of 64.9% in 2020. catastrophe losses were $150 million in 2021 compared with $307 million in 2020. the company reflected a best estimate (net of reinsurance) based upon available information for current accident year covid-19-related losses of approximately $54 million, primarily related to contingency and event cancellation coverage. favorable prior year reserve development was $20 million in 2021 compared with $24 million in 2020. the loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and prior year reserve development decreased 0.9 points to 59.3% in 2021 from 60.2% in 2020.
•reinsurance & monoline excess - the loss ratio of 61.0% in 2021 was 0.3 points lower than the loss ratio of 61.3% in 2020. catastrophe losses were $52 million in 2021 compared with $33 million in 2020. the company reflected a best estimate (net of reinsurance) based upon available information for current accident year covid-19-related losses of approximately $4 million, primarily related to excess workers' compensation. adverse prior year reserve development was $13 million in 2021 compared with $8 million in 2020. the loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and prior year reserve development decreased 1.9 points to 54.7% in 2021 from 56.6% in 2020.
other operating costs and expenses. following is a summary of other operating costs and expenses:
(in thousands)                                                           2021                        2020
policy acquisition and insurance operating expenses            $2,306,727                   $2,111,013
insurance service expenses                                         86,003                       85,724
net foreign currency (gains) losses                              (25,725)                          363
debt extinguishment costs                                          11,521                        8,440
other costs and expenses                                          220,744                      184,852
total                                                          $2,599,270                   $2,390,392
policy acquisition and insurance operating expenses are comprised of commissions paid to agents and brokers, premium taxes and other assessments and internal underwriting costs. policy acquisition and insurance operating expenses increased 9% from 2020, while net premiums earned increased 17% over that period. the expense ratio (policy acquisition and insurance operating expenses expressed as a percentage of premiums earned) was 28.5% in 2021 and 30.4% in 2020. the improvement is primarily attributable to higher net premiums earned outpacing compensation expense growth. however, to the extent our net premiums earned decrease or travel and entertainment expenses increase, due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic or otherwise, our expense ratio would be expected to increase.
service expenses, which represent the costs associated with the fee-based businesses, was $86 million in both 2021 and 2020.
net foreign currency (gains) losses result from transactions denominated in a currency other than a businesses' functional currency. net foreign currency gains was $26 million in 2021 compared to losses of $0.4 million in 2020, mainly due to u.s. dollar strengthening in relation to a wide spectrum of currencies in 2021.
debt extinguishment costs of $12 million in 2021 related to the redemption of $400 million of subordinated debentures in march and june 2021 that were due in 2056. debt extinguishment costs of $8 million in 2020 related to the redemption of subordinated debentures that were due in 2053.
other costs and expenses represent general and administrative expenses of the parent company and other expenses not allocated to business segments, including the cost of certain long-term incentive plans and new business ventures. other costs and expenses increased to $221 million in 2021 from $185 million in 2020, primarily due to the increase in performance-based compensation costs in 2021.
expenses from non-insurance businesses. expenses from non-insurance businesses represent costs associated with businesses engaged in the distribution of promotional merchandise, world-wide textile solutions, and aviation-related businesses that include (i) cost of goods sold related to aircraft and products sold and services provided and (ii) general and administrative expenses. expenses from non-insurance businesses were $472 million in 2021 compared to $384 million in 2020. the increase mainly relates to the business recovery from covid-19 on aviation-related and textile businesses.
interest expense. interest expense was $147 million in 2021 and $151 million in 2020. in may 2020, the company issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.00% senior notes due 2050. in september 2020, the company issued an additional $170 million aggregate principal amount of 4.00% senior notes due 2050 and $250 million aggregate principal amount of 4.25% subordinated debentures due 2060 and repaid $300 million aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes at maturity. in october 2020, the company redeemed $350 million aggregate principal amount of 5.625% subordinated debentures due 2053. in february 2021, the company issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% subordinated debentures due 2061. in march 2021, the company issued $400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.55% senior notes due 2052 and redeemed its $110 million aggregate principal amount of 5.90% subordinated debentures due 2056. in june 2021, the company redeemed the $290 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.75% subordinated debentures due 2056. in september 2021, the company issued $350 million aggregate principal amount of 3.15% senior notes due 2061. the redemptions resulted in debt extinguishment costs of $12 million in 2021. additionally, in the second quarter of 2021, the company sold a real estate asset which, resulted in a $102 million reduction of the company's non-recourse debt that was supporting the property.
the redemption of debentures and issuance of additional debentures in 2021 combined with maturities in 2022, as described below in "liquidity and capital resources -- debt," are expected to decrease interest expense in 2022 and forward.
income taxes. the effective income tax rate was 19.6% in 2021 and 24.4% in 2020. the effective income tax rate differs from the federal income tax rate of 21% principally driven by tax benefits attributable to tax-exempt investment income and equity-based compensation. see note 16 of the consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of the income tax expense and the amounts computed by applying the federal and foreign income tax rate of 21%.
the company has not provided u.s. deferred income taxes on the undistributed earnings of approximately $126.7 million of its non-u.s. subsidiaries since these earnings are intended to be permanently reinvested in the non-u.s. subsidiaries. in the future, if such earnings were distributed the company projects that the incremental tax, if any, will be immaterial.
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019
for a comparison of the company's results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 to the year ended december 31, 2019, see item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, which was filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 18, 2021.
investments as part of its investment strategy, the company establishes a level of cash and highly liquid short-term and intermediate-term securities that, combined with expected cash flow, it believes is adequate to meet its payment obligations. due to the low fixed maturity investment returns, the company invests in equity securities, merger arbitrage securities, investment funds, private equity, loans and real estate related assets. the company's investments in investment funds and its other alternative investments have experienced, and the company expects to continue to experience, greater fluctuations in investment income.
the company also attempts to maintain an appropriate relationship between the effective duration of the investment portfolio and the approximate duration of its liabilities (i.e., policy claims and debt obligations). the effective duration of the investment portfolio was 2.4 years at both december 31, 2021 and 2020. the company's investment portfolio and investment-related assets as of december 31, 2021 were as follows:
($ in thousands)                                             carrying                    percent value                   of total fixed maturity securities:
u.s. government and government agencies                 $855,343                        3.6    %
state and municipal:
special revenue                                        2,092,438                        8.8
state general obligation                                 455,323                        1.9
local general obligation                                 430,697                        1.8
pre-refunded (1)                                         222,225                        1.0
corporate backed                                         172,602                        0.7
total state and municipal                              3,373,285                       14.2
mortgage-backed securities:
agency                                                   752,318                        3.2
residential-prime                                        186,260                        0.8
commercial                                               128,756                        0.5
residential-alt a                                          5,570                          -
total mortgage-backed securities                       1,072,904                        4.5
asset-backed securities                                4,490,565                       18.9
corporate:
industrial                                             3,273,163                       13.8
financial                                              1,763,400                        7.4
utilities                                                406,302                        1.7
other                                                    152,810                        0.7
total corporate                                        5,595,675                       23.6
foreign government                                     1,214,901                        5.1
total fixed maturity securities                       16,602,673                       69.9
equity securities available for sale:
common stocks                                            695,403                        2.9
preferred stocks                                         245,840                        1.1
total equity securities available for sale               941,243                        4.0
cash and cash equivalents                              1,568,843                        6.6
real estate                                            1,852,508                        7.8
investment funds                                       1,480,612                        6.2
arbitrage trading account                              1,179,606                        5.0
loans receivable                                         115,172                        0.5
total investments                                    $23,740,657                      100.0    %
______________
(1)pre-refunded securities are securities for which an escrow account has been established to fund the remaining payments of principal and interest through maturity. such escrow accounts are funded almost exclusively with u.s. treasury and u.s. government agency securities.
fixed maturity securities. the company's investment policy with respect to fixed maturity securities is generally to purchase instruments with the expectation of holding them to their maturity. however, management of the available for sale portfolio is considered necessary to maintain an approximate matching of assets and liabilities as well as to adjust the portfolio as a result of changes in financial market conditions and tax considerations.
the company's philosophy related to holding or selling fixed maturity securities is based on its objective of maximizing total return. the key factors that management considers in its investment decisions as to whether to hold or sell fixed maturity securities are its view of the underlying fundamentals of specific securities as well as its expectations regarding interest rates, credit spreads and currency values. in a period in which management expects interest rates to rise, the company may sell longer duration securities in order to mitigate the impact of an interest rate rise on the fair value of the portfolio. similarly, in a period in which management expects credit spreads to widen, the company may sell lower quality securities, and in a period in which management expects certain foreign currencies to decline in value, the company may sell securities denominated in those foreign currencies. the sale of fixed maturity securities in order to achieve the objective of maximizing total return may result in realized gains; however, there is no reason to expect these gains to continue in future periods.
equity securities. equity securities primarily represent investments in common and preferred stocks in companies with potential growth opportunities in different sectors, mainly in the financial institutions and energy sectors.
investment funds. at december 31, 2021, the carrying value of investment funds was $1,481 million, including investments in financial services funds of $432 million, transportation funds of $337 million, other funds of $288 million (which includes a deferred compensation trust asset of $34 million), real estate funds of $274 million, and energy funds of $150 million. investment funds are primarily reported on a one-quarter lag.
real estate. real estate is directly owned property held for investment. at december 31, 2021, real estate properties in operation included a long-term ground lease in washington d.c., an office complex in new york city, an office building in london, and the completed portion of a mixed-use project in washington d.c. in addition, part of the previously mentioned mixed-use project in washington d.c. is under development. the company expects to fund further development costs for the project with a combination of its own funds and external financing.
arbitrage trading account. the arbitrage trading account is comprised of direct investments in arbitrage securities. merger arbitrage is the business of investing in the securities of publicly held companies that are the targets in announced tender offers and mergers.
loans receivable. loans receivable, which are carried at amortized cost (net of allowance for expected credit losses), had an amortized cost of $115 million and an aggregate fair value of $117 million at december 31, 2021. the amortized cost of loans receivable is net of an allowance for expected credit losses of $2 million as of december 31, 2021. loans receivable include real estate loans of $89 million that are secured by commercial and residential real estate located primarily in new york. real estate loans generally earn interest at fixed or stepped interest rates and have maturities through 2026. loans receivable include commercial loans of $26 million that are secured by business assets and have fixed interest rates with varying maturities not exceeding 10 years.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow. cash flow provided from operating activities increased to $2,184 million in 2021 from $1,617 million in 2020, primarily due to an increase in premium receipts, net of reinsurance and commissions settled, partially offset by loss and loss expense payments as well as payments to tax authorities.
the company's insurance subsidiaries' principal sources of cash are premiums, investment income, service fees and proceeds from sales and maturities of portfolio investments. the principal uses of cash are payments for claims, taxes, operating expenses and dividends. the company expects its insurance subsidiaries to fund the payment of losses with cash received from premiums, investment income and fees. the company generally targets an average duration for its investment portfolio that is within 1.5 years of the average duration of its liabilities so that portions of its investment portfolio mature throughout the claim cycle and are available for the payment of claims if necessary. in the event operating cash flow and proceeds from maturities and prepayments of fixed maturity securities are not sufficient to fund claim payments and other cash requirements, the remainder of the company's cash and investments is available to pay claims and other obligations as they become due. the company's investment portfolio is highly liquid, with approximately 76.6% invested in cash, cash equivalents and marketable fixed maturity securities as of december 31, 2021. if the sale of fixed maturity securities were to become necessary, a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the cost and sales price of securities sold would be recognized.
debt. at december 31, 2021, the company had senior notes, subordinated debentures and other debt outstanding with a carrying value of $3,267 million and a face amount of $3,292 million, including $300 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.125% subordinated debentures due 2061 issued in february 2021, $400 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.55% senior notes due 2052 issued in march 2021 and $350 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.15% senior notes due 2061 issued in september 2021. the company redeemed its $110 million aggregate principal amount of 5.90% subordinated debentures due 2056 on march 1, 2021 and its $290 million aggregate principal amount of 5.75% subordinated debentures due 2056 on june 1, 2021. additionally, in the second quarter of 2021, the company sold a real estate asset which resulted in a $102 million reduction of the company's non-recourse debt that was supporting the property. the maturities of the outstanding debt are $427 million in 2022, $6 million in 2024, $4 million in 2025, $250 million in 2037, $350 million in 2044, $470 million in 2050, $400 million in 2052, $185 million in 2058, $300 million in 2059, $250 million in 2060, and $650 million in 2061.
equity. at december 31, 2021, total common stockholders' equity was $6.7 billion, common shares outstanding were 176,780,588 and stockholders' equity per outstanding share was $37.63. the company repurchased 1,752,619 and 6,363,301 shares of its common stock in 2021 and 2020, respectively. the aggregate cost of the repurchases was $122 million in 2021 and $346 million in 2020. in 2021, the board declared regular quarterly cash dividends of $0.12 per share in the first quarter, and $0.13 per share in each of the remaining three quarters, as well as special dividends of $0.50 per share in the second quarter and $1.00 per share in the fourth quarter for a total of $356 million in aggregate dividends in 2021.
total capital. total capitalization (equity, debt and subordinated debentures) was $9.9 billion at december 31, 2021. the percentage of the company's capital attributable to senior notes, subordinated debentures and other debt was 33% and 30% at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
federal and foreign income taxes the company files a consolidated income tax return in the u.s. and foreign tax returns in each of the countries in which it has overseas operations. at december 31, 2021, the company had a gross deferred tax asset of $535 million (which primarily relates to loss and loss expense reserves and unearned premium reserves). the company also has a $75 million valuation allowance against the gross deferred tax asset and a gross deferred tax liability of $420 million (which primarily relates to deferred policy acquisition costs, and various investment funds) resulting in a net deferred tax asset of $40 million. the realization of this asset is dependent upon the company's ability to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods. based on historical results and the prospects for future operations, management anticipates that it is more likely than not that future taxable income will be sufficient for the realization of this asset.
reinsurance the company follows customary industry practice of reinsuring a portion of its exposures in exchange for paying reinsurers a part of the premiums received on the policies it writes. reinsurance is purchased by the company principally to reduce its net liability on individual risks and to protect against catastrophic losses. although reinsurance does not legally discharge an insurer from its primary liability for the full amount of the policies, it does make the assuming reinsurer liable to the insurer to the extent of the reinsurance coverage. the company monitors the financial condition of its reinsurers and attempts to place its coverages only with financially sound carriers. reinsurance coverage and retentions vary depending on the line of business, location of the risk and nature of loss. the company's reinsurance purchases include the following:
•property reinsurance treaties - the company purchases property reinsurance to reduce its exposure to large individual property losses and catastrophe events. following is a summary of significant property reinsurance treaties in effect as of january 1, 2022: the company's property per risk reinsurance generally covers losses between $2.5 million and $65 million. the company's catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance program provides protection for net losses in excess of between $23.4 million and $40.2 million up to $500 million for the majority of u.s. business written by its insurance segment businesses and u.s. and non-u.s. business written by lloyd's syndicate, excluding offshore energy; this includes some co-participation in lower layers. the company's catastrophe reinsurance agreements are subject to certain limits, exclusions and reinstatement premiums.
•casualty reinsurance treaties - the company purchases casualty reinsurance to reduce its exposure to large individual casualty losses, workers' compensation catastrophe losses and casualty losses involving multiple claimants or insureds for the majority of business written by its u.s. companies. a significant casualty treaty (casualty catastrophe) in effect as of january 1, 2022 provides significant protection for losses between $10 million and $75 million from single events with claims involving two or more insurable interests or for systemic events involving multiple insureds and/or policy years. the treaty also covers casualty contingency losses in excess of $5 million and up to $100 million. for losses involving two or more claimants for primary workers' compensation business, coverage is generally in place for losses between $10 million and $550 million. for excess workers' compensation business, such coverage is generally in place for losses between $25 million and $550 million. our workers' compensation catastrophe reinsurance program is a shared cover for both excess and primary workers' compensation business.
•facultative reinsurance - the company also purchases facultative reinsurance on certain individual policies or risks that are in excess of treaty reinsurance capacity.
•other reinsurance - depending on the business, the company purchases specific additional reinsurance to supplement the above programs.
•effective january 1, 2022, lifson re will continue to be a participant on the majority of the company's reinsurance placements for a 22.5% share of the placed amounts. this pertains to all traditional treaty reinsurance/retrocessional placements for both property and casualty business where there is more than one open market reinsurer participating. lifson re has been capitalized with more than $250 million of equity from a small group of sophisticated global investors with long-term investment horizons, including a minority participation by the company. lifson re will participate on a fully collateralized basis.
the company places a number of its casualty treaties on a "risk attaching" basis. under risk attaching treaties, all claims from policies incepting during the period of the reinsurance contract are covered even if they occur after the expiration date of the reinsurance contract. if the company is unable to renew or replace its existing reinsurance coverage, protection for unexpired policies would remain in place until their expiration. in such case, the company could revise its underwriting strategy for new business to reflect the absence of reinsurance protection. the casualty catastrophe treaty highlighted above was purchased on a losses discovered basis. property catastrophe and workers' compensation catastrophe reinsurance is generally placed on a "losses occurring basis," whereby only claims occurring during the period are covered. if the company is unable to renew or replace these reinsurance coverages, unexpired policies would not be protected, though we frequently have the option to purchase run-off coverage in our treaties.
following is a summary of earned premiums and loss and loss expenses ceded to reinsurers for each of the three years ended december 31, 2021:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                2021   2020                            2019
earned premiums                     $1,805,341                      $1,499,948                      $1,328,843
losses and loss expenses             1,236,960                         955,630                         836,831
ceded earned premiums increased 20.4% in 2021 to $1,805 million. the ceded losses and loss expenses ratio increased 5 points to 69% in 2021 from 64% in 2020.
the following table presents the credit quality of amounts due from reinsurers as of december 31, 2021. amounts due from reinsurers are net of reserves for uncollectible reinsurance of $1 million in the aggregate.
(in thousands)
reinsurer                                    rating         (1)                     amount amounts due in excess of $20 million:
munich re                                    aa-                             $313,150
lloyd's of london                            a+                               308,119
partner re                                   a+                               231,251
alleghany group                              a+                               204,699
swiss re                                     aa-                              203,165
hannover re group                            aa-                              167,906
everest re                                   a+                               162,432
renaissance re                               a+                               138,408
berkshire hathaway                           aa+                              126,806
axis capital                                 a+                                88,938
liberty mutual                               a                                 85,367
arch capital group                           a+                                58,156
korean re                                    a                                 55,643
fairfax financial                            a-                                43,975
axa insurance                                aa-                               40,014
markel corp group                            a                                 26,737
sompo holdings group                         a+                                24,220
helvetia holdings group                      a+                                23,986
other reinsurers:
rated a- or better                                                            188,195
secured (2)                                                                   200,969
all others                                                                     25,365
subtotal                                                                   $2,717,501
residual market pools (3)                                                     213,238
allowance for expected credit losses                                          (7,713)
total                                                                      $2,923,026
_________________
(1)s&p rating, or if not rated by s&p, a.m. best rating.
(2)secured by letters of credit or other forms of collateral.
(3)many states require licensed insurers that provide workers' compensation insurance to participate in programs that provide workers' compensation to employers that cannot procure coverage from an insurer on a voluntary basis. insurers can fulfill this residual market obligation by participating in pools where results are shared by the participating companies. the company acts as a servicing carrier for workers' compensation pools in certain states. as a servicing carrier, the company writes residual market business directly and then cedes 100% of this business to the respective pool. as a servicing carrier, the company receives fee income for its services. the company does not retain underwriting risk, and credit risk is limited as ceded balances are jointly shared by all the pool members.
contractual obligations following is a summary of the company's contractual obligations as of december 31, 2021:
(in thousands)
estimated payments by periods                    2022                        2023                        2024                        2025                        2026                     thereafter gross reserves for losses              $4,077,441                   $2,861,773                  $2,149,219                  $1,576,905                  $1,113,635                  $4,079,739
operating lease obligations                44,962                       43,674                      37,663                      28,109                      21,486                      68,019
purchase obligations                      137,509                       75,875                      46,803                      46,117                      46,538      729
subordinated debentures                         -                            -                           -                           -                           -                   1,035,000
senior notes and other debt               426,503                            -                       6,078                       4,485                           -                   1,820,000
interest payments                         128,569                      123,293                     123,293                     123,293                     123,293                   3,212,406
other long-term liabilities                 2,719                        2,446                       2,188                       1,999                       1,826                      21,421
total                                  $4,817,703                   $3,107,061                  $2,365,244                  $1,780,908                  $1,306,778                 $10,237,314
the estimated payments for reserves for losses and loss expenses in the above table represent the projected (undiscounted) payments for gross loss and loss expense reserves related to losses incurred as of december 31, 2021. the estimated payments in the above table do not consider payments for losses to be incurred in future periods. these amounts include reserves for reported losses and reserves for incurred but not reported losses. estimated amounts recoverable from reinsurers are not reflected. the estimated payments by year are based on historical loss payment patterns.the actual payments may differ from the estimated amounts due to changes in ultimate loss reserves and in the timing of the settlement of those reserves. in addition, at december 31, 2021, the company had commitments to invest up to $621 million and $139 million in certain investment funds and real estate construction projects, respectively. these amounts are not included in the above table.
the company utilizes letters of credit to back certain reinsurance payments and obligations. outstanding letters of credit were $5 million as of december 31, 2021. the company has made certain guarantees to state regulators that the statutory capital of certain subsidiaries will be maintained above certain minimum levels.
off-balance sheet arrangements an off-balance sheet arrangement is any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement involving an unconsolidated entity under which a company has (1) made guarantees, (2) a retained or contingent interest in transferred assets, (3) an obligation under derivative instruments classified as equity or (4) any obligation arising out of a material variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support to the company, or that engages in leasing, hedging or research and development arrangements with the company. the company has no arrangements of these types that management believes may have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations.
