item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below, as well as the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, regarding matters that could have an adverse effect, including a material one, on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
risks related to our business the covid-19 pandemic has had and will likely continue to have an adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition and operating results, and the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends and distributions.
in january 2020, an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus, covid-19, was identified and has since then spread around the world. the covid-19 pandemic and the spread, and risk of resurgence, of covid-19 and related variants may continue to negatively impact many aspects of our business and the ability and desire of people to travel and participate in activities at crowded indoor places, such as those we offer at our properties.
in response to and as part of a continuing effort to reduce the initial spread of covid-19, each of our properties was closed temporarily pursuant to government directives. since reopening, we have implemented certain covid-19 specific protective measures at each location. although all of our properties are currently open, we cannot predict whether future closures, in full or in part, will occur. for example, in response to an increase in covid-19 cases in massachusetts, on november 2, 2020, the governor of massachusetts issued a directive limiting the operating hours of certain businesses, including restaurants and casinos, effective november 6, 2020. encore boston harbor modified its hours of operation as a result of this directive, which was subsequently lifted on january 25, 2021.
visitation to our properties and gross gaming revenues significantly decreased following the outbreak of covid-19, driven by the strong deterrent effect of the covid-19 pandemic on travel and social activities, broad quarantine measures, travel restrictions and advisories, including recommendations by the u.s. department of state and the centers for disease control and prevention, and in macau, the suspension or reduced availability of the ivs, group tour scheme and other travel visas for visitors. while some of the initial protective measures and restrictions have eased since their initial implementation, certain border control, travel-related restrictions and conditions, including covid-19 testing and other procedures remain in place in macau. given the evolving conditions created by and in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we are currently unable to determine when all travel-related restrictions and conditions will be fully lifted. measures that have been lifted or are expected to be lifted may be reintroduced if there are adverse developments in the covid-19 situation. moreover, once travel advisories and restrictions are fully lifted, demand for casino resorts may remain weak for a significant length of time and inbound tourism to macau may be slow to recover. we cannot predict when, or even if, operating results at our properties in macau will return to pre-outbreak levels. in particular, consumer behavior related to discretionary spending and traveling, including demand for casino resorts, may be negatively impacted by the adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, including higher unemployment rates, declines in income levels and loss of personal wealth resulting from the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, we cannot predict the impact that the covid-19 pandemic will have on our partners, such as tenants, travel agencies, suppliers and other vendors, which may adversely impact our operations or planned development projects.
given the uncertainty around the extent and timing of the potential future spread or mitigation of covid-19 and around the imposition or relaxation of containment measures, the impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition in 2022 and potentially thereafter may be material, but cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. to the extent the covid-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, operations, financial condition and operating results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks related to our business, including those relating to our ability to raise capital, our high level of indebtedness, our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness, and our ability to comply with the covenants or other restrictions contained in the agreements that govern our indebtedness. in addition, the covid-19 pandemic has significantly increased global economic and demand uncertainty. global recovery from the economic fallout of the covid-19 pandemic could take many years, which could continue to adversely impact our financial condition and operations.
laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate can be changed or interpreted differently in the future.
our operations are exposed to the risk of changes in laws and policies of the jurisdictions in which we operate. in addition, those laws and regulations could be interpreted differently in the future. we cannot predict the future likelihood or
19
outcome of legislation or referendums in jurisdictions where we operate or the impact of those changes on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. for example, on january 18, 2022, the macau authorities published proposed amendments to the macau gaming law. these amendments contemplate, for example, the awarding of up to six gaming concessions with a term up to ten years with a maximum three-year extension possible, an increase in the minimum capital requirement applicable to concession holders to 5 billion macau patacas (approximately $623 million), and a prohibition on revenue sharing arrangements between gaming promoters and concession holders. until the adoption of final revisions to the macau gaming law by the macau authorities, we cannot predict the amendments that will ultimately be adopted and whether such amendments will have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
we are subject to extensive state and local regulation, and licensing and gaming authorities have significant control over our operations. the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations and authorities could have a negative effect on our business, and if we fail to obtain regulatory approvals to operate in new jurisdictions, our growth prospects may be limited.
the operations of our resorts and digital sports betting and casino offerings are contingent upon our obtaining and maintaining all necessary licenses, permits, approvals, registrations, findings of suitability, orders and authorizations in the jurisdictions in which our resorts are located. the laws, regulations and ordinances requiring these licenses, permits and other approvals generally relate to the responsibility, financial stability and character of the owners and managers of gaming operations, as well as persons financially interested or involved in gaming operations. the ngc may require the holder of any debt or securities that we, the registered intermediary subsidiaries, or wynn las vegas, llc issue to file applications, be investigated and be found suitable to own such debt or securities if it has reason to believe that the security ownership would be inconsistent with the declared policies of the state of nevada.
the company's articles of incorporation provide that, to the extent required by the gaming authority making the determination of unsuitability or to the extent the board of directors determines, in its sole discretion, that a person is likely to jeopardize the company's or any affiliate's application for, receipt of, approval for, right to the use of, or entitlement to, any gaming license, shares of wynn resorts' capital stock that are owned or controlled by such unsuitable person or its affiliates are subject to redemption by wynn resorts. the redemption price may be paid in cash, by promissory note, or both, as required, and pursuant to the terms established by the applicable gaming authority and, if not, as wynn resorts elects.
united states gaming regulatory authorities have broad powers to request detailed financial and other information, to limit, condition, suspend or revoke a registration, gaming license or related approvals; approve changes in our operations; and levy fines or require forfeiture of assets for violations of gaming laws or regulations. complying with gaming laws, regulations and license requirements is costly. any change in gaming laws, regulations or licenses applicable to our business or a violation of any current or future laws or regulations applicable to our business or gaming licenses could require us to make substantial expenditures and forfeit assets, and would negatively affect our gaming operations.
failure to adhere to the regulatory and gaming requirements in macau could result in the revocation of our macau operations' concession or otherwise negatively affect its operations in macau. moreover, we are subject to the risk that u.s. regulators may not permit us to conduct operations in macau in a manner consistent with the way in which we intend, or the applicable u.s. gaming authorities require us, to conduct our operations in the united states.
each of these regulatory authorities has extensive power to license and oversee the operations of our casino resorts and digital offerings and has taken action and could take action against the company and its related licensees, including actions that could affect the ability or terms upon which our subsidiaries hold their gaming licenses and concessions, and the suitability of the company to continue as a stockholder of those affiliates.
furthermore, our ability to grow our digital sports betting and casino business will depend on our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to offer our product offerings in a large number of jurisdictions or in heavily populated jurisdictions. if we fail to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals in large jurisdictions or in a greater number of mid-market jurisdictions, this may prevent us from expanding the footprint of our product offerings, increasing our customer base and/or generating revenues. we cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain and maintain the regulatory approvals necessary to conduct our online sports betting and online casino operations. any failure to obtain and maintain such regulatory approvals could have a material adverse effect on wynn interactive's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
in addition, even if such regulatory approvals are obtained and/or maintained, certain states' sports betting laws limit online sports betting to a finite number of retail operators, such as casinos, tribes or tracks. a "skin" is a legal authorization from a state that provides a market access opportunity for mobile operators to offer online sports betting services pursuant to a relationship with a casino, tribe or track. the entities that control those "skins," and the numbers of "skins" available, are typically determined by a state's sports betting law. in most of the jurisdictions in which we offer or may offer sports betting
20
and our online casino, we currently and in the future may rely on a retail/physical casino, tribe or track to get a "skin." these "skins" are what allows us to gain access to jurisdictions where online operators are required to have a retail relationship. we will be dependent on strategic relationships with certain retail operators in order to be able to offer our products in such states. if we cannot establish, renew or manage our relationships, our relationships could terminate and we would not be allowed to operate in those jurisdictions unless and until we enter into new relationships. as a result, wynn interactive's business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
ongoing investigations, litigation and other disputes could distract management and result in negative publicity and additional scrutiny from regulators.
as discussed in item 3-"legal proceedings" and item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 17, "commitments and contingencies," the company is subject to various claims related to our operations. these foregoing investigations, litigation and other disputes and any additional such matters that may arise in the future, can be expensive and may divert management's attention from the operations of our businesses. the investigations, litigation and other disputes may also lead to additional scrutiny from regulators, which could lead to investigations relating to, and possibly a negative impact on, the company's gaming licenses and the company's ability to bid successfully for new gaming market opportunities. in addition, the actions, litigation and publicity could negatively impact our business, reputation and competitive position and could reduce demand for shares of wynn resorts and wml and thereby have a negative impact on the trading prices of their respective shares.
we depend on the continued services of key managers and employees. if we do not retain our key personnel or attract and retain other highly skilled employees, our business will suffer.
our ability to maintain our competitive position is dependent to a large degree on the services of our senior management team. our success depends upon our ability to attract, hire, and retain qualified operating, marketing, financial, and technical personnel in the future. given the intense competition for qualified management personnel in our industry, we may not be able to hire or retain the required personnel. the loss of key management and operating personnel would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations.
our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer spending, including as a result of economic downturns or increasing geopolitical tensions.
our financial results have been, and are expected to continue to be, affected by the global and regional economy. any severe or prolonged slowdown in the global or regional economy may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
recently there have also been heightened tensions in international relations, notably with respect to international trade, including increases in tariffs and company and industry specific restrictions. these issues, in addition to changes in national security policies and geopolitical issues, can impact the global and regional economy and impact our business in a negative fashion. various types of restrictions have been placed by government agencies on targeted industries and companies which could potentially negatively impact the intended subject as well as other companies and persons sharing a common country of operations. these types of events have also caused significant volatility in global equity and debt capital markets which could trigger a severe contraction of liquidity in the global credit markets.
consumer demand for hotels, casino resorts, trade shows, conventions and for the type of luxury amenities that we offer is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy, which adversely affect discretionary spending on leisure activities. because a significant number of our customers come from the prc, hong kong and taiwan, the economic condition of macau and its surrounding region, in particular, affects the gaming industry in macau and our macau operations. changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual general economic conditions, high unemployment, perceived or actual changes in disposable consumer income and wealth, inflationary pressure, economic recession, changes in consumer confidence in the economy, fears of war and acts of terrorism could reduce customer demand for the luxury amenities and leisure activities we offer and may negatively impact our operating results.
demand for our products and services may be negatively impacted by strained international relations, economic disruptions, visa and travel restrictions or difficulties, anti-corruption campaigns, restrictions on international money transfers and other policies or campaigns implemented by regional governments.
a significant amount of our gaming revenues is generated from customers arriving from the prc, hong kong and taiwan. strained international relations, economic disruption and other similar events could negatively impact the number of visitors to our facilities and the amount they spend. in addition, policies adopted from time to time by governments, including
21
any visa and travel restrictions or difficulties faced by our customers such as restrictions on exit visas for travelers requiring them or restrictions on visitor entry visas for the jurisdictions in which we operate, could disrupt the number of visitors to our properties from those affected places, including from the prc, hong kong and taiwan. it is not known when, or if, policies restricting visitation by prc citizens will be put in place and such policies may be adjusted, without notice, in the future. furthermore, anti-corruption campaigns may influence the behavior of certain of our customers and their spending patterns. such campaigns, as well as monetary outflow policies have specifically led to tighter monetary transfer regulations in a number of areas. these policies may affect and impact the number of visitors and the amount of money they spend. the overall effect of these campaigns and monetary transfer restrictions may negatively affect our revenues and results of operations.
our business is particularly sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel to and spend time at our resorts. acts or the threat of acts of terrorism, outbreak of infectious disease, regional political events and developments in certain countries could cause severe disruptions in air and other travel and may otherwise negatively impact tourists' willingness to visit our resorts. such events or developments could reduce the number of visitors to our facilities, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel. only a small amount of our business is and will be generated by local residents. most of our customers travel to reach our las vegas and macau properties. acts of terrorism or concerns over the possibility of such acts may severely disrupt domestic and international travel, which would result in a decrease in customer visits to las vegas and macau, including our properties. regional conflicts could have a similar effect on domestic and international travel. disruptions in air or other forms of travel as a result of any terrorist act, outbreak of hostilities, escalation of war or worldwide infectious disease outbreak would have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, governmental action and uncertainty resulting from global political trends and policies of major global economies, including potential barriers to travel, trade and immigration can reduce demand for hospitality products and services, including visitation to our resorts.
furthermore, the attack in las vegas on october 1, 2017 underscores the possibility that large public facilities could become the target of mass shootings or other attacks in the future. the occurrence or the possibility of attacks could cause all or portions of affected properties to be shut down for prolonged periods, resulting in a loss of income; generally reduce travel to affected areas for tourism and business or adversely affect the willingness of customers to stay in or avail themselves of the services of the affected properties; expose us to a risk of monetary claims arising from death, injury or damage to property caused by any such attack; and result in higher costs for security and insurance premiums, all of which could adversely affect our results.
our continued success depends on our ability to maintain the reputation of our resorts.
our strategy and integrated resort business model rely on positive perceptions of our resorts and the level of service we provide. any deterioration in our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. our reputation could be negatively impacted by our failure to deliver the superior design and customer service for which we are known or by events that are beyond our control. our reputation may also suffer as a result of negative publicity regarding the company or our resorts, including as a result of social media reports, regardless of the accuracy of such publicity. the continued expansion of media and social media formats has compounded the potential scope of negative publicity and has made it more difficult to control and effectively manage negative publicity.
we are entirely dependent on a limited number of resorts for all of our cash flow, which subjects us to greater risks than a gaming company with more operating properties.
we are currently entirely dependent upon our macau operations, las vegas operations and encore boston harbor for all of our operating cash flow. as a result, we are subject to a greater degree of risk than a gaming company with more operating properties or greater geographic diversification. the risks to which we have a greater degree of exposure include changes in local economic and competitive conditions; changes in local and state governmental laws and regulations, including gaming laws and regulations, and the way in which those laws and regulations are applied; natural and other disasters, including the potential effects of climate change such as severe storms, hurricanes, typhoons, rising sea levels, severe drought, or the outbreak of infectious diseases such as covid-19; an increase in the cost of maintaining our properties; a decline in the number of visitors to las vegas, macau or boston; and a decrease in gaming and non-casino activities at our resorts. any of these factors could negatively affect our results of operations and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to make payments or maintain our covenants with respect to our debt.
22
we are a parent company and our primary source of cash is and will be distributions from our subsidiaries.
we are a parent company with limited business operations of our own. our main asset is the capital stock of our subsidiaries. we conduct most of our business operations through our direct and indirect subsidiaries. accordingly, our primary sources of cash are dividends and distributions with respect to our ownership interests in our subsidiaries that are derived from the earnings and cash flow generated by our operating properties. our subsidiaries might not generate sufficient earnings and cash flow to pay dividends or distributions in the future. for example, wml's board of directors concluded not to recommend the payment of a dividend with respect to the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 due to the financial impact of the covid-19 pandemic. currently, there is no certainty as to whether the wml board of directors will recommend a payment of dividend for 2022. if the covid-19 pandemic continues to interrupt our gaming operations or visitation to macau or if the outbreak escalates, it may continue to have an adverse effect on our subsidiaries' results of operations and their ability to pay dividends or distributions to us in the future.
our subsidiaries' payments to us will be contingent upon their earnings and upon other business considerations, and may be impacted by potential changes in laws and regulations. in addition, our subsidiaries' debt instruments and other agreements limit or prohibit certain payments of dividends or other distributions to us. we expect that future debt instruments for the financing of our other developments will contain similar restrictions. an inability of our subsidiaries to pay us dividends and distributions would have a significant negative effect on our liquidity.
our casino, hotel, convention and other facilities and offerings face intense competition, which may increase in the future.
general. the casino/hotel industry is highly competitive. increased competition could result in a loss of customers which may negatively affect our cash flows and results of operations.
macau operations. there are three gaming concessions and three subconcessions authorized by the macau government for the operation of casinos in macau, of which we hold one of the gaming concessions. although the macau government has indicated that it intends to grant only six concessions when the current concessions and subconcessions terminate, if the macau government were to allow additional competitors to operate in macau through the grant of additional concessions or subconcessions, we would face additional competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. several of the current concessionaires and subconcessionaires have opened facilities in the cotai area over the past few years, which has significantly increased gaming and non-gaming offerings in macau, with continued development and further openings in cotai expected in the near future.
our macau operations face competition from casinos throughout the world, including singapore, south korea, the philippines, malaysia, vietnam, cambodia, australia, las vegas, cruise ships in asia that offer gaming and other casinos throughout asia. additionally, certain other asian countries and regions have legalized or in the future may legalize gaming, such as japan, taiwan and thailand, which could increase competition for our macau operations.
las vegas operations and encore boston harbor. our las vegas operations compete with other las vegas strip hotels and with other hotel casinos in las vegas on the basis of overall atmosphere, range of amenities, level of service, price, location, entertainment, theme and size, among other factors. there are currently several large-scale integrated resort projects either recently completed or under development in the vicinity of our las vegas operations, which may present increased competition in the future. wynn las vegas also competes with other casino/hotel facilities in other cities. the proliferation of gaming activities in other areas could significantly harm our business as well. in particular, the legalization or expansion of casino gaming in or near metropolitan areas from which we attract customers could have a negative effect on our business. in addition, new or renovated casinos in macau or elsewhere in asia could draw asian gaming customers away from wynn las vegas. encore boston harbor competes with other casinos in the northeastern united states. additional competition in the northeast region as a result of the upgrading or expansion of facilities by existing market participants, the entrance of new gaming participants into a market or legislative changes may harm our business. as competing properties and new markets are opened, our operating results may be negatively impacted.
wynn interactive. a number of established, well-financed companies producing online gaming and/or interactive entertainment products and services compete with our digital sports betting and casino offerings, and other well-capitalized companies may introduce competitive services. such competitors may spend more money and time on developing and testing products and services, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing or promotional policies or otherwise develop more commercially successful products or services than ours, which could negatively impact our business. our competitors may also develop products, features, or services that are similar to ours or that achieve greater market acceptance. such competitors may also undertake more far-reaching and successful product development efforts or marketing campaigns or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. furthermore, new competitors, whether licensed or not, may enter
23
the online sports betting and online casino industries. there has also been considerable consolidation among competitors in the entertainment and gaming industries and such consolidation and future consolidation could result in the formation of larger competitors with increased financial resources and altered cost structures, which may enable them to offer more competitive products, gain a larger market share, acquire our key partners or third party providers, decrease cost per user acquisition, expand offerings and broaden their geographic scope of operations. if we are not able to maintain or improve our market share, or if our offerings are not accepted by the markets in which we operate, our digital sports betting and casino business could suffer.
our business relies on premium customers. we often extend credit, and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit players or credit play may decrease.
general. a significant portion of our table games revenue at our resorts is attributable to the play of a limited number of premium customers. the loss or a reduction in the play of the most significant of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. adverse global or regional economic conditions, could reduce the frequency of visits by these customers and revenue generated from them.
we conduct our gaming activities on a credit, as well as a cash, basis. the casino credit we extend is generally unsecured and due on demand. we will extend casino credit to those customers whose level of play and financial resources, in the opinion of management, warrant such an extension. table games players typically are extended more credit than slot players, and high-value players typically are extended more credit than customers who tend to wager lower amounts. the collectability of receivables from customers could be negatively affected by future business or economic trends or by significant events in the countries in which these customers reside. in addition, premium gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-value gaming may have a positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter.
macau operations. although the law in macau permits casino operators to extend credit to gaming customers, our macau operations may not be able to collect all of its gaming receivables from its credit players. we expect that our macau operations will be able to enforce these obligations only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including macau. to the extent our gaming customers are visitors from other jurisdictions, we may not have access to a forum in which we will be able to collect all of our gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and we may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our operating results.
currently, the gaming tax in macau is calculated as a percentage of gross gaming revenue, including the face value of credit instruments issued. the gross gaming revenues calculation in macau does not include deductions for uncollectible gaming debts. as a result, if we extend credit to our customers in macau and are unable to collect on the related receivables from them, we remain obligated to pay taxes on our winnings from these customers regardless of whether we collect on the credit instrument.
las vegas operations and encore boston harbor. while gaming debts evidenced by a credit instrument, including what is commonly referred to as a "marker," are enforceable under the current laws of nevada and massachusetts, and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states of the united states under the full faith and credit clause of the united states constitution, other jurisdictions may determine that direct or indirect enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the united states of foreign debtors may be used to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from u.s. courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations. we cannot assure that we will be able to collect the full amount of gaming debts owed to us, even in jurisdictions that enforce them. changes in economic conditions may make it more difficult to assess creditworthiness and more difficult to collect the full amount of any gaming debt owed to us. our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our operating results.
win rates for our gaming operations depend on a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control.
the gaming industry is characterized by an element of chance. win rates are also affected by other factors, including players' skill and experience, the mix of games played, the financial resources of players, the spread of table limits, the volume of bets played, the amount of time played and undiscovered acts of fraud or cheating. in addition, premium gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter. our gross gaming revenues are mainly derived from the difference between our casino winnings and the casino winnings of our gaming customers. since there is an inherent element of chance in the gaming industry, we do not have full control over our winnings or the winnings of our gaming customers.
24
acts of fraud or cheating through the use of counterfeit chips, covert schemes and other tactics, possibly in collusion with our employees, may be attempted or committed by our gaming customers with the aim of increasing their winnings. our gaming customers, visitors and employees may also commit crimes such as theft in order to obtain chips not belonging to them. we have taken measures to safeguard our interests including the implementation of systems, processes and technologies to mitigate against these risks, extensive employee training, surveillance, security and investigation operations and adoption of appropriate security features on our chips such as embedded radio frequency identification tags. despite our efforts, we may not be successful in preventing or detecting such culpable behavior and schemes in a timely manner and the relevant insurance we have obtained may not be sufficient to cover our losses depending on the incident, which could result in losses to our gaming operations and generate negative publicity, both of which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and cash flows.
our new projects may not be successful. construction projects will be subject to development and construction risks, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
in addition to the construction and regulatory risks associated with our current and future construction projects, we cannot assure you that the level of consumer demand for our casino resorts or for the type of luxury amenities that we will offer will meet our expectations. the operating results of our new projects may be materially different than the operating results of our current integrated resorts due to, among other reasons, differences in consumer and corporate spending and preferences in new geographic areas, increased competition from other markets or other developments that may be beyond our control. in addition, our new projects may be more sensitive to certain risks, including risks associated with downturns in the economy, and risks associated with disruptions of the supply chains through which we obtain construction materials and furniture, fixtures, and equipment, than the resorts we currently operate. the demands imposed by new developments on our managerial, operational and other resources may impact our operation of our existing resorts. construction, equipment or staffing problems or difficulties in obtaining any of the requisite licenses, permits and authorizations from regulatory authorities could increase the total cost, delay or prevent the construction or opening or otherwise affect the design and features of our projects. if any of these issues were to occur, it could adversely affect our prospects, financial condition, or results of operations.
we could encounter higher than expected cost increases in the development of our projects.
the projected development costs for our projects reflect our best estimates and the actual development costs may be higher than expected. contingencies that have been set aside by us to cover potential cost overruns or potential delays may be insufficient to cover the full amount of such overruns or delays. if these contingencies are not sufficient to cover these costs, or if we are not able to recover damages for these delays and contingencies, we may not have the funds required to pay the excess costs and our projects may not be completed. failure to complete our projects may negatively affect our financial condition, our results of operations and our ability to pay our debt.
any violation of applicable anti-money laundering laws, regulations or the foreign corrupt practices act or sanctions could adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.
we deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various jurisdictions' reporting and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. both u.s. and macau governmental authorities focus heavily on the gaming industry and compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations. from time to time, the company receives governmental and regulatory inquiries about compliance with such laws and regulations. the company cooperates with all such inquiries. any violation of anti-money laundering laws or regulations could adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.
further, we have operations, and a significant portion of our revenue is derived outside of the united states. we are therefore subject to regulations imposed by the fcpa and other anti-corruption laws that generally prohibit u.s. companies and their intermediaries from offering, promising, authorizing or making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. violations of the fcpa and other anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties, and the sec and u.s. department of justice have increased their enforcement activities with respect to such laws and regulations. the office of foreign assets control and the commerce department administer and enforce economic and trade sanctions based on u.s. foreign policy and national security goals against targeted foreign states, organizations, and individuals. failure to comply with these laws and regulations could increase our cost of operations, reduce our profits, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
internal control policies and procedures and employee training and compliance programs that we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in prohibiting our and our affiliates' directors, employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing our policies and the law. if we or our affiliates, or either of our respective directors, employees
25
or agents fail to comply with applicable laws or company policies governing our operations, the company may face investigations, prosecutions and other legal proceedings and actions, which could result in civil penalties, administrative remedies and criminal sanctions. any such government investigations, prosecutions or other legal proceedings or actions could adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.
because we own real property, we are subject to extensive environmental regulation, which creates uncertainty regarding future environmental expenditures and liabilities.
we have incurred costs to comply with environmental requirements, such as those relating to discharges into the air, water and land, the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous waste and the cleanup of properties affected by hazardous substances. under these and other environmental requirements we may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at our property. as an owner or operator, we could also be held responsible to a governmental entity or third parties for property damage, personal injury and investigation and cleanup costs incurred by them in connection with any contamination.
these laws typically impose cleanup responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. the liability under those laws has been interpreted to be joint and several unless the harm is divisible and there is a reasonable basis for allocation of the responsibility. the costs of investigation, remediation or removal of those substances may be substantial, and the presence of those substances, or the failure to remediate a property properly, may impair our ability to use our property. contamination has been identified at and in the vicinity of our site in everett, massachusetts. the ultimate cost of remediating contaminated sites is difficult to accurately predict and we exceeded our initial estimates. we may be required to conduct additional investigations and remediation with respect to this site.
adverse incidents or adverse publicity concerning our resorts or our corporate responsibilities could harm our brand and reputation and negatively impact our financial results.
our reputation and the value of our brand, including the perception held by our customers, business partners, other key stakeholders and the communities in which we do business, are important assets. our business faces increasing scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance activities, and risk of damage to our reputation and the value of our brands if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, supply chain management, sustainability, workplace conduct, human rights, philanthropy, and support for local communities. any harm to our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and cash flows.
compliance with changing laws and regulations may result in additional expenses and compliance risks.
changing laws and regulations are creating uncertainty for gaming companies. these changing laws and regulations are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, recent issuance and/or lack of guidance. as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. in addition, further regulation of casinos, financial institutions and public companies is possible. this could result in continuing uncertainty and higher costs regarding compliance matters. due to our commitment to maintain high standards of compliance with laws and public disclosure, our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in increased general and administrative expense. in addition, we are subject to different parties' interpretation of our compliance with these new and changing laws and regulations.
we are subject to taxation by various governments and agencies. the rate of taxation could change.
we are subject to taxation by various governments and agencies in the jurisdictions in which we operate. changes in the laws and regulations related to taxation, including changes in the rates of taxation, the amount of taxes we owe and the time when income is subject to taxation, our ability to claim u.s. foreign tax credits, failure to renew our macau dividend agreement and macau income tax exemption on gaming profits and the imposition of foreign withholding taxes could change our overall effective rate of taxation.
system failure, information leakage and the cost of maintaining sufficient cybersecurity could adversely affect our business.
we rely on information technology and other systems (including those maintained by third parties with whom we contract to provide data services) to maintain and transmit large volumes of customer financial information, credit card settlements, credit card funds transmissions, mailing lists and reservations information and other personally identifiable information. we also maintain important internal company data such as personally identifiable information about our employees and information relating to our operations. the systems and processes we have implemented to protect customers, employees and company
26
information are subject to the ever-changing risk of compromised security. these risks include cyber and physical security breaches, system failure, computer viruses, and negligent or intentional misuse by customers, company employees, or employees of third-party vendors. the steps we take to deter and mitigate these risks may not be successful and our insurance coverage for protecting against cybersecurity risks may not be sufficient. our third-party information system service providers face risks relating to cybersecurity similar to ours, and we do not directly control any of such parties' information security operations.
despite the security measures we currently have in place, our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, phishing attacks, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors and other events. cyber-attacks are becoming increasingly more difficult to anticipate and prevent due to their rapidly evolving nature and, as a result, the technology we use to protect our systems from being breached or compromised could become outdated due to advances in computer capabilities or other technological developments.
any perceived or actual electronic or physical security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential or personally identifiable information, including penetration of our network security, whether by us or by a third party, could disrupt our business, damage our reputation and our relationships with our customers or employees, expose us to risks of litigation, significant fines and penalties and liability, result in the deterioration of our customers' and employees' confidence in us, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. since we do not control third-party service providers and cannot guarantee that no electronic or physical computer break-ins and security breaches will occur in the future, any perceived or actual unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information regarding our employees, customers or website visitors could harm our reputation and credibility and reduce our ability to attract and retain employees and customers. as these threats develop and grow, we may find it necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and our infrastructure, including the implementation of new computer systems or upgrades to existing systems, deployment of additional personnel and protection-related technologies, engagement of third-party consultants, and training of employees. the occurrence of any of the cyber incidents described above could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
the failure to protect the integrity and security of company employee and customer information could result in damage to reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits or restrictions on our use or transfer of data.
our business uses and transmits large volumes of employee and customer data, including credit card numbers and other personal information in various information systems that we maintain in areas such as human resources outsourcing, website hosting, and various forms of electronic communications. our customers and employees have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal information. our collection and use of personal data are governed by privacy laws and regulations, and privacy law is an area that changes often and varies significantly by jurisdiction. for example, the european union (eu)'s general data protection regulation ("gdpr") requires companies to meet stringent requirements regarding the handling of personal data. the gdpr captures data processing by non-eu firms with no eu establishment as long as firms' processing relates to "offering goods or services" or the "monitoring" of individuals in the eu. in addition to governmental regulations, there are credit card industry standards or other applicable data security standards we must comply with as well. compliance with applicable privacy regulations may increase our operating costs and/or adversely impact our ability to market our products, properties and services to our guests. in addition, non-compliance with applicable privacy regulations by us (or in some circumstances non-compliance by third parties engaged by us) or a breach of security on systems storing our data may result in damage of reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits or restrictions on our use or transfer of data. for example, failure to meet the gdpr requirements could result in penalties of up to four percent of worldwide revenue. any misappropriation of confidential or personally identifiable information gathered, stored or used by us, be it intentional or accidental, could have a material impact on the operation of our business, including severely damaging our reputation and our relationships with our customers, employees and investors. laws in the united states in this area are also developing quickly. laws in all 50 states require businesses to provide notice to customers whose personally identifiable information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. some states, such as california, virginia and colorado, have adopted privacy laws. such adoption may indicate a trend for further legislation across all states.
our business could suffer if our computer systems and websites are disrupted or cease to operate effectively.
we are dependent on our computer systems to record and process transactions and manage and operate our business, including processing payments, accounting for and reporting financial results, and managing our employees and employee benefit programs. given the complexity of our business, it is imperative that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our computer hardware and software systems. despite our preventative efforts, our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from, among other things, security breaches, computer viruses, technical malfunctions, inadequate system capacity, power outages, natural disasters, and usage errors by our employees or third-party consultants. if our information technology
27
systems become damaged or otherwise cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to repair or replace them. additionally, confidential or sensitive data related to our customers or employees could be lost or compromised. any material disruptions in our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
if a third party successfully challenges our ownership of, or right to use, the wynn-related trademarks and/or service marks, our business or results of operations could be harmed.
our intellectual property assets, especially the logo version of "wynn," are among our most valuable assets. we have filed applications with the pto and with various foreign patent and trademark registries including registries in macau, china, hong kong, singapore, taiwan, japan, certain european countries and various other jurisdictions throughout the world, to register a variety of wynn-related trademarks and service marks in connection with a variety of goods and services. some of the applications are based upon ongoing use and others are based upon a bona fide intent to use the marks in the future.
a common element of most of these marks is the use of the surname "wynn." as a general rule, a surname (or the portion of a mark primarily constituting a surname) is not eligible for registration unless the surname has acquired "secondary meaning." to date, we have been successful in demonstrating to the pto such secondary meaning for the wynn marks, in certain of the applications, based upon factors including the company's long-term use, advertising and promotional efforts related to the marks and the level of international fame achieved by the marks, but we cannot assure you that we will be successful with the other pending applications.
federal registrations are not completely dispositive of the right to such marks. third parties who claim prior rights with respect to similar marks may nonetheless challenge our right to obtain registrations or our use of the marks and seek to overcome the presumptions afforded by such registrations.
furthermore, due to the increased use of technology in computerized gaming machines and in business operations generally, other forms of intellectual property rights (such as patents and copyrights) are becoming of increased relevance. it is possible that, in the future, third parties might assert superior intellectual property rights or allege that their intellectual property rights cover some aspect of our operations. the defense of such allegations may result in substantial expenses, and, if such claims are successfully prosecuted, may have a material impact on our business. there has been an increase in the international operation of fraudulent online gambling and investment websites attempting to scam and defraud members of the public. websites offering these or similar activities and opportunities that use our names or similar names or images in likeness to ours, are doing so without our authorization and possibly unlawfully and with criminal intent. if our efforts to cause these sites to be shut down through civil action and by reporting these sites to the appropriate authorities (where applicable) are unsuccessful or not timely completed, these unauthorized activities may continue and harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. efforts we take to acquire and protect our intellectual property rights against unauthorized use throughout the world may be costly and may not be successful in protecting and preserving the status and value of our intellectual property assets.
labor actions and other labor problems could negatively impact our operations.
some of our employees are represented by labor unions. from time to time, we have experienced attempts by labor organizations to organize certain of our non-union employees. these efforts have achieved some success to date. we cannot provide any assurance that we will not experience additional and successful union activity in the future. the impact of any union activity is undetermined and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that we could suffer, including losses resulting from terrorism, and our insurance costs may increase.
we have comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our properties with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary in their breadth and scope. however, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of our lost investment or could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, we could lose some or all of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for debt or other financial obligations related to the property.
market forces beyond our control may limit the scope of the insurance coverage we can obtain in the future or our ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain catastrophic losses may be uninsurable or too expensive to justify obtaining insurance. as a result, if we suffer such a catastrophic loss, we may not be successful in obtaining future insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. furthermore, our debt instruments and other material agreements require us to
28
maintain a certain minimum level of insurance. failure to satisfy these requirements could result in an event of default under these debt instruments or material agreements, which would negatively affect our business and financial condition.
risks associated with our macau operations our macau operations may be affected by adverse political and economic conditions.
our macau operations are subject to significant political, economic and social risks inherent in doing business in an emerging market. the future success of our macau operations will depend on political and economic conditions in macau and prc. for example, fiscal decline, international relations, and civil, domestic or international unrest in macau, china or the surrounding region could significantly harm our business, not only by reducing customer demand for casino resorts, but also by increasing the risk of imposition of taxes and exchange controls or other governmental restrictions, laws or regulations that might impede our macau operations or our ability to repatriate funds.
if we are unable to secure an extension or renewal of our concession, or a new concession, by june 26, 2022, our business and financial condition would experience material adverse effects.
the term of our concession agreement with the macau government ends on june 26, 2022. unless the term of our concession agreement is extended or renewed or we receive a new gaming concession or other right to operate gaming at our resorts in macau, subject to any separate arrangement with the macau government, all of our gaming operations and related equipment in macau will be automatically transferred to the macau government without compensation to us and we will cease to generate any revenues from these operations at the end of the term of our concession agreement. the failure to extend or renew our concession or obtain a new concession would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
in addition, under the indentures governing the company's $4.7 billion aggregate principal amount of wml senior notes and the facility agreement governing the wm cayman ii revolver, upon the occurrence of any event after which the company does not own or manage casino or gaming areas or operate casino games of fortune and chance in macau in substantially the same manner as of the issue date of the respective senior notes or the date of the facility agreement, for a period of 10 consecutive days or more in the case of the wml senior notes or a period of 30 consecutive days or more in the case of the wm cayman ii revolver, and such event has a material adverse effect on the financial condition, business, properties or results of operations of wml and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, holders of the wml senior notes can exercise the special put option, and the wm cayman ii revolver would incur a property mandatory prepayment event. in such event, there is no certainty that we would be able to secure financing to repay the wml senior notes and the wm cayman ii revolver on acceptable terms or at all. such repayment would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
we compete for limited labor resources in macau and local policies may also affect our ability to employ imported labor.
the success of our operations in macau will be affected by our success in hiring and retaining employees. we compete with a large number of casino resorts in macau for a limited number of qualified employees. in addition, only macau residents are eligible for the majority of positions within the casino including dealers and other gaming staff. competition for these individuals in macau has increased and will continue to increase as other competitors expand their operations. we seek employees from outside macau to adequately staff our resorts where permitted and certain local policies affect our ability to import labor in certain job classifications. we coordinate with the labor and immigration authorities to ensure our labor needs are satisfied, but cannot be certain that we will be able to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees for our macau operations or that we will be able to obtain required work permits for those employees. if we are unable to obtain, attract, retain and train skilled employees, our ability to adequately manage and staff our existing and planned casino and resort properties in macau could be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the smoking control legislation in macau could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
under the macau smoking prevention and tobacco control law, as of january 1, 2019, smoking on casino premises is only permitted in authorized segregated smoking lounges with no gaming activities and such smoking lounges are required to comply with the conditions set out in the regulations. the existing smoking legislation, and any smoking legislation intended to fully ban all smoking in casinos, may deter potential gaming customers who are smokers from frequenting casinos in macau and disrupt the number of customers visiting or the amount of time visiting customers spend at our property, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
29
transportation services, infrastructure and related facilities may need to be improved to accommodate the demand of visitors to macau.
transportation services, infrastructure and related facilities within macau and between macau, hong kong and the prc may need to be improved to accommodate the increased visitation to macau driven by additional casino projects and attractions that are under construction and to be developed in the future as well as the opening of the hong kong-zhuhai-macau bridge which may further strain existing transportation infrastructure. if transportation facilities to and from macau are inadequate to meet the demands of an increased volume of gaming customers visiting macau, the desirability of macau as a gaming destination, as well as the results of operations of our macau operations, could be negatively impacted. furthermore, construction of current and future casino and infrastructure projects, adjacent to our properties could impede access to our properties during construction and development. this may negatively impact the results of our macau operations.
extreme weather conditions may have an adverse impact on our macau operations.
macau's subtropical climate and location on the south china sea are subject to extreme weather conditions including typhoons and heavy rainstorms, such as typhoon mangkhut in 2018 and typhoon hato in 2017. unfavorable weather conditions could negatively affect the profitability of our resorts and prevent or discourage guests from traveling to macau. any flooding, unscheduled interruption in the technology or transportation services or interruption in the supply of public utilities may lead to a shutdown of any of our resorts in macau. the occurrence and timing of such events cannot be predicted or controlled by us and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
if our macau operations fail to comply with the concession agreement, the macau government can terminate our concession without compensation to us, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
the macau government has the right to unilaterally terminate our concession in the event of our material non-compliance with the basic obligations under the concession and applicable macau laws. the concession agreement expressly provides a non-exhaustive list of facts and circumstances under which the government of macau may unilaterally rescind the concession agreement of our macau operations, including if it conducts unauthorized games or activities that are excluded from its corporate purpose; suspends gaming operations in macau for more than seven consecutive days (or more than 14 days in a civil year) without justification; defaults in payment of taxes, premiums, contributions or other required amounts; does not comply with government inspections or supervision; systematically fails to observe its obligations under the concession system; or does not comply with directions issued by the macau government, in particular the macau gaming regulator; fails to maintain bank guarantees or bonds satisfactory to the government; is the subject of bankruptcy proceedings or becomes insolvent; engages in serious fraudulent activity, damaging to the public interest; or repeatedly violates applicable gaming laws.
if the government of macau unilaterally rescinds the concession agreement, our macau operations will be required to compensate the government in accordance with applicable law, and the areas defined as casino space under macau law and all of the gaming equipment pertaining to our gaming operations will be transferred to the government without compensation. the loss of our concession would prohibit us from conducting gaming operations in macau, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
certain nevada gaming laws apply to our gaming activities and associations outside of nevada.
certain nevada gaming laws also apply to gaming activities and associations in jurisdictions outside of nevada. we and our subsidiaries that must be licensed to conduct gaming operations in nevada are required to comply with certain reporting requirements concerning gaming activities and associations conducted by our subsidiaries in other jurisdictions. we and our licensed nevada subsidiaries also will be subject to disciplinary action by the ngc if our subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions knowingly violate any laws relating to their gaming operations; fail to conduct operations in other jurisdictions in accordance with the standards of honesty and integrity required of nevada gaming operations; engage in any activity or enter into any association that is unsuitable for us because it poses an unreasonable threat to the control of gaming in nevada, reflects or tends to reflect discredit or disrepute upon nevada or gaming in nevada, or is contrary to nevada gaming policies; engage in any activity or enter into any association that interferes with the ability of nevada to collect gaming taxes and fees; or employ, contract with or associate with any person in the foreign gaming operation who has been denied a license or a finding of suitability in nevada on the ground of unsuitability, or who has been found guilty of cheating at gambling. such disciplinary action could include suspension, conditioning, limitation or revocation of the registration, licenses or approvals held by us and our licensed nevada subsidiaries, including wynn las vegas, llc, and the imposition of substantial fines.
30
in addition, if the nevada gaming control board determines that any actual or intended activities or associations of our subsidiaries operating in other states may be prohibited pursuant to one or more of the standards described above, the nevada gaming control board can require us and our licensed nevada subsidiaries to file an application with the ngc for a finding of suitability of the activity or association. if the ngc finds that the activity or association in the other jurisdictions unsuitable or prohibited, those subsidiaries will either be required to terminate the activity or association, or will be prohibited from undertaking the activity or association. consequently, should the ngc find that our subsidiaries' gaming activities or associations in other jurisdictions are unsuitable, those subsidiaries may be prohibited from undertaking their planned gaming activities or associations in the other jurisdiction or be required to divest their investment in the other jurisdiction, possibly on unfavorable terms.
we have historically depended on gaming promoters to generate gaming revenue and our ability to maintain or grow our gaming revenues could be adversely affected by the termination of our agreements with gaming promoters.
a gaming promoter, also known colloquially as a junket representative, is a person or entity who, for the purpose of promoting casino gaming activity, arranges customer transportation and accommodations, and provides credit in their sole discretion, food and beverage services and entertainment in exchange for commissions or other compensation from a concessionaire. as of december 31, 2021, we do not have any agreements in place with gaming promoters.
although the portion of our gaming revenue in macau that has been generated by clientele of our gaming promoters has decreased in the last several years, gaming revenue from that clientele remains important. there is intense competition among casino operators in macau for premium customers. our ability to maintain or grow our gaming revenues may be adversely affected by the termination of our agreements with gaming promoters and we will have to seek alternative ways of developing relationships with premium customers. furthermore, on november 19, 2021, macau's court of final appeal ruled that gaming concessionaires may be held jointly liable with gaming promoters for deposits made with gaming promoters. if any of our former gaming promoters violated macau gaming laws while on our premises, the macau government may, in its discretion, take enforcement action against us, the gaming promoter, or each concurrently, and we may be sanctioned and our reputation could be harmed.
unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates may increase our macau operations' obligations under the concession agreement and cause fluctuations in the value of our investment in macau.
the currency delineated in our macau operations' concession agreement with the government of macau is the macau pataca. the macau pataca is linked to the hong kong dollar, and the two are often used interchangeably in macau. the hong kong dollar is linked to the u.s. dollar and the exchange rate between these two currencies has remained relatively stable over the past several years.
if the hong kong dollar and the macau pataca are no longer linked to the u.s. dollar, the exchange rate for these currencies may severely fluctuate. the current rate of exchange fixed by the applicable monetary authorities for these currencies may also change.
many of our macau operations' payment and expenditure obligations are in macau patacas. we expect that most of the revenues for any casino that we operate in macau will be in hong kong dollars. as a result, we are subject to foreign exchange risk with respect to the exchange rate between macau patacas and hong kong dollars and the hong kong dollar and the u.s. dollar. because certain debt obligations of our macau-related entities have incurred u.s. dollar-denominated debt, fluctuations in the exchange rates of the macau pataca or the hong kong dollar, in relation to the u.s. dollar, could have adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to service our debt.
currency exchange controls and currency export restrictions could negatively impact our macau operations.
currency exchange controls and restrictions on the export of currency by certain countries may negatively impact the success of our macau operations. for example, there are currently existing currency exchange controls and restrictions on the export of the renminbi, the currency of the prc. restrictions on the export of the renminbi may impede the flow of gaming customers from the prc to macau, inhibit the growth of gaming in macau and negatively impact our macau operations.
conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of wynn macau, limited.
wynn macau, limited, an indirect majority owned subsidiary of wynn resorts and the developer, owner and operator of wynn macau and wynn palace, listed its ordinary shares of common stock on the stock exchange of hong kong limited in october 2009. as of december 31, 2021, wynn resorts owns approximately 72% of wynn macau, limited's ordinary shares of common stock. as a result of wynn macau, limited having stockholders who are not affiliated with us, we and certain of
31
our officers and directors who also serve as officers and/or directors of wynn macau, limited may have conflicting fiduciary obligations to our stockholders and to the minority stockholders of wynn macau, limited. decisions that could have different implications for wynn resorts and wynn macau, limited, including contractual arrangements that we have entered into or may in the future enter into with wynn macau, limited, may give rise to the appearance of a potential conflict of interest.
the macau government has established a maximum number of gaming tables that can be operated in macau and has limited the number of new gaming tables at new gaming areas in macau.
as of december 31, 2021, we had a total of 323 table games at wynn palace and 331 at wynn macau approved by the macau's dicj. the mix of table games in operation at wynn palace and wynn macau changes from time to time as a result of marketing and operating strategies in response to changing market demand and industry competition. failure to shift the mix of our table games in anticipation of market demands and industry trends may negatively impact our operating results.
risks related to share ownership and stockholder matters certain stockholders are able to exert significant influence over our operations and future direction.
as of december 31, 2021, elaine p. wynn owned approximately 8% of our outstanding common stock. as a result, elaine p. wynn may be able to exert influence over all matters requiring our stockholders' approval, including the approval of significant corporate transactions. on august 3, 2018, we entered into a cooperation agreement (the "cooperation agreement") with elaine p. wynn regarding the composition of the company's board of directors and certain other matters, including, among other things, the appointment of mr. philip g. satre to the company's board of directors, standstill restrictions, releases, non-disparagement and reimbursement of expenses. the term of the cooperation agreement expires on the date that phil satre no longer serves as chair of the board, unless earlier terminated pursuant to the circumstances described in the cooperation agreement.
our stock price may be volatile.
the trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. our stock price may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, such as general united states, china, and world economic and financial conditions, our own quarterly variations in operating results, increased competition, changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts, changes in applicable laws or regulations, and changes affecting the travel industry, and other events impacting our business. the stock market in general, and prices for companies in our industry in particular, has experienced extreme volatility that may be unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. these broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.
risks related to our indebtedness we are highly leveraged and future cash flow may not be sufficient for us to meet our obligations, and we might have difficulty obtaining more financing.
we have a substantial amount of consolidated debt in relation to our equity. as of december 31, 2021, we had total outstanding debt of approximately $12.00 billion, which includes a portion of the funds we expect to need for the development and construction of our current projects. we may, however, incur additional indebtedness in connection with the construction of these projects. see item 1-business "our resorts." in addition, we are permitted to incur additional indebtedness if certain conditions are met, including conditions under our wm cayman ii revolver, our wrf credit facilities, and our indentures in connection with other future potential development plans.
failure to meet our payment obligations or other obligations could result in acceleration of our indebtedness, foreclosure upon our assets that serve as collateral or bankruptcy and trigger cross defaults under other agreements. servicing our indebtedness requires a substantial portion of our cash flow from our operations and reduces the amount of available cash, if any, to fund working capital and other cash requirements or pay for other capital expenditures. we may not be able to obtain additional financing, if needed. the applicable rates with respect to a portion of the interest we pay will fluctuate with market rates and, accordingly, our interest expense will increase if market interest rates increase.
the interest rates of certain of our credit agreements are tied to the london interbank offered rate, or libor. on march 5, 2021, the united kingdom financial conduct authority announced that libor would cease as a benchmark rate by june 30, 2023. accordingly, we will need to renegotiate our credit agreements extending beyond june 30, 2023 that utilize libor as a factor in determining the interest rate to replace libor with a new reference rate, such as the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr").
32
under the terms of the documents governing our debt facilities, subject to certain limitations, we are permitted to incur indebtedness. if we incur additional indebtedness, the risks described above will be exacerbated.
the agreements governing our debt facilities contain certain covenants that restrict our ability to engage in certain transactions and may impair our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions.
some of our debt facilities require us to satisfy various financial covenants, which include requirements for minimum interest coverage ratios and leverage ratios pertaining to total debt to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization and a minimum earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization. for more information on financial covenants we are subject to under our debt facilities, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 7, "long-term debt." future indebtedness or other contracts could contain covenants more restrictive than those contained in our existing debt facilities.
the agreements governing our debt facilities also contain restrictions on our ability to engage in certain transactions and may limit our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions. these restrictions include, among other things, limitations on our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions or repurchase equity; incur additional debt; make investments; create liens on assets to secure debt; enter into transactions with affiliates; issue stock of, or member's interests in, subsidiaries; enter into sale-leaseback transactions; engage in other businesses; merge or consolidate with another company; undergo a change of control; transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of assets; issue disqualified stock; create dividend and other payment restrictions affecting subsidiaries; and designate restricted and unrestricted subsidiaries.
our ability to comply with the terms of our outstanding facilities may be affected by general economic conditions, industry conditions and other events outside of our control. as a result, we may not be able to maintain compliance with these covenants. if our properties' operations fail to generate adequate cash flow, we may violate those covenants, causing a default under our agreements, which would materially and adversely affect our operating results and our financial condition or result in our lenders or holders of our debt taking action to enforce their security interests in our various assets or cause all outstanding amounts to be due and payable immediately.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
discussion of 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020.
overview we are a designer, developer, and operator of integrated resorts featuring luxury hotel rooms, high-end retail space, an array of dining and entertainment options, meeting and convention facilities, and gaming, all supported by an unparalleled focus on our guests, our people, and our community. through our approximately 72% ownership of wynn macau, limited ("wml"), we operate two integrated resorts in the macau special administrative region of the people's republic of china ("macau"), wynn palace and wynn macau (collectively, our "macau operations"). in las vegas, nevada, we operate and, with the exception of certain retail space, own 100% of wynn las vegas. additionally, we are a 50.1% owner and managing member of a joint venture that owns and leases certain retail space at wynn las vegas (the "retail joint venture"). we refer to wynn las vegas, encore, an expansion at wynn las vegas, and the retail joint venture as our las vegas operations. on june 23, 2019, we opened encore boston harbor, an integrated resort in everett, massachusetts. in addition, we hold an approximately 74% interest in wynn interactive ltd. ("wynn interactive"), which operates our digital sports betting and casino gaming business.
recent developments related to covid-19
macau operations visitation to macau has fallen significantly since the outbreak of covid-19, driven by the strong deterrent effect of the covid-19 pandemic on travel and social activities, quarantine measures put in place in macau and elsewhere, travel and entry restrictions and conditions in macau, the prc, hong kong and taiwan involving covid-19 testing, among other things, and the suspension or reduced accessibility of transportation to and from macau. beginning in june 2020, certain restrictions and conditions have eased to allow for visitation to macau as some regions continue to recover from the covid-19 pandemic. quarantine-free travel, subject to covid-19 safeguards such as testing and the usual visa requirements, has been reintroduced between macau and most areas and cities within the prc, and in september 2020, prc authorities fully resumed the ivs exit visa program, which permits individual prc citizens from nearly 50 prc cities to travel to macau for tourism purposes. while total visitation from prc to macau increased meaningfully in 2021 compared to 2020, total visitation from prc to macau remained 74.8% below 2019 levels. given the evolving conditions created by and in response to the covid-19 pandemic, measures that have been lifted may be reintroduced if there are adverse developments in the covid-19 situation in macau and other regions with access to macau, and the company is currently unable to determine when protective measures and the suspension of certain offerings in effect at our macau operations will be lifted. given the uncertainty around the extent and timing of the potential future spread or mitigation of covid-19 and around the imposition or relaxation of protective measures, management cannot reasonably estimate the impact to the company's future results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.
las vegas operations and encore boston harbor in response to the covid-19 outbreak, the company's las vegas operations and encore boston harbor each implemented certain covid-19 specific protective measures, such as limiting the number of seats per table game, slot machine spacing, temperature checks, mask protection, and suspension of certain entertainment and nightlife offerings. over the course of the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, the company's las vegas operations and encore boston harbor have each incrementally resumed full operations, including reopening gaming areas to 100% of capacity and restoring seven-day-per-week hotel operations, as permitted by governmental authorities and in response to increased customer demand. given the evolving conditions created by and in response to the covid-19 pandemic, measures that have been lifted may be reintroduced if there are adverse developments in the covid-19 situation, and management cannot reasonably estimate the impact of such developments to the company's future results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.
37
macau gaming concession the term of the company's concession agreement with the macau government ends on june 26, 2022. if the term of this concession agreement is not extended or renewed or is not replaced by a new gaming concession, all of the company's gaming operations and related equipment in macau will be automatically transferred to the macau government without compensation on that date and the company will cease to generate gaming revenues from its macau operations. in addition, under the indentures governing the company's $4.7 billion aggregate principal amount of wml senior notes and the facility agreement governing the wm cayman ii revolver, upon the occurrence of any event after which the company does not own or manage casino or gaming areas or operate casino games of fortune and chance in macau in substantially the same manner as of the issue date of the respective senior notes or the date of the facility agreement, for a period of 10 consecutive days or more in the case of the wml senior notes or a period of 30 consecutive days or more in the case of the wm cayman ii revolver, and such event has a material adverse effect on the financial condition, business, properties or results of operations of wml and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, holders of the wml senior notes can require the company to repurchase all or any part of the wml senior notes at par, plus any accrued and unpaid interest (the "special put option"), and any amounts owed under the wm cayman ii revolver may become immediately due and payable (the "property mandatory prepayment event").
in january 2022, the macau government published a draft of its proposed revisions to the gaming law. the company is monitoring developments with respect to the macau government's concession renewal or extension process, and at this time believes that its concession will be renewed or extended beyond june 26, 2022. the failure to extend or renew the company's concession or obtain a new concession and the resulting ability of the wml senior note holders to exercise the special put option and triggering of the property mandatory prepayment event would have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
key operating measures certain key operating measures specific to the gaming industry are included in our discussion of our operational performance for the periods for which the consolidated statements of operations are presented. these key operating measures are presented as supplemental disclosures because management and/or certain investors use these measures to better understand period-over-period fluctuations in our casino and hotel operating revenues. these key operating measures are defined below:
table drop in mass market for our macau operations is the amount of cash that is deposited in a gaming table's drop box plus cash chips purchased at the casino cage.
table drop for our las vegas operations is the amount of cash and net markers issued that are deposited in a gaming table's drop box.
table drop for encore boston harbor is the amount of cash and gross markers issued that are deposited in a gaming table's drop box.
rolling chips are non-negotiable identifiable chips that are used to track turnover for purposes of calculating incentives within our macau operations' vip program.
turnover is the sum of all losing rolling chip wagers within our macau operations' vip program.
table games win is the amount of table drop or turnover that is retained and recorded as casino revenues. table games win is before discounts, commissions and the allocation of casino revenues to rooms, food and beverage and other revenues for services provided to casino customers on a complimentary basis. table games win does not include poker rake.
slot machine win is the amount of handle (representing the total amount wagered) that is retained by us and is recorded as casino revenues. slot machine win is after adjustment for progressive accruals and free play, but before discounts and the allocation of casino revenues to rooms, food and beverage and other revenues for services provided to casino customers on a complimentary basis.
poker rake is the portion of cash wagered by patrons in our poker rooms that is retained by the casino as a service fee, after adjustment for progressive accruals, but before the allocation of casino revenues to rooms, food and beverage and other revenues for services provided to casino customers on a complimentary basis. poker tables are not included in our measure of average number of table games.
average daily rate ("adr") is calculated by dividing total room revenues, including complimentaries (less service charges, if any), by total rooms occupied.
revenue per available room ("revpar") is calculated by dividing total room revenues, including complimentaries (less service charges, if any), by total rooms available.
38
occupancy is calculated by dividing total occupied rooms, including complimentary rooms, by the total rooms available.
below is a discussion of the methodologies used to calculate win percentages at our resorts.
in our vip operations in macau, customers primarily purchase rolling chips from the casino cage and can only use them to make wagers. winning wagers are paid in cash chips. the loss of the rolling chips in the vip operations is recorded as turnover and provides a base for calculating vip win percentage. it is customary in macau to measure vip play using this rolling chip method. we expect our win as a percentage of turnover from these operations to be within the range of 2.7% to 3.0%.
in our mass market operations in macau, customers may purchase cash chips at either the gaming tables or at the casino cage. the measurements from our vip and mass market operations are not comparable as the measurement method used in our mass market operations tracks the initial purchase of chips at the table and at the casino cage, while the measurement method from our vip operations tracks the sum of all losing wagers. accordingly, the base measurement from the vip operations is much larger than the base measurement from the mass market operations. as a result, the expected win percentage with the same amount of gaming win is lower in the vip operations when compared to the mass market operations.
in las vegas, customers purchase chips at the gaming tables in exchange for cash and markers. customers may then redeem markers at the gaming tables or at the casino cage. the cash and markers, net of redemptions, used to purchase chips are deposited in the gaming table's drop box. this is the base of measurement that we use for calculating win percentage. each type of table game has its own theoretical win percentage. our expected table games win percentage is 22% to 26%.
at encore boston harbor, customers purchase chips at the gaming tables in exchange for cash and markers. customers may then redeem markers only at the casino cage. the cash and gross markers used to purchase chips are deposited in the gaming table's drop box. this is the base of measurement that we use for calculating win percentage. each type of table game has its own theoretical win percentage. our expected table games win percentage is 18% to 22%.
39
results of operations summary annual results the following table summarizes our financial results for the periods presented (in thousands, except per share data):
years ended december 31,
2021                                                                       2020                                    increase/ (decrease)                percent change operating revenues                                       $3,763,664                          $2,095,861             $1,667,803            79.6
net loss attributable to wynn resorts, limited            (755,786)                         (2,067,245)            (1,311,459)                          (63.4)
diluted net loss per share                                   (6.64)                             (19.37)                (12.73)                          (65.7)
adjusted property ebitda (1)                                569,441                           (324,305)                893,746                                     nm nm - not meaningful.
(1) see item 8-"financial statements and supplemental data," note 20, "segment information," for a reconciliation of adjusted property ebitda to net loss attributable to wynn resorts, limited.
the increase in operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily driven by increases of $377.6 million, $151.4 million, $755.7 million, and $329.9 million from wynn palace, wynn macau, our las vegas operations, and encore boston harbor, respectively, as a result of increased mass market gaming volumes at wynn palace and wynn macau, and increased gaming volumes at our las vegas operations and encore boston harbor, respectively, as well as increases in hotel occupancy, nightlife offerings, and covers at restaurants at our las vegas operations. in addition, each of the company's properties was subject to partial or full closure for varying lengths of time during 2020.
the decrease in net loss attributable to wynn resorts, limited for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily related to increased operating revenues at our integrated resort properties, partially offset by increased operating expenses primarily due to increased gaming tax expense driven by the increase in casino revenues at each property, increased marketing and promotional expenses at wynn interactive, and higher operating costs associated with higher business volumes at our resort properties in general.
the increase in adjusted property ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily driven by increased operating revenues at our integrated resort properties, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses. adjusted property ebitda increased $241.3 million, $91.4 million, $587.2 million, and $233.8 million at wynn palace, wynn macau, our las vegas operations, and encore boston harbor, respectively, and decreased $260.0 million at wynn interactive.
financial results for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020.
operating revenues the following table presents our operating revenues (in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2021                                               2020                                    increase/ (decrease)                   percent change operating revenues macau operations:
wynn palace                        $883,007                            $505,420               $377,587                               74.7
wynn macau                          626,015                             474,657                151,358                               31.9
total macau operations            1,509,022                             980,077                528,945                               54.0
las vegas operations              1,503,681                             747,947                755,734                              101.0
encore boston harbor                691,523                             361,666                329,857                               91.2
wynn interactive                     59,438                               6,171                 53,267                              863.2
$3,763,664                          $2,095,861             $1,667,803                               79.6
40
the following table presents our casino and non-casino operating revenues (in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2021                                                        2020                                    increase/ (decrease)                percent change operating revenues casino revenues                           $2,133,420                          $1,237,230               $896,190                            72.4
non-casino revenues:
rooms                                        592,571                             307,973                284,598                            92.4
food and beverage                            633,911                             329,584                304,327                            92.3
entertainment, retail and other              403,762                             221,074                182,688                            82.6
total non-casino revenues                  1,630,244                             858,631                771,613                            89.9
$3,763,664                          $2,095,861             $1,667,803                            79.6
casino revenues for the year ended december 31, 2021 were 56.7% of operating revenues, compared to 59.0% for the same period of 2020. non-casino revenues for the year ended december 31, 2021 were 43.3% of operating revenues, compared to 41.0% for the same period of 2020.
casino revenues casino revenues increased primarily due to increased table drop, table games win and slot machine win at our las vegas operations and encore boston harbor, and increased mass market table drop and table games win at our macau operations. our las vegas operations were closed to the public from march 17, 2020 until june 4, 2020. encore boston harbor was closed to the public from march 15, 2020 until july 10, 2020. our casino operations in macau were closed for a 15-day period in february 2020. the table below sets forth our casino revenues and associated key operating measures (dollars in thousands, except for win per unit per day):
41
years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                        2020                increase/ (decrease)                percent change macau operations (1):
wynn palace:
total casino revenues                          $677,917                            $368,284                        $309,633                            84.1
vip:
average number of table games                        93                                  99                             (6)                           (6.1)
vip turnover                                 $6,435,947                          $9,631,018                    $(3,195,071)                          (33.2)
vip table games win                            $253,767                            $168,435                         $85,332                            50.7
vip win as a % of turnover                         3.94    %                           1.75    %                       2.19
table games win per unit per day                 $7,443                              $4,850                          $2,593                            53.5
mass market:
average number of table games                       229                                 212                              17                             8.0
table drop                                   $2,415,841                          $1,242,100                      $1,173,741                            94.5
table games win                                $540,234                            $299,181                        $241,053                            80.6
table games win %                                  22.4    %                           24.1    %                      (1.7)
table games win per unit per day                 $6,463                              $4,009                          $2,454                            61.2
average number of slot machines                     710                                 591                             119                            20.1
slot machine handle                          $1,454,577                            $999,942                        $454,635                            45.5
slot machine win                                $58,152                             $39,175                         $18,977                            48.4
slot machine win per unit per day                  $224                                $188                             $36                            19.1
wynn macau:
total casino revenues                          $476,999                            $344,595                        $132,404                            38.4
vip:
average number of table games                        81                                  89                             (8)                           (9.0)
vip turnover                                 $5,488,118                          $5,841,627                      $(353,509)                           (6.1)
vip table games win                            $155,064                            $185,059                       $(29,995)                          (16.2)
vip win as a % of turnover                         2.83    %                           3.17    %                     (0.34)
table games win per unit per day                 $5,250                              $5,925                          $(675)                          (11.4)
mass market:
average number of table games                       240                                 225                              15                             6.7
table drop                                   $2,230,348                          $1,384,537                        $845,811                            61.1
table games win                                $412,753                            $259,361                        $153,392                            59.1
table games win %                                  18.5    %                           18.7    %                      (0.2)
table games win per unit per day                 $4,720                              $3,279                          $1,441                            43.9
average number of slot machines                     587                                 504                              83                            16.5
slot machine handle                          $1,057,303                            $830,785                        $226,518                            27.3
slot machine win                                $35,483                             $31,153                          $4,330                            13.9
slot machine win per unit per day                  $166                                $176                           $(10)                           (5.7)
42
years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                        2020                increase/ (decrease)                   percent change las vegas operations (2):
total casino revenues                          $426,440                            $236,826                        $189,614                               80.1
average number of table games                       210                                 214                             (4)                              (1.9)
table drop                                   $1,842,792                          $1,127,309                        $715,483                               63.5
table games win                                $407,195                            $238,490                        $168,705                               70.7
table games win %                                  22.1    %                           21.2    %                        0.9
table games win per unit per day                 $5,323                              $3,873                          $1,450                               37.4
average number of slot machines                   1,688                               1,703                            (15)                              (0.9)
slot machine handle                          $4,379,421                          $2,452,811                      $1,926,610                               78.5
slot machine win                               $297,548                            $159,387                        $138,161                               86.7
slot machine win per unit per day                  $483                                $325                            $158                               48.6
poker rake                                      $14,552                              $3,264                         $11,288                              345.8
encore boston harbor (3):
total casino revenues                          $552,064                            $287,525                        $264,539                               92.0
average number of table games                       189                                 182                               7                                3.8
table drop                                   $1,267,908                            $697,873                        $570,035                               81.7
table games win                                $273,174                            $147,512                        $125,662                               85.2
table games win %                                  21.5    %                           21.1    %                        0.4
table games win per unit per day                 $3,959                              $3,256                            $703                               21.6
average number of slot machines                   2,387                               2,159                             228                               10.6
slot machine handle                          $4,377,181                          $2,303,582                      $2,073,599                               90.0
slot machine win                               $358,827                            $180,207                        $178,620                               99.1
slot machine win per unit per day                  $412                                $335                             $77                               23.0
poker rake                                           $-                              $5,105                        $(5,105)                            (100.0)
in response to the initial outbreak of covid-19 in early 2020, each of our properties was subject to partial or full closure for varying lengths of time during 2020, and each has since reopened with certain covid-19 specific protective measures in place.
(1) our casino operations in macau were closed for a 15-day period in february 2020 and resumed operations on a reduced basis on february 20, 2020.
(2) our las vegas operations closed on march 17, 2020 and reopened on june 4, 2020. on october 19, 2020, encore at wynn las vegas adjusted its operating schedule to five days/four nights each week due to reduced customer demand levels. this adjusted operating schedule remained in effect through the first quarter of 2021, and on april 8, 2021, encore at wynn las vegas resumed full operations.
(3) encore boston harbor closed on march 15, 2020 and reopened on july 10, 2020. in addition, on november 6, 2020, encore boston harbor temporarily suspended hotel operations and overnight casino operations pursuant to a state directive limiting the operating hours of certain businesses, including restaurants and casinos. on january 25, 2021, the limitations on operating hours were lifted, and encore boston harbor restored 24-hour casino operations and reopened its hotel tower on a thursday through sunday weekly schedule. the property reopened its hotel tower to seven days per week as of september 1, 2021.
43
non-casino revenues the table below sets forth our room revenues and associated key operating measures:
years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                             2020                increase/ (decrease)                   percent change macau operations:
wynn palace:
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)             $69,022                           $46,110                         $22,912                               49.7
occupancy                                                 58.5    %                         29.8    %                       28.7
adr                                                       $182                              $235                           $(53)                             (22.6)
revpar                                                    $107                               $70                             $37                               52.9
wynn macau:
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)             $50,492                           $39,111                         $11,381                               29.1
occupancy                                                 58.8    %                         34.8    %                       24.0
adr                                                       $213                              $276                           $(63)                             (22.8)
revpar                                                    $125                               $96                             $29                               30.2
las vegas operations (1):
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)            $425,777                          $202,073                        $223,704                              110.7
occupancy                                                 69.5    %                         49.6    %                       19.9
adr                                                       $386                              $319                             $67                               21.0
revpar                                                    $268                              $158                            $110                               69.6
encore boston harbor (2) (3):
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)             $47,280                           $20,679                         $26,601                              128.6
occupancy                                                 85.2    %                         74.5    %                       10.7
adr                                                       $328                              $294                             $34                               11.6
revpar                                                    $279                              $219                             $60                               27.4
(1) wynn las vegas closed on march 17, 2020 and reopened on june 4, 2020.
(2) encore boston harbor closed on march 15, 2020 and reopened on july 10, 2020.
(3) encore boston harbor room statistics have been computed based on 250 days and 141 days of operation in the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing the number of nights hotel rooms were offered for sale to the public. the property reopened its hotel tower to seven days per week as of september 1, 2021.
room revenues increased $284.6 million, primarily due to higher occupancy at each of our properties and higher adr at our las vegas operations and encore boston harbor, and the closures of our las vegas operations from march 17, 2020 until june 4, 2020 and encore boston harbor from march 15, 2020 until july 10, 2020, resulting from the adverse effects of the covid-19 pandemic.
food and beverage revenues increased $304.3 million, primarily due to increased covers at our restaurants and an increase in nightlife offerings at our las vegas operations as a result of ongoing recovery from the effects of covid-19.
entertainment, retail and other revenues increased $182.7 million, primarily due to an increase in visitation to our macau operations, our las vegas operations and encore boston harbor as a result of ongoing recovery from the effects of covid-19.
44
operating expenses the table below presents operating expenses (in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2021                                                        2020                                             increase/ (decrease)                   percent change operating expenses:
casino                                    $1,394,098                          $1,064,976                        $329,122                               30.9
rooms                                        197,734                             172,223                          25,511                               14.8
food and beverage                            516,391                             398,792                         117,599                               29.5
entertainment, retail and other              450,358                             107,228                         343,130                              320.0
general and administrative                   796,592                             720,849                          75,743                               10.5
provision for credit losses                   29,487                              64,375                        (34,888)                             (54.2)
pre-opening                                    6,821                               6,506        315                                                     4.8
depreciation and amortization                715,962                             725,502                         (9,540)                              (1.3)
property charges and other                    50,762                              67,455                        (16,693)                             (24.7)
total operating expenses                  $4,158,205                          $3,327,906                        $830,299                               24.9
total operating expenses increased $830.3 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to increased casino, room, food and beverage, entertainment, retail and other, and general and administrative expenses, partially offset by decreased provision for credit losses, depreciation and amortization, and property charges and other expenses.
casino expenses increased $142.9 million, $59.1 million, $42.8 million, and $84.3 million at wynn palace, wynn macau, our las vegas operations, and encore boston harbor, respectively. these increases were primarily due to increased gaming tax expense driven by the increase in casino revenues at each property.
room expenses increased $23.7 million at our las vegas operations. the increase was primarily a result of higher operating costs related to the increase in occupancy.
food and beverage expenses increased $121.0 million at our las vegas operations. the increase was primarily a result of higher operating costs related to the increase in food and beverage revenues as well as higher nightlife entertainment costs.
entertainment, retail and other expenses increased primarily due to marketing expenses incurred by wynn interactive in connection with the launch of its operations in various states.
general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to an increase in corporate and other general and administrative expenses of $54.8 million, primarily due to a credit of $30.2 million for the net proceeds of a derivative action settlement recognized during the year ended december 31, 2020. in addition, general and administrative expenses increased $11.7 million at encore boston harbor primarily due to the closure of our operations from march 15, 2020 until july 10, 2020.
the provision for credit losses decreased $24.1 million, $8.5 million, and $3.9 million at our las vegas operations, wynn palace, and encore boston harbor, respectively. the decreases were primarily due to the impact of historical collection patterns and expectations of current and future collection trends, as well as the specific review of customer accounts, on our estimated credit loss for the respective periods.
for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, pre-opening expenses totaled $6.8 million and $6.5 million, which primarily related to restaurant remodels at our las vegas operations.
our property charges and other expenses for the year ended december 31, 2021 consisted primarily of advocacy-related expenses of $12.5 million and impairment of goodwill of $10.3 million at wynn interactive, asset abandonments of $9.7 million, $4.2 million, $2.3 million, and $1.8 million at our las vegas operations, wynn palace, encore boston harbor, and wynn macau, respectively, and other contingency expenses of $8.7 million at wynn macau. our property charges and other expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020 consisted primarily of asset disposals and abandonments of $24.4 million, $12.8 million, and $21.5 million at wynn palace, encore boston harbor and corporate and other, respectively.
45
interest expense, net of capitalized interest the following table summarizes information related to interest expense (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2021                                                                                                                                                          2020       increase/ (decrease)                percent change interest expense interest cost, including amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount and premium             $605,562                            $557,726                $47,836                             8.6
capitalized interest                                                                                                    -                             (1,252)                (1,252)                         (100.0)
$605,562                            $556,474                $49,088                             8.8
weighted average total debt balance                                                                           $12,195,881                         $12,284,646
weighted average interest rate                                                                                       4.96    %                           4.54    %
interest costs increased primarily due to an increase in the weighted average debt balance and the weighted average interest rate. capitalized interest decreased due to the completion of the meeting and convention expansion in february 2020.
other non-operating income and expenses we incurred a foreign currency remeasurement loss of $23.9 million and a gain of $12.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the impact of the exchange rate fluctuation of the macau pataca, in relation to the u.s. dollar, on the remeasurements of u.s. dollar denominated debt and other obligations from our macau-related entities drove the variability between periods.
we recorded a gain of $15.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 to reflect the fair value of our cost method investment at the date we acquired a controlling interest in betbull limited.
we recorded a gain of $11.4 million and a loss of $13.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, from changes in the fair value of an interest rate collar.
we recorded a $2.1 million loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2021 related to full prepayments of the wynn macau credit facilities. we recorded a $4.6 million loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2020 primarily related to the partial prepayment of the wynn macau term loan.
income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, we recorded an income tax expense of $0.5 million and $564.7 million, respectively. the 2021 income tax expense primarily relates to the macau dividend tax agreement that provides for an annual payment of mop 12.8 million (approximately $1.6 million) as complementary tax otherwise due by stockholders of wynn macau sa partially offset by a decrease in foreign deferred tax liabilities related to intangibles. the 2020 income tax expense primarily related to the increase in the valuation allowances for u.s foreign tax credits.
in march 2021, the company received an extension of its macau dividend tax agreement, providing for a payment of mop 12.8 million (approximately $1.6 million) for 2021 and mop 6.3 million (approximately $0.8 million) for the period ending june 26, 2022, the expiration date of the gaming concession agreement.
in april 2020, wynn macau sa received an extension of the exemption from macau's 12% complementary tax on casino gaming profits earned from january 1, 2021 to june 26, 2022, the expiration date of the gaming concession agreement. for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, we did not have any casino gaming profits exempt from the macau complementary tax. our non-gaming profits remain subject to the macau complementary tax and casino winnings remain subject to the macau special gaming tax and other levies together totaling 39% in accordance with our concession agreement.
in march 2021, the financial services bureau concluded its review of the 2017 and 2018 macau income tax returns of palo with no changes.
46
in january 2022, the financial services bureau issued final tax assessments for the company's macau income tax returns of wynn macau sa for the years 2017 and 2018, while no additional tax was due, adjustments were made to the company's tax loss carryforwards.
we have participated in the internal revenue service ("irs") compliance assurance program ("cap") for the 2012 through 2021 tax years and will continue to participate in the irs cap for the 2022 tax year.
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was $256.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to net loss of $259.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. these amounts are primarily related to the noncontrolling interests' share of net loss from wml.
adjusted property ebitda we use adjusted property ebitda to manage the operating results of our segments. adjusted property ebitda is net income (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, pre-opening expenses, property charges and other, management and license fees, corporate expenses and other (including intercompany golf course, meeting and convention, and water rights leases), stock-based compensation, change in derivatives fair value, loss on extinguishment of debt, and other non-operating income and expenses. adjusted property ebitda is presented exclusively as a supplemental disclosure because management believes that it is widely used to measure the performance, and as a basis for valuation, of gaming companies. management uses adjusted property ebitda as a measure of the operating performance of its segments and to compare the operating performance of its properties with those of its competitors, as well as a basis for determining certain incentive compensation. we also present adjusted property ebitda because it is used by some investors to measure a company's ability to incur and service debt, make capital expenditures and meet working capital requirements. gaming companies have historically reported ebitda as a supplement to gaap. in order to view the operations of their casinos on a more stand-alone basis, gaming companies, including us, have historically excluded from their ebitda calculations preopening expenses, property charges, corporate expenses and stock-based compensation, that do not relate to the management of specific casino properties. however, adjusted property ebitda should not be considered as an alternative to operating income as an indicator of our performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity, or as an alternative to any other measure determined in accordance with gaap. unlike net income (loss), adjusted property ebitda does not include depreciation or interest expense and therefore does not reflect current or future capital expenditures or the cost of capital. we have significant uses of cash flows, including capital expenditures, interest payments, debt principal repayments, income taxes and other non-recurring charges, which are not reflected in adjusted property ebitda. also, our calculation of adjusted property ebitda may be different from the calculation methods used by other companies and, therefore, comparability may be limited.
the following table summarizes adjusted property ebitda (in thousands) for wynn palace, wynn macau, las vegas operations, and encore boston harbor as reviewed by management and summarized in item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 20, "segment information." that footnote also presents a reconciliation of adjusted property ebitda to net income (loss) attributable to wynn resorts, limited.
years ended december 31,
2021                                          2020                                    increase/ (decrease)
wynn palace                    $91,646                          $(149,647)               $241,293
wynn macau                       4,209                            (87,189)                 91,398
las vegas operations           530,878                            (56,356)                587,234
encore boston harbor           210,068                            (23,762)                233,830
wynn interactive             (267,360)                             (7,351)              (260,009)
adjusted property ebitda at wynn palace and wynn macau increased $241.3 million and $91.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, respectively, primarily due to an increase in operating revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses. our casino operations at both wynn palace and wynn macau were closed for a 15-day period in february 2020.
47
adjusted property ebitda at our las vegas operations increased $587.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in operating revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses. our las vegas operations closed to the public on march 17, 2020, and reopened on june 4, 2020 on a reduced basis.
adjusted property ebitda at encore boston harbor increased $233.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in operating revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses. encore boston harbor closed to the public on march 15, 2020 and reopened on july 10, 2020 on a reduced basis.
adjusted property ebitda at wynn interactive was $(267.4) million and $(7.4) million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, primarily due to increased marketing and promotional expenses incurred in connection with the launch of its operations in various states.
refer to the discussions above regarding the specific details of our results of operations.
liquidity and capital resources our cash flows were as follows (in thousands):
years ended december 31, cash flows - summary                                                                        2021                                  2020
net cash used in operating activities                                            $(222,591)                          $(1,072,425)
net cash used in investing activities:
capital expenditures, net of construction payables and retention                  (290,657)                             (290,115)
purchase of intangible and other assets                                            (56,034)                                     -
cash acquired from business combination                                                   -                                 4,604
proceeds from sale of assets and other                                                4,268                                19,752
net cash used in investing activities                                             (342,423)                             (265,759)
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities:
proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                          1,340,281                             4,691,953
repayments of long-term debt                                                    (2,488,401)                           (2,035,354)
proceeds from issuance of wynn resorts, limited common stock                        841,896                                     -
proceeds from issuance of subsidiary common stock                                     4,662                                     -
repurchase of common stock                                                         (13,842)                              (11,533)
finance lease payments                                                             (15,658)                               (5,916)
proceeds from exercise of stock options                                                   -                                    70
dividends paid                                                                      (1,553)                             (108,777)
payments to acquire ownership interest in subsidiary                                (5,433)                              (33,621)
distribution to noncontrolling interest                                            (18,761)                               (6,238)
payments for financing costs                                                       (31,193)                              (27,339)
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                               (388,002)                             2,463,245
effect of exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash               (2,301)                                 3,031
(decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                $(955,317)                            $1,128,092
operating activities our operating cash flows primarily consist of operating income (excluding depreciation and amortization and other non-cash charges), interest paid and earned, and changes in working capital accounts such as receivables, inventories, prepaid expenses, and payables. our table games play is a mix of cash play and credit play, while our slot machine play is conducted
48
primarily on a cash basis. a significant portion of our table games revenue is attributable to the play of a limited number of premium international customers who gamble on credit. the ability to collect these gaming receivables may impact our operating cash flow for the period. our rooms, food and beverage, and entertainment, retail and other revenue is conducted on a cash and credit basis. accordingly, operating cash flows will be impacted by changes in operating income and accounts receivable, net.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, the decrease in net cash used in operating activities was primarily due to increased operating revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses and changes in working capital accounts, including a decrease in customer deposits primarily due to withdrawals by gaming promoters. as of december 31, 2021, the company did not have any agreements in place with gaming promoters.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, the decrease in net cash provided by operations was primarily due to the adverse effects of the covid-19 pandemic on the results of our operations.
investing activities our investing activities primarily consist of project capital expenditures and maintenance capital expenditures associated with maintaining and continually refining our world-class integrated resort properties.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, we incurred capital expenditures of $168.8 million at our las vegas operations primarily related to the wynn las vegas room remodel, and $38.7 million at encore boston harbor, $37.2 million at wynn palace, and $25.2 million at wynn macau primarily related to maintenance capital expenditures.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we incurred capital expenditures of $61.3 million at encore boston harbor primarily for the payment of construction retention and other payables related to its construction, $85.9 million at our las vegas operations for restaurant remodels and maintenance capital expenditures, $45.3 million for the construction of the additional meeting and convention space at wynn las vegas, and $46.7 million and $49.8 million at wynn palace and wynn macau, respectively, primarily related to maintenance capital expenditures.
financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2021, we received proceeds of $841.9 million from our february 2021 equity offering and used $716.0 million of the proceeds from the equity offering to repay the outstanding borrowings under the wrf revolver. we also paid $464.7 million of outstanding principal owed under the wynn macau term loan and prepaid the outstanding $1.26 billion of borrowings under the wynn macau credit facilities along with related financing costs, using proceeds from the borrowing of $1.09 billion under the wm cayman ii revolver along with $200.0 million of cash. in addition, we borrowed $200.4 million under the wm cayman ii revolver, and made quarterly amortization payments under the wrf term loan totaling $50.0 million.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of wml 5 1/2% senior notes due 2026, issued $1.35 billion aggregate principal amount of wml 5 5/8% senior notes due 2028, issued $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of wrf 7 3/4% senior notes due 2025, borrowed $56.5 million, net of amounts repaid, under the wynn macau revolver, borrowed $716.0 million, net of amounts repaid, under the wrf revolver, paid $1.04 billion of outstanding principal owed under the wynn macau term loan, and made quarterly amortization payments under the wrf term loan totaling $50.0 million.
capital resources the covid-19 pandemic has impacted and is likely to continue to impact, materially, our business, financial condition and results of operations. while we believe our strong liquidity position will enable us to fund our current obligations for the foreseeable future, covid-19 has resulted in significant disruption, which has had and will likely continue to have a negative impact on our operating income and could have a negative impact on our ability to access capital in the future. we continue to monitor the rapidly evolving situation and guidance from international and domestic authorities.
49
the following table summarizes our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and available revolver borrowing capacity. refer to item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 7, "long-term debt" in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information regarding each of the company's debt agreements. the following table is presented by significant financing entity as of december 31, 2021 (in thousands):
total cash and cash equivalents         revolver borrowing capacity wynn macau, limited and subsidiaries                               $1,495,727                             $212,538
wynn resorts finance, llc and subsidiaries (1)                        380,649                              835,600
wynn resorts, limited and other                                       646,154                                    -
total                                                              $2,522,530                           $1,048,138
(1) excluding wynn macau, limited and subsidiaries.
wynn macau, limited and subsidiaries. wynn macau, limited generates cash from our macau operations and may utilize proceeds from the wm cayman ii revolver (discussed further below) to fund short term working capital requirements as needed. we expect to use this cash to fund working capital and capital expenditure requirements at wml and our macau operations, and to service our existing wml senior notes. wml paid no dividends during 2021 or 2020.
on september 16, 2021, wm cayman holdings limited ii ("wm cayman ii"), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of wml, entered into an unsecured revolving credit facility agreement (the "facility agreement") in an aggregate principal amount of $1.50 billion consisting of one tranche in an amount of $312.5 million and one tranche in an amount of hk$9.26 billion (approximately $1.19 billion). wm cayman ii has the ability to upsize the total revolving credit facility by an additional $1.00 billion equivalent under the facility agreement and related agreements upon the satisfaction of various conditions.
in january 2021, wynn macau sa prepaid approximately $412.5 million of the term loan outstanding under the wynn macau credit facilities using proceeds from wml senior notes issuances.
in september 2021, borrowings of $1.09 billion under the wm cayman ii revolver, along with $200.0 million of cash, were used to facilitate the prepayment of the outstanding $1.26 billion of borrowings under the wynn macau credit facilities and to pay related fees and expenses.
the borrowings under the wm cayman ii revolver bear interest at libor or hibor plus a margin of 1.875% to 2.875% per annum based on wm cayman ii's leverage ratio on a consolidated basis. the final maturity of all outstanding loans under the revolving facility is september 16, 2025.
if our portion of our cash and cash equivalents were repatriated to the u.s. on december 31, 2021, it would be subject to minimal u.s. taxes in the year of repatriation.
wynn resorts finance, llc and subsidiaries. wynn resorts finance, llc ("wrf" or "wynn resorts finance") generates cash from distributions from its subsidiaries, which include our macau operations, wynn las vegas, and encore boston harbor, and contributions from wynn resorts, as required. in addition, wrf may utilize its available revolving borrowing capacity as needed. we expect to use this cash to service our wrf credit facilities, 2025 wrf notes, 2029 wrf notes, and wlv notes, and to fund working capital and capital expenditure requirements as needed.
wrf is a holding company and, as a result, its ability to pay dividends to wynn resorts is dependent on wrf receiving distributions from its subsidiaries, which include wml, wynn las vegas, llc, and wynn ma, llc (the owner and operator of encore boston harbor). the wrf credit agreement contains customary negative and financial covenants, including, but not limited to, covenants that restrict wrf's ability to pay dividends or distributions and incur additional indebtedness.
wynn las vegas is currently undergoing its planned room remodel, which we temporarily postponed during 2020. we expect to incur between $90 million and $100 million of remaining project costs related to this remodel, which we expect to complete during the second quarter of 2022.
we are currently reconfiguring the former le reve theater space at wynn las vegas. the specially redesigned theater will host an all-new, exclusive theatrical production. we expect to incur between $70 million and $80 million of remaining
50
project costs related to the reconfigured theater and theatrical production, which we anticipate will open during the third quarter of 2022.
we repaid $716.0 million of the outstanding borrowings under the wrf revolver in february 2021, using proceeds from the february 2021 equity offering described below.
on february 15, 2022, we announced our entry into a sale-leaseback arrangement with respect to certain real estate assets related to encore boston harbor. upon closing of the related transactions, currently expected to take place in the fourth quarter of 2022 subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions, we expect to receive cash consideration of approximately $1.7 billion in exchange for the sale of such real estate assets to an unrelated third party, and to concurrently enter into a lease agreement whereby the company will lease such real estate assets for the purpose of continuing to operate the encore boston harbor property. the lease agreement provides for an initial annual minimum rent of $100.0 million for an initial term of 30 years, subject to certain annual rent escalations and renewal provisions. we expect to use the cash proceeds from the sale of the real estate assets for general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment of certain debt obligations.
wynn resorts, limited and other subsidiaries. wynn resorts, limited is a holding company and, as a result, our ability to pay dividends is dependent on our ability to obtain funds and our subsidiaries' ability to provide funds to us. wynn resorts, limited and other primarily generates cash from royalty and management agreements with our resorts, dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries, and the operations of the retail joint venture of which we own 50.1%. we expect to use this cash to service our retail term loan, to fund working capital needs of wynn interactive, and for general corporate purposes.
on february 11, 2021, the company completed a registered public offering of 7,475,000 newly issued shares of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share, at a price of $115.00 per share for proceeds of $841.9 million, net of $17.7 million in underwriting discounts, commissions and other expenses. the company used $716.0 million of the net proceeds from this equity offering to repay the outstanding borrowings under the wrf revolver in february 2021, and used the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes.
other factors affecting liquidity we may refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. we cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of the indebtedness on acceptable terms or at all.
legal proceedings in which we are involved also may impact our liquidity. no assurance can be provided as to the outcome of such proceedings. in addition, litigation inherently involves significant costs. for information regarding legal proceedings, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 17, "commitments and contingencies."
our board of directors has authorized an equity repurchase program of up to $1.0 billion. under the equity repurchase program, we may repurchase the company's outstanding shares from time to time through open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions, and under plans complying with rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the exchange act. as of december 31, 2021, we had $800.1 million in repurchase authority remaining under the program.
we have in the past repurchased, and in the future, we may periodically consider repurchasing our outstanding notes for cash. the amount of any notes to be repurchased, as well as the timing of any repurchases, will be based on business, market and other conditions and factors, including price, contractual requirements or consents, and capital availability.
new business developments or other unforeseen events, including related to covid-19, may occur, resulting in the need to raise additional funds. we continue to explore opportunities to develop additional gaming or related businesses in domestic and international markets. there can be no assurances regarding the business prospects with respect to any other opportunity. any new development may require us to obtain additional financing. we may decide to conduct any such development through wynn resorts, limited or through subsidiaries separate from the las vegas, boston or macau-related entities.
51
contractual commitments the following table summarizes our scheduled contractual commitments as of december 31, 2021 (in thousands):
payments due by period less                        1 to 3                        4 to 5                         after                        total than                         years                         years                       5 years
1 year long-term debt obligations                                     $50,000                    $1,937,500                    $5,282,766                    $4,730,000                   $12,000,266
fixed interest payments                                        502,975                       964,991                       593,321                       431,640                     2,492,927
estimated variable interest payments (1)                        73,418                       139,917                        36,502                             -                       249,837
construction contracts and commitments                         139,930                        19,163                             -                             -                       159,093
operating leases                                                18,106                        27,660                        17,592                       441,640                       504,998
finance leases                                                  17,839                        29,398                         2,406                        63,881                       113,524
employment agreements (2)                                       62,195                        56,543                         1,143                             -                       119,881
massachusetts surrounding community payments (3)                14,198                        29,147                        29,996                       102,279                       175,620
other (4)                                                      222,200                       151,932                        39,717                        70,781                       484,630
total contractual commitments                               $1,100,861                    $3,356,251                    $6,003,443                    $5,840,221                   $16,300,776
(1) amounts for all periods represent our estimated future interest payments on our debt facilities based upon amounts outstanding and libor or hibor rates as of december 31, 2021. actual rates will vary.
(2) represents payments to executive officers, other members of management and certain key employees. employment agreements generally have three to five year terms and typically indicate a base salary and often contain provisions for discretionary bonuses. certain of the executives are also entitled to a separation payment if terminated without "cause" or upon voluntary termination of employment for "good reason" following a "change of control" (as these terms are defined in the employment contracts).
(3) represents payments to certain communities surrounding encore boston harbor, required as a condition of the gaming license awarded to wynn ma, llc.
(4) other includes open purchase orders, future charitable contributions, fixed gaming tax payments in macau, performance contracts and other contracts. as further discussed in item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 13, "income taxes," we had $141.5 million of unrecognized tax benefits as of december 31, 2021. due to the inherent uncertainty of the underlying tax positions, it is not practicable to assign this liability to any particular year and therefore it is not included in the table above as of december 31, 2021.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap involves the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. certain of our accounting policies require management to apply significant judgment in defining the appropriate assumptions integral to financial estimates and on an ongoing basis, management evaluates those estimates. judgments are based on historical experience, terms of existing contracts, industry trends and information available from outside sources, as appropriate. however, by their nature, judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, and therefore actual results could differ from our estimates.
allowance for credit losses a substantial portion of our outstanding receivables relates to casino credit play. credit play, through the issuance of markers, represents a significant portion of the table games volume. our goal is to maintain strict controls over the issuance of credit and aggressively pursue collection from those customers who fail to pay their balances in a timely fashion. these collection efforts may include the mailing of statements and delinquency notices, personal contacts, the use of outside collection agencies, and litigation. markers issued at our las vegas operations and encore boston harbor are generally legally enforceable instruments in the united states, and united states assets of foreign customers may be used to satisfy judgments entered in the united states.
the enforceability of markers and other forms of credit related to gaming debt outside of the united states varies from country to country. some foreign countries do not recognize the enforceability of gaming related debt, or make enforcement burdensome. we closely consider the likelihood and difficulty of enforceability, among other factors, when issuing credit to customers who are not residents of the united states. in addition to our internal credit and collection departments, we have a network of legal, accounting and collection professionals to assist us in our determinations regarding enforceability and our overall collection efforts.
52
we regularly evaluate our reserve for credit losses based on a specific review of customer accounts and outstanding gaming promoter accounts, taking into consideration the amount owed, the age of the account, the customer's financial condition, management's experience with historical and current collection trends, current economic and business conditions, and management's expectations of future economic and business conditions and forecasts. accounts are written off when management deems them to be uncollectible. recoveries of accounts previously written off are recorded when received.
the following table presents key statistics related to our casino accounts receivable (dollars in thousands):
december 31,
2021                                                                                                    2020
casino accounts receivable                                        $199,030                      $207,823
allowance for casino credit losses                                $106,958                       $98,035
allowance as a percentage of casino accounts receivable               53.7   %                      47.2   %
the increase in allowance for casino credit losses as shown in the table above is primarily due to the impact of historical collection patterns and expectations of current and future collection trends in light of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as the specific review of customer accounts. although the company believes that its allowance is adequate, it is possible the estimated amounts of cash collections with respect to receivables could change. our allowance for credit losses is based on our estimates of amounts collectible and depends on the risk assessments and judgments by management regarding realizability, the current and expected future state of the economy and our credit policy. our reserve methodology is applied similarly to credit extended at each of our resorts. as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, 42.9% and 50.0%, respectively, of our outstanding casino accounts receivable balance originated at our macau operations, which include advances to gaming promoters.
as of december 31, 2021, a 100 basis point change in the allowance for credit losses as a percentage of casino accounts receivable would change the provision for credit losses by approximately $2.0 million.
as our customer payment experience evolves, we will continue to refine our estimated allowance for credit losses. accordingly, the associated provision for credit losses may fluctuate. because individual customer account balances can be significant, the reserve and the provision can change significantly between periods as we become aware of additional information about a customer or changes occur in a region's economy or legal system.
development, construction and property, and equipment estimates during the construction and development of a resort or other projects, pre-opening or start-up costs are expensed when incurred. in connection with the construction and development of our resorts, significant start-up costs are incurred and charged to pre-opening costs through their respective openings. once our resorts open, expenses associated with the opening of the resorts are no longer charged as pre-opening costs.
during the construction and development stage, direct costs such as those incurred for the design and construction of our resorts, including applicable portions of interest, are capitalized. accordingly, the recorded amounts of property and equipment increase significantly during construction periods. depreciation is provided over the estimated useful lives of the assets using the straight-line method. we determine the estimated useful lives based on our experience with similar assets, estimates of the usage of the asset and other factors specific to the asset. depreciation expense related to capitalized construction costs and fixed assets commences when the related assets are placed in service. the remaining estimated useful lives of assets are periodically reviewed and adjusted as necessary.
costs of repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. the cost and accumulated depreciation of property and equipment retired or otherwise disposed of are eliminated from the respective accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in property charges and other.
impairment of long-lived assets, intangible assets, and goodwill we evaluate our property and equipment and other long-lived assets for impairment in accordance with applicable accounting standards. for assets to be disposed of we recognize the asset at the lower of carrying value or fair market value less costs of disposal, as estimated based on comparable asset sales, solicited offers, or a discounted cash flow model. for assets to be held and used, we review for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. in reviewing for impairment, we compare the estimated future cash flows of the asset, on an undiscounted basis, to the carrying value of the asset. if the undiscounted
53
cash flows exceed the carrying value, no impairment is indicated. if the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, an impairment is recorded based on the fair value of the asset, typically measured using a discounted cash flow model. if an asset is still under development, future cash flows include remaining construction costs. all recognized impairment losses, whether for assets to be disposed of or assets to be held and used, are recorded as operating expenses.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, wynn palace and wynn macau continued to experience disruptions to their respective businesses as a result of the covid-19 pandemic as noted in note 1, "organization and business." as a result, we concluded that a triggering event occurred at each of these asset groups. we tested our asset groups for recoverability as of december 31, 2021, and concluded no impairment existed at that date as the estimated undiscounted future cash flows exceeded the net carrying amount for each of the asset groups. the tests for recoverability include estimates of future cash flows and the useful lives of our primary assets. these estimates are subjective and may change should the covid-19 pandemic, including travel restrictions and operating capacity limitations, persist longer than expected. unfavorable changes in the company's estimates could require an impairment charge in the future.
the company tests goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that this asset may be impaired. the company's test of goodwill impairment starts with a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. if qualitative factors indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than its carrying amount, then a quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed. for the quantitative analysis, the company compares the fair value of its reporting unit to its carrying value. if the estimated fair value exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is considered not to be impaired and no additional steps are necessary. however, if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, goodwill impairment is recorded equal to the difference between the carrying amount of the reporting unit and its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. most of the company's goodwill recorded as of december 31, 2021 and 2020 was the result of an acquisition during the fourth quarter of 2020.
on november 12, 2021, wynn resorts announced the termination of a previously announced agreement and plan of merger which contemplated the combination of wynn interactive and a special purpose acquisition company. the company concluded that the termination of the agreement constituted a potential indicator of impairment, and as a result of revisiting its estimated fair value of the reporting units comprising wynn interactive based on a combination of the income and market approaches, recognized impairment of $10.3 million during the year ended december 31, 2021.
litigation and contingency estimates we are subject to various claims, legal actions and other contingencies, and we accrue for these matters when they are both probable and estimable. for matters that arose on or prior to the balance sheet date, we estimate any accruals based on the relevant facts and circumstances available through the date of issuance of the financial statements. we include the accruals associated with any contingent matters in other accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the united states and other foreign jurisdictions where we operate. accounting standards require the recognition of deferred tax assets, net of applicable reserves, and liabilities for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect of a change in tax rates on the income tax provision and deferred tax assets and liabilities generally is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. accounting standards require recognition of a future tax benefit to the extent that realization of such benefit is more likely than not. otherwise, a valuation allowance is applied.
as of december 31, 2021, we had deferred tax assets of $2.5 billion including a foreign tax credit ("ftc") carryforward of $2.0 billion and a deferred tax asset related to interest expense carryforwards of $154.5 million. as of december 31, 2021, we have recorded a valuation allowance of $2.5 billion against the ftc carryforward, disallowed interest expense carryforward and the other deferred tax assets based on our estimate of future realization. in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, the company considers whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. in this assessment, appropriate consideration was given to all positive and negative evidence including recent operating profitability, forecasts of future earnings, ability to carryback, the reversal of net taxable temporary differences, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, and tax planning strategies. as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, the company no longer relies on forecast of future
54
taxable income due to tax legislation that reduces future sources of taxable income as well as the uncertainty caused by the covid-19 pandemic and relies solely on the reversal of net taxable temporary differences.
our income tax returns are subject to examination by the irs and other tax authorities in the locations where we operate. we assess potentially unfavorable outcomes of such examinations based on accounting standards for uncertain income taxes. the accounting standards prescribe a minimum recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements.
uncertain tax position accounting standards apply to all tax positions related to income taxes. these accounting standards utilize a two-step approach for evaluating tax positions. the tax benefit is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement.
as applicable, we recognize accrued penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes.
recently adopted accounting standards and accounting standards issued but not yet adopted see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies."
